<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019313.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019313.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203163608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019313
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tempus AI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001717115
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				474903308
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42130
		FILM NUMBER:		25583072

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 WEST CHICAGO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 510
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-976-5448

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 WEST CHICAGO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 510
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tempus Labs, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170915
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d843563d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000171711500017171152025-02-032025-02-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

Tempus AI, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42130 47-4903308

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

600 West Chicago Avenue, Suite 510

Chicago, Illinois 60654

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (800)976-5448

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share TEM The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

On February 3, 2025 (the Closing Date), in conjunction with closing the acquisition of Ambry Genetics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Ambry), pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2024, by and between Tempus AI, Inc. (the Company), REALM IDx, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Seller), and solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Sellers ultimate parent, Konica Minolta, Inc., a Japanese corporation, the Company entered into a Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Guarantee and Collateral Agreement (the Amendment Agreement) by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Ares Capital Corporation, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), and ACF Finco I LP, as revolving agent. The Amendment Agreement amends the terms of that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement and as amended by the Amendment Agreement, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent to, among other things, establish (i) $200.0 million in additional senior secured term loan commitments (the Third Amendment Term Loan Facility and the incremental term loans funded thereunder, the Third Amendment Term Loans) and (ii) $100.0 million in priority revolving commitments (the Priority ABL Facility, the revolving commitments thereunder, the Revolving Commitments, and the revolving loans funded thereunder, the Revolving Loans). The Company borrowed $200.0 million in Third Amendment Term Loans and $100.0 million in Revolving Loans on the Closing Date to fund, in part, the consideration payable in connection with its acquisition of Ambry. 

The Third Amendment Term Loan Facility and the Priority ABL Facility mature on February 3, 2030. The term loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as of, but immediately prior to effectiveness of, the Amendment Agreement (such loans, together with the Third Amendment Term Loans, the Term Loans) mature in September 2027. 

Through December 31, 2025, interest on the Term Loans accrues at a per annum rate as follows: (i) for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in cash, the cash interest rate for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings will be the Base Rate plus 6.25% and Term SOFR plus 7.25%, respectively, and (ii) for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in kind, the cash interest rate for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings will be the Base Rate plus 4% and Term SOFR plus 5%, respectively, and the paid-in-kind interest rate will be 3.25%. From and after January 1, 2026, interest on the Term Loans accrues at a per annum rate as follows: (i) for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in cash, the cash interest rate for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings will be the Base Rate plus a margin ranging from 5.75% to 6.75% and Term SOFR plus a margin ranging from 6.75% to 7.75%, respectively, and (ii) for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in kind, the cash interest rate for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings will be the Base Rate plus a margin of 4% or 4.5% and Term SOFR plus a margin of 5% or 5.5%, respectively, and the paid-in-kind interest rate will be 3.25%. The applicable margin for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in cash will be based on the Companys consolidated first lien leverage ratio and whether the Company has satisfied certain junior capital raising requirements. The applicable margin for any interest period for which the Company elects to pay interest in kind will be based on whether the Company has satisfied certain junior capital raising requirements. 

Interest on the Revolving Loans accrues at a per annum rate equal to either, the Base Rate plus 2.75% or Term SOFR plus 3.75%. At all times prior to the termination of the Revolving Commitments, to the extent that, on any date, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans is less than the greater of (x) 50.0% of the Revolving Commitments and (y) $50.0 million, the amount of interest payable on account of the Revolving Loans shall be equal to the amount of interest that would be payable had the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans equaled the greater of (x) 50.0% of the Revolving Commitments and (y) $50.0 million (the Minimum Revolving Interest Amount). A commitment fee will accrue on the unused amount of the Revolving Commitments at a per annum rate of 0.50%; provided, however, that no such fee shall accrue to the extent the Company is being charged the Minimum Revolving Interest Amount. 

The Companys obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of its subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Companys and such subsidiaries assets. The Company has the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans in whole or in part, subject, with respect to the Term Loans, to certain prepayment fees. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including but not limited to, restrictions on the Companys and its subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness, dispose of its assets, incur liens, make investments, and pay dividends or other distributions, in each case subject to specified exceptions. The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants as to minimum liquidity, minimum revenue and, from and after the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2027, maximum first lien leverage. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of covenants, cross acceleration to material indebtedness, bankruptcy-related defaults, judgment defaults, and the occurrence of certain change of control events. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Agreement will be entitled to take various actions, including the termination of any undrawn commitments and the acceleration of amounts due under the Credit Agreement. 

The summary of the material terms of the Credit Agreement in this Item 1.01 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the actual agreement, a conformed copy of which is attached as Annex A to the Amendment Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in response to this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Ares Capital Corporation, as administrative agent and ACF Finco I LP, as revolving agent. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Tempus AI, Inc.

Dated: February 3, 2025

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

James Rogers

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d843563dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND FIRST AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENTAND FIRST AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE AND COLLATERAL AGREEMENT, dated as of February 3, 2025
(this Amendment), is by and among Tempus AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Tempus Labs, Inc.) (the Borrower), each other Loan Party signatory hereto, Ares Capital Corporation, as administrative agent for
the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), ACF Finco I LP, as revolving agent for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (in such capacity, the
Revolving Agent; the Revolving Agent together with the Administrative Agent, collectively, the Agents), and the Lenders signatory hereto, each in their individual capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement
as in effect immediately prior to this Amendment (each such Lender, an Existing Lender), and in their capacity, as applicable, as a provider of the (i) Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments (as defined below)
set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule I attached hereto (each such Lender, a Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lender), and/or (ii) Revolving Commitments (as defined below) set forth opposite such
Lenders name on Schedule II attached hereto (each such Lender, a Revolving Lender). 

WHEREAS, reference is
hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement and
as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Administrative Agent, and Ares Capital Management LLC, as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner; 

WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2022 (as amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Collateral Agreement and as amended by this Amendment, the Collateral Agreement), by and among
the Borrower, as a Grantor, the other Loan Parties as Grantors and Guarantors and the Administrative Agent, as Collateral Agent; 

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has informed the Agents and the Lenders that the Borrower intends to purchase 100% of the Equity Interests of Ambry Genetics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Ambry), and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms and
conditions of (i) that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2024 (the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement), by and among Realm IDX, a Delaware corporation, as the
Seller (as defined therein) thereunder (the Seller), the Borrower, in its capacity as the Buyer (as defined therein) thereunder, and Konica Minolta, Inc., a Japanese corporation, as the
Guarantor (as defined therein) thereunder, and (ii) the other agreements, documents and instruments entered into in connection therewith (together with the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement, collectively, the
Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Documents, and such acquisition, the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition); 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that (i) the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders provide additional Term Loan Commitments to
fund additional Term Loans in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000,000 (the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments; the Term Loans provided pursuant to the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments,
the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) in the amounts set forth on Schedule I attached hereto to (x) pay a portion of the consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, and (y) pay fees,
costs and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in connection with the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and this Amendment, and (ii) the Revolving Lenders provide priority senior secured revolving commitments in an aggregate principal
amount of $100,000,000 (the Revolving Commitments; the revolving loans provided pursuant to the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Loans) in the 

amounts set forth on Schedule II attached hereto to (x) pay a portion of the consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, (y) pay fees, costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and this Amendment, and (z) for working capital and general corporate purposes, and (iii) make certain other amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement as set
forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, (i) the Third Amendment Effective Date
Term Lenders with a Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment have agreed to make the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, (ii) the Revolving Lenders with a Revolving Commitment have agreed to make the Revolving Loans (the
Third Amendment Effective Date Revolver Draw) and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (constituting all Existing Lenders party to the Existing Credit Agreement prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment on the
Third Amendment Effective Date, the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders and the Revolving Lenders) signatory hereto have agreed to make such amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Collateral Agreement, in each case, as
more fully set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained,
the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section 1. Defined Terms. Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each
capitalized term used herein has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. 

Section 2. Amendments to
Existing Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5 herein, on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), and in reliance upon the representations and
warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 4 below, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a) The Existing Credit Agreement (including the exhibits, but excluding the signature pages and schedules thereto) is
hereby amended to delete stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text), to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
double-underlined text), and to move the green text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: moved text and moved text), in each case, as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 

(b) Schedules 2.01(a), 3.05, 3.06, 3.12, 3.13, 3.14 and 3.23 to the
Existing Credit Agreement are, in each case, hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as Annex B-1 attached hereto. 

(c) Schedule 2.01(b) is hereby added as a new Schedule to the Credit Agreement to read as Annex B-2 attached hereto. 

(d) Exhibits A, D, E, F,
G, I-1, I-2, I-3, I-4 and J to the Existing
Credit Agreement are, in each case, hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as Annex C-1 attached hereto. 

(e) Exhibits B and C are hereby added as new Exhibits to the Credit Agreement to read as Annex C-2 attached hereto. 

Section 3. Amendment to the Collateral Agreement. Subject to
the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5 herein, on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in
Section 4 below, the Existing Collateral Agreement is hereby amended to amend and restate the definition of Excluded Accounts as follows: 

2 

Excluded Accounts means, collectively, (a) any deposit account that
is used exclusively for the payment of payroll, payroll taxes, employee benefits, withholding or escrow or fiduciary deposits or deposits permitted under the Credit Agreement, (b) any deposit account that is a zero balance account, (c) any
deposit account holding solely cash collateral subject to a Lien permitted by Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement, (d) any other deposit, securities, commodity or similar account, so long as the aggregate amount of available funds on
deposit does not at any time exceed (x) $625,000 for any such account or (y) $1,250,000 for all such accounts and (e) any deposit account into which an Account Debtor makes payment under Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE or any other health program
operated by or financed in whole or in part by any foreign or domestic federal, state or local government so long as funds on deposit in such deposit account are transferred within two (2) Business Days to an account subject to a Springing
Control Agreement. 

Section 4. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the
Agents and each Lender that on the date hereof: 

(a) Such Loan Party (i) is duly organized or formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) has the power and authority and all governmental rights, qualifications, approvals, authorizations, permits, accreditations, licenses
and franchises material to the business of such Loan Party taken as a whole that are necessary to own its assets, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Amendment and (iii) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where
such qualification is required. 

(b) Such Loan Party is duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action
and, if required, stockholder action to enter into this Amendment. 

(c) When executed and delivered by such Loan
Party, this Amendment will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting
creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(d) The execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Amendment and each other Loan Document to which it
is a party, and the Borrowings by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) (i) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such
as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except those that are required or permitted to be obtained following consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, the absence of which individually or in the
aggregate are not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect and filings necessary to perfect Liens created under the Loan Documents, (ii) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to such Loan Party, (iii) will not
violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material agreement or instrument binding upon such Loan Party or any of its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by such Loan Party or give rise to a
right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any material obligation thereunder, (iv) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of such Loan Party, except Liens created under the Loan
Documents and (v) will not violate any judgment, order, decree or injunction that is binding upon such Loan Party or any of their respective properties. 

3 

(e) As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, (a) the fair value
of the assets of the Borrower, and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, at fair valuation, exceeds, on a consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the
property of the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or
otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities
become absolute and matured and (d) the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, do not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is
proposed to be conducted after the Third Amendment Effective Date. 

(f) The Specified Acquisition Agreement
Representations (as defined below) are true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materially, Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Amendment
Effective Date Acquisition Agreement) or a similar term, in which case such Specified Acquisition Agreement Representation shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of hereof, except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such Specified Acquisition Agreement Representation shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such Specified Acquisition Agreement Representation is
qualified by materially, Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement) or a similar term, in which case such Specified Acquisition Agreement Representation shall be true and
correct in all respects) as of such earlier date). 

Section 5. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment, each Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders obligation to provide the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments and each Revolving Lenders obligation to provide the Revolving Commitments shall become effective on the first date (the
Third Amendment Effective Date) when, and only when, each of the applicable conditions set forth below have been satisfied (or waived) in accordance with the terms herein: 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Revolving Agent and each
Lender signatory hereto (constituting all Existing Lenders party to the Existing Credit Agreement prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders and the Revolving
Lenders) a counterpart to this Amendment, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party. 

(b) The
Administrative Agent shall have received each of the items set forth on Annex D attached hereto, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) The Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the
making of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and Third Amendment Effective Date Revolver Draw, will be consummated, in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement, after
giving effect to any modifications, amendments, consents or waivers not prohibited by this clause (c). The Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement shall not have been amended or waived or modified by the Borrower or any of its
Affiliates in a manner 

4 

materially adverse to the Lenders without the consent of each Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (provided, that, the Lenders shall be deemed to have
consented to such amendment, waiver or consent unless they shall object thereto within five (5) Business Days after written notice of such proposed amendment, waiver or consent)) (it being understood that (x) any substantive modification,
amendment, consent or waiver to the definition of Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement as in effect on November 4, 2024) shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders,
(y) any increase in the purchase price of the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition will be deemed not to be materially adverse to the Lenders so long as such increase is funded with Equity Interests or proceeds of Equity Interests (in
each case, other than Disqualified Equity Interests), and (z) any reduction in the purchase price of the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition shall not be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders if applied to reduce the Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments or Revolving Loan Commitments, as applicable. 

(d) since
November 4, 2024, there shall not have occurred and be continuing any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement). 

(e) the Borrower shall have paid in full the fees set forth in that certain Fee Letter, dated as of November 4, 2024
(the Fee Letter), by and among the Borrower, Ares Capital Management LLC, the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Agent. 

(f) in addition to the amounts payable pursuant to the Fee Letter, the Administrative Agent shall have received all other
fees and amounts due and payable on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant to the Loan Documents (in the case of expenses and reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel), to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Day prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date)
required to be paid or reimbursed by any Loan Party (which may be offset against the proceeds of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan and Revolving Loans made on the Third Amendment Effective Date). 

(g) the Lenders shall have received a pro forma consolidated balance sheet, and related consolidated statements of income
and cash flows as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which unaudited financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to clause (h) below, prepared after giving pro forma effect to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment as if the transactions contemplated by this Amendment had occurred on the first day of the period covered thereby, which need not be prepared in compliance with Regulation
S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or include adjustments for purchase accounting (including adjustments of the type contemplated by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification 805, Business Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)). 

(h) the Lenders shall have received (i) the
unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of Ambry and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, and
(ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024. 

(i) the Agents and the Lenders shall have received, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Third Amendment
Effective Date, all documentation and other information about the 

5 

Borrower, the other Loan Parties and Ambry as has been reasonably requested in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date by the Agents or the
Lenders that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the PATRIOT Act. 

(j) (i) The Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations (as defined below) shall be true and correct in all material
respects to the extent required by the Certain Funds Provisions (as defined below) and (ii) the Specified Representations (as defined below) shall be true and correct in all material respects on, or as of, the Third Amendment Effective Date
(except in the case of any Specified Representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the
case may be); provided that to the extent that any Specified Representation is qualified by or subject to a material adverse effect, material adverse change or similar term or qualification, (A) the definition thereof
shall be the definition of Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement) for purposes of the making or deemed making of such Specified Representation on, or as of, the Effective Date (or
any date prior thereto) and (B) the same shall be true and correct in all respects. For purposes hereof, (x) Specified Acquisition Representations means the representations and warranties in the Third Amendment Effective Date
Acquisition Agreement made by the Ambry or the Seller with respect to Ambry and its Subsidiaries as are material to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such), but only to the extent that the Borrower has (and/or its applicable
Affiliate has) the right to terminate its (and/or its Affiliates) obligations under the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition as a result of a breach of
such representations in the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement, (y) Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) set forth
in the Existing Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) relating to (i) corporate or other organizational existence, power and authority, due authorization, execution and delivery (in each case, solely related to the entering into and
performance of the Amendment by the Loan Parties), (ii) enforceability and no violation of, or conflict with the charter documents of the Loan Parties, in each case, limited to the entry into this Amendment, incurrence of the indebtedness hereunder
and the granting of the guarantees and security interests as required herein, (iii) Federal Reserve margin regulations, (iv) the Investment Company Act of 1940, (v) solvency as of the Third Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to
the transactions contemplated by this Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date) of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (vi) subject to the provisions of this paragraph, creation, validity and perfection of security
interests in the Collateral (subject to permitted liens), and (vii) the use of proceeds not violating OFAC, FCPA, money laundering, USA Patriot Act (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and other anti-terrorism laws; and (z)
Certain Funds Provisions means the provisions contained in this clause (j). 

(k) the truth and
accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 3 hereof. 

Section 6. Effect of
Amendment; Reaffirmation and Ratification of Obligations; Etc. Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Credit Agreement, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the
rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agents under the Credit Agreement or under any other Loan Document or constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms,
conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Credit Agreement or of any Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and
effect after giving effect hereto. Each Loan Party hereby (a) acknowledges 

6 

and agrees that the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party is hereby confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect according to its respective
terms, (b) ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability of the appointment of the Collateral Agent as its proxy and attorney-in-fact under each applicable
Loan Document and, as of the date hereof without in any way impairing any previous appointment, reappoints the Collateral Agent as its proxy and attorney-in-fact in
accordance with the terms of such applicable Loan Documents, which appointment (i) is IRREVOCABLE (which shall survive the bankruptcy, dissolution or winding up of such Loan Party), (ii) shall remain valid and in full force and effect until the
repayment in full of the Obligations, (iii) is coupled with an interest and (iv) is granted for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the Loan Documents, as applicable. On and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, each
reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereof, hereunder, herein and hereby and each other similar reference, and each reference in any Loan Document to the Credit
Agreement, thereof, thereunder, therein or thereby or any other similar reference to the Credit Agreement shall refer to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment
constitutes a Loan Document. 

Section 7. Reserved. 

Section 8. Severability. Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 9. Captions. Captions used in this Amendment are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of
this Amendment. 

Section 10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. This Amendment shall be
construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. The provisions of Section 9.09(b), (c) and (d) and Section 9.10 are incorporated herein by reference,
mutatis mutandis, and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 

Section 11. Counterparts. This Amendment may be
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment constitutes the entire contract
among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 

Section 12. Covenants of New Lenders. 

(a) Each Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lender that was not a Lender of record immediately prior to the Third
Amendment Effective Date (a) represents and warrants that (i) from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, as a Lender thereunder and, to the
extent of its respective Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments and Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, shall have the obligations and rights of a Lender thereunder and (ii) it has independently and without reliance upon
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and to make its respective Third Amendment Effective Date
Term Loans and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the 

7 

Administrative Agent or any Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action
under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(b) Each Revolving Lender that was not a Lender of record immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date
(a) represents and warrants that (i) from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of its respective
Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans, shall have the obligations and rights of a Lender thereunder and (ii) it has independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and to make its respective Revolving Loans and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance
on the Administrative Agent, Revolving Agent or any Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and
(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

TEMPUS AI, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

Name: James Rogers

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

TEMPUS COMPASS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: Tempus AI, Inc., its Sole Member

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

Name: James Rogers

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

ARTERYS INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

Name: James Rogers

Title: Treasurer

MPIRIK, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

Name: James Rogers

Title: Treasurer

SENGINE PRECISION MEDICINE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ James Rogers

Name: James Rogers

Title: Treasurer

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Dieber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ACF FINCO I LP, as Revolving Agent

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Dieber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Dieber

Title: Authorized Signatory

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

LENDERS:

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARES CREDIT STRATEGIES INSURANCE DEDICATED FUND SERIES INTERESTS OF SALI MULTI-SERIES FUND, L.P., as a Lender

By: Ares Management LLC, its Investment Manager

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, as Sub-Adviser

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARES SFERS CREDIT STRATEGIES FUND LLC,as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, as Account Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

PRIVATE CREDIT FUND O, LLC, as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, as Account Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

PRIVATE CREDIT FUND C-1 HOLDCO, LLC SERIES 1, as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, its Asset Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

PRIVATE CREDIT FUND C-1 SPV 2, LLC, as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, its manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARES CREDIT INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP III C LP, as a Lender

By: Ares SDL Capital Management LLC, its Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ASH HOLDINGS II (L), L.P., as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, its Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ASH HOLDINGS II (U), L.P., as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, its Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ASH FINANCE II, LLC, as a Lender

By: Ares Capital Management LLC, its Collateral Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ARES COMMERCIAL FINANCE LP, as a Lender

By: Ares Commercial Finance Management LP, as Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

ACF FINCO I LP, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael Dieber

Name: Michael Diber

Title: Authorized Signatory

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

LENDERS:

AO MIDDLE MARKET CREDIT L.P., as a Lender

By: OCM Middle Market Credit G.P. Inc., its general partner

By: 

/s/ K. Patel

Name: K. Patel

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Jeremy Ehrlich

Name: Jeremy Ehrlich

Title: Director

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

LENDERS:

CDPQ REVENU FIXE AMRICAIN V INC., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Pierre-Yves Cyr

Name: Pierre-Yves Cyr

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: 

/s/ Francois Duquette

Name: Francois Duquette

Title: Authorized Signatory

Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ANNEX A 

Credit Agreement 

See
attached. 

Execution
Version

ANNEX A 

MARKED VERSION REFLECTING CHANGES PURSUANT TO THE 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ADDED TEXT SHOWN AS:
UNDERSCORED

DELETED TEXT SHOWN AS: STRIKETHROUGH

MOVED TEXT SHOWN AS:
UNDERSCORED OR STRIKETHROUGH, AS
APPLICABLE 

For the avoidance of doubt, the base Credit Agreement on which the amendments reflected in this Annex A have been made include
conforming changes made to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 22, 2022 as amended by that certain (i) Limited Waiver and First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated April 25, 2023, and (ii) Second Amendment to Credit
Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2023. 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

September 22, 2022

by and among 

TEMPUS LABSAI, INC., 

as the Borrower, 

the Lenders party hereto from time to time, 

and

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent,

and

ACF FINCO I
LP,

as Revolving
Agent

ARES CAPITAL
MANAGEMENT LLC, 

as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 3350 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 3350 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 3351 

SECTION 1.05. Pro
Forma Calculations 51 

SECTION 1.06.
DivisionsRates 3452 

SECTION 1.07.
Divisions 52 

SECTION 1.08. UCC
Definitions 52 

ARTICLE II The Credits 3453 

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 3453 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 3554 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings
of Term Loans 3555 

SECTION 2.04.
[Reserved]Requests for Borrowings of Revolving Loans; Settlements 3655 

SECTION 2.05. [Reserved] 3660 

SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 3660 

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections 3761 

SECTION 2.08. Termination
and Reductions of Commitments. 3762 

SECTION 2.09. Evidence of Debt 3863 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Amortization of Term
Loans 3863 

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 3863 

SECTION 2.12. Fees 4066 

SECTION 2.13. Interest 4370 

SECTION 2.14. Benchmark Replacement Setting 4472 

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 4674 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 4775 

SECTION 2.17. Taxes 4775 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs 5180 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 5382 

SECTION 2.20.
Bank Accounts and Collections 83 

SECTION 2.21.
Defaulting Lenders 85 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 5486 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Power 5486 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 5486 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 5486 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; Projections; No Default 5587 

-i- 

Page 

SECTION 3.05. Properties 5688 

SECTION 3.06. Litigation 5688 

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 5688 

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 5688 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 5788 

SECTION 3.10. ERISA 5789 

SECTION 3.11. Reports 5789 

SECTION 3.12. Subsidiaries 5789 

SECTION 3.13. Insurance 5789 

SECTION 3.14. Labor Matters 5789 

SECTION 3.15. Solvency 5889 

SECTION 3.16. Margin Regulations 5890 

SECTION 3.17. Patriot Act 5890 

SECTION 3.18. Anti-Corruption Laws 5991 

SECTION 3.19. Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc 5991 

SECTION 3.20.
[Reserved]Locations of Accounts and Collateral 5991 

SECTION 3.21. Environmental Compliance 5991 

SECTION 3.22. Health Care Regulatory Matters 6092 

SECTION 3.23.
Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts 94 

SECTION 3.24. Use of Proceeds 6294 

SECTION 3.25. Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 6294 

SECTION 3.26.
Eligible Accounts; Borrowing Base 94 

ARTICLE IV
Conditions Precedent 6295 

SECTION 4.01.
Conditions Precedent to the Borrowing of Effective Date Term
Loans 6295 

SECTION 4.02.
Conditions Precedent to Borrowings after the Third Amendment Effective Date 97 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 6497 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 6497 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 6699 

SECTION 5.03. Information Regarding Collateral 68101 

SECTION 5.04. Existence; Conduct of Business; Public Health Laws 68101 

SECTION 5.05. Payment of Taxes 69101 

SECTION 5.06. Maintenance
and Ownership of Properties 69102 

SECTION 5.07. Insurance 69102 

SECTION 5.08. Casualty and Condemnation 69102 

SECTION 5.09. Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights 69102 

SECTION 5.10. Compliance with Laws 70103 

SECTION 5.11. Use of Proceeds 70103 

SECTION 5.12. Additional Subsidiaries 70104 

SECTION 5.13. Further Assurances 70104 

SECTION 5.14. Environmental Matters 71104 

SECTION 5.15. Annual Lender Meeting 71105 

SECTION 5.16. Post-Closing Covenants 71105 

SECTION 5.17.
Borrowing Base and Other Deliverables 105 

-ii- 

Page 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 71106 

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 72106 

SECTION 6.02. Liens 74108 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes; Line of Business 75110 

SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 76111 

SECTION 6.05. Asset Sales 78113 

SECTION 6.06. Sale and Leaseback Transactions 79114 

SECTION 6.07. [Reserved] 80114 

SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 80114 

SECTION 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates 81116 

SECTION 6.10. Restrictive Agreements 83117 

SECTION 6.11. Amendment of Material Documents 83118 

SECTION 6.12. Financial Performance Covenants 83118 

SECTION 6.13.
Accounting; Fiscal Year 119 

SECTION 6.14. Swap Agreements 84119 

SECTION 6.15. Changes in Name 84120 

SECTION 6.16. OFAC; Patriot Act 84120 

SECTION 6.17. Issuance or Repurchase of Equity Interests 84120 

SECTION 6.18. Capital Expenditures 84120 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 85120 

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 85120 

SECTION 7.02. Right
to Cure 124 

ARTICLE VIII The Agents 89125 

SECTION 8.01. Appointment 89125 

SECTION 8.02. The Administrative AgentAgents 89126 

SECTION 8.03. Exculpatory Provisions 89126 

SECTION 8.04. Reliance by Administrative AgentAgents 90126 

SECTION 8.05. Notice of Default 90127 

SECTION 8.06. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 90127 

SECTION 8.07. Indemnification 91127 

SECTION 8.08. Agent in Its Individual Capacity of each Agent 91128 

SECTION 8.09. Successor Administrative AgentAgents 91128 

SECTION 8.10. Erroneous Payments 92129 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 93131 

SECTION 9.01. Notices 93131 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 95132 

-iii- 

Page 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 97137 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 99138 

SECTION 9.05. Survival 102142 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 103142 

SECTION 9.07. Severability 103143 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 103143 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 103143 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 104144 

SECTION 9.11. Headings 104144 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 104144 

SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 105145 

SECTION 9.14. USA Patriot Act 105145 

SECTION 9.15. Release of Collateral 105145 

SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 106145 

SECTION 9.17.
Purchase Option 146 

SECTION 9.18.
Agreements of Revolving Lenders and Term Lenders; Subordination 148 

-iv- 

SCHEDULES TO DISCLOSURE LETTER: 

Schedule 
2.01(a) Term Loan Commitments

Schedule 
2.01(b) Designated Account; Revolving Agents Account

Schedule 3.03 No Conflicts

Schedule 3.05 Real Property

Schedule 3.06 Litigation

Schedule 3.07 Compliance with Laws

Schedule 3.12 Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.13 Insurance

Schedule 3.14 Collective Bargaining Agreements

Schedule 3.23 Deposit Accounts and Securities AccountAccounts

Schedule 5.16 Post-Closing Covenants

Schedule 6.01(iii) Effective Date Indebtedness

Schedule 6.01(xiii) Effective Date Non-Loan Party Subsidiary Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02 Liens

Schedule 6.04(iii) Effective Date Investments

Schedule 6.04(xvii) Effective Date Non-Loan Party Subsidiary Investments

Schedule 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule 6.10 Restrictions

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B [Reserved]Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

Exhibit C [Reserved]Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D Form of Perfection Certificate

Exhibit E Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit F Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit G Form of Term Loan Note

Exhibit H [Reserved]

Exhibit I-1-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

Exhibit J Form of Solvency Certificate

-v- 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of September 22, 2022, by and among TEMPUS LABSAI, INC., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Tempus Labs, Inc.) (the Borrower), the Lenders party hereto from time to time, ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent,
and ARES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, and ACF FINCO I LP, as Revolving Agent. 

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders extend credit to the Borrower in the form of (i) Effective Date Term Loans in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $175,000,000, which shall be funded on the Effective Date upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (ii) First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000, which shall be funded on the First Amendment Effective Date upon and
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the First Amendment, and (iii) Second Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $35,000,000, which shall be funded on
the Second Amendment Effective Date upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Second
Amendment.,
(iv) Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $200,000,000, which shall be funded on the Third Amendment Effective Date upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Third
Amendment, and (v) Revolving Commitments in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $100,000,000 which shall be funded in full on the Third Amendment Effective Date (the Third Amendment Effective Date Revolver Draw), upon and
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Third Amendment.

The
proceeds of (a) the Term Loans will be used by the Borrower
(i) for working capital and general corporate purposes, (ii) to finance growth initiatives, (iii) to pay for operating expenses,
and (iv) to pay the Transaction Costs., (v) to pay a
portion of the consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, (vi) to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in connection with (x) the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and (y) the Third
Amendment and (b) the Revolving Loans will be used by the Borrower (i) to pay a portion of the consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, (ii) to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in
connection with (x) the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and (y) the Third Amendment and (iii) for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrower, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

SECTION 1.01.
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

Acceptable Foreign Jurisdiction means Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, Netherlands, France, Austria
and Japan.

Account Debtor means any Person who is obligated to an
Account.

1 

Accounts
means, collectively, (a) any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (b) without duplication, any account (as defined in the UCC), any accounts receivable (whether in the form of
payments for services rendered or goods sold, rents, license fees or otherwise), any health-care-insurance receivables (as defined in the UCC), any payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) and all other rights to payment
and/or reimbursement of every kind and description, whether or not earned by performance, (c) all accounts, general intangibles (as defined in the UCC), Intellectual Property, rights, remedies, Guarantees, supporting
obligations (as defined in the UCC), letter-of-credit rights (as defined in the UCC) and security interests in respect of the foregoing, all rights of enforcement and collection, all books and records evidencing or related to the
foregoing, and all rights under the Loan Documents in respect of the foregoing, (d) all information and data compiled or derived by any Loan Party or to which any Loan Party is entitled in respect of or related to the foregoing, and
(e) all proceeds of any of the foregoing.

ACF means ACF Finco I LP.

Administrative Agent means Ares Capital
Corporation, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under the Loan Documents, and any successor administrative agent. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Agent Indemnitee has
the meaning set forth in Section 8.07. 

Agents means, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent. 

Aggregate Exposure means with respect to any
Lender at any time, an amount equal to (a) until the Effective Date, the aggregate amount of such Lenders Commitments at such time and (b) thereafter, the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lenders Term
Loans.

Aggregate Cap has the meaning set forth in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.

Aggregate Exposure Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) of such Lenders Aggregate Exposure
at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time., collectively, the Revolving Loan Exposure Percentage and the Term Loan Exposure Percentage.

Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be renewed,
extended, modified, supplemented or amended from time to time. 

Annual Financial Statements means the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. 

-2- 

Anti-Corruption Laws all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction
applicable to the Borrower or any Subsidiary from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Anti-Terrorism
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17(a). 

Applicable Rate means: 

(xa) prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the Applicable
Rate as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to the First Amendment and ; 

(yb) from and after the First Amendment Effective Date immediately after
giving effect to the First Amendment, through (but not including) the Third Amendment Effective Date,
for any day with respect to any Term Loans, (ai) for any Interest Period for which the Borrower exercises the PIK
Election,
(iA) 4.00% per annum in the case of a Base Rate Loan or (iiB) 5.00% per annum in the case of a SOFR Loan or (bii) for any Interest Period for which the Borrower exercises the Cash Election, (iA) 6.25% per annum in the case of a Base Rate Loan or (iiB) 7.25% per annum in the case of a SOFR Loan.;

(c) from and
after the Third Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the Third Amendment, for any day with respect to any Term Loans, the applicable rate per annum corresponding with the table set forth below:

Base Rate

Loans 

SOFR

Loans 

For any Interest
Period where the Borrower exercises the PIK Election: 

From and after the
Third Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the Third Amendment until December 31, 2025: 4.00 % 5.00 %

From and after
January 1, 2026: 

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has occurred: 4.00 % 5.00 %

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has not occurred: 4.50 % 5.50 %

For any Interest
Period where the Borrower exercises the Cash Election: 

From and after the
Third Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the Third Amendment until December 31, 2025: 6.25 % 7.25 %

From and after
January 1, 2026 until the financial statements have been delivered for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025: 

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has occurred: 6.25 % 7.25 %

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has not occurred: 6.75 % 7.75 %

From the date the
financial statements have been delivered for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025 until June 30, 2026: 

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has not occurred: 6.75 % 7.75 %

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has occurred, the Applicable Rate shall be in accordance with the First Lien Leverage Ratio based pricing grid set forth below: 

-3- 

Base Rate

Loans 

SOFR

Loans 

First Lien
Leverage Ratio: 

> 5.50 to 1.00
6.25 % 7.25 %

< 5.50 to 1.00
but > 4.50 to 1.00 6.00 % 7.00 %

< 4.50 to
1.00 5.75 % 6.75 %

From and after
July 1, 2026: 

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has not occurred then Applicable Rate shall be in accordance with the First Lien Leverage Ratio based pricing grid set forth below: 

First Lien
Leverage Ratio: 

> 5.50 to
1.00 6.75 % 7.75 %

< 5.50 to 1.00
but > 4.50 to 1.00 6.50 % 7.50 %

< 4.50 to
1.00 6.25 % 7.25 %

If the Junior
Capital Raise Date has occurred, then Applicable Rate shall be in accordance with the First Lien Leverage Ratio based pricing grid set forth below: 

First Lien
Leverage Ratio: 

> 5.50 to
1.00 6.25 % 7.25 %

< 5.50 to 1.00
but > 4.50 to 1.00 6.00 % 7.00 %

< 4.50 to
1.00 5.75 % 6.75 %

Approved
Fund has the meaning set forth in Section
9.04(b).

The Applicable Rate shall be
adjusted quarterly, to the extent applicable, as of the first (1st) Business Day of the month following the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01(b) (including with respect to the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) after the end of each related fiscal quarter based on the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Borrower fails to deliver the financial statements required by Section 5.01(b), and the related Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.01(d), by the respective date required thereunder, the Applicable Rate shall be
the rates corresponding to the First Lien Leverage Ratio of > 5.50 to 1.00 the foregoing table until such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered.

If, as a result of any
restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Loan Parties or for any other reason, the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that (a) the First Lien Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable
date was inaccurate and (b) a proper calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio would have resulted in different pricing for any period, then (i) if the proper calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher
pricing for such period, the Borrower shall automatically and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Lenders (or ratably to their respective assignees as of the date of such payment),
promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent, an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period; and (ii) if the
proper calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio would have resulted in lower pricing for such period, neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to repay any interest or fees to the Borrower;
provided that if, as a result of any restatement or 

-4- 

other event a proper calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio
would have resulted in higher pricing for one or more periods and lower pricing for one or more other periods (due to the shifting of income or expenses from one period to another period or any similar reason), then the amount payable by the
Borrower pursuant to clause (b)(i) above shall be based upon the excess, if any, of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for all applicable periods over the amount of interest and fees paid for all such periods. This paragraph
shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Agent or any Lender, as the case may be, including the rights available under Article II or under Article VII.

(d) from and
after the Third Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the Third Amendment, for any day with respect to any Revolving Loans, (i) 2.75% per annum in the case of a Base Rate Loan or (ii) 3.75% per annum in the
case of a SOFR Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, the Revolving Loans shall not be subject to any PIK Interest and shall be payable solely in cash in accordance with this Agreement.

Approved
Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender or (d) a limited
partner or member of any of the foregoing.

Ares means Ares Capital Corporation.

Assignees has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(b)(i). 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04) and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Availability
means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount that the Borrower is entitled to borrow as Revolving Loans, in each case, under Section 2.01(b) (after giving effect to the then outstanding Revolver Usage).

Available Basket Amount means, as of any date of determination,
(a) without duplication, the net cash proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) and 100% of the aggregate amount of cash contributions to the common capital of the Borrower, in each
case after the Effective Date (in each case, to the extent not earmarked or for any other purposes under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or Not Otherwise Applied), minus (b) the aggregate amount of Investments (including
Permitted Acquisitions and payments in respect of earnouts, milestone and other similar deferred purchase price obligations) and other payments made in respect of the Google Note, in each case, made using the Available Basket Amount on or prior to
such date. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as
applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period
for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, pursuant to this Agreement, in each
case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 2.14. 

-5- 

Average
Revolver Usage means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Revolver Usage for each calendar day in such period (calculated as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of calendar days in such
period.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any
Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with
respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment
firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or,
in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not
result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof; provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in
or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to
reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Base Rate means the greatest
of (a) the Prime Rate appearing in the Money Rates section of The Wall Street Journal or another national publication selected by Agent, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (c) Term SOFR for a one-month
tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00%, in each instance as of such day and (d) 2.00%. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in any of the foregoing shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Rate or Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month. 

Base Rate Borrowing means, when used in reference to any Borrowing, refers to whether the
Loans comprising such Borrowing are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 

Base Rate
Loan means, when used in reference to any Loan, refers
to whether such Loan is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 

Base Rate Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR.

-6- 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that
if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement means, with
respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement
benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for
Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be
deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(1) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event,
the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event,
the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause
(c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with
respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

-7- 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by
or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over
the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that
will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will
be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier
of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the ninetieth
(90th)
day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than
ninety (90) days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement
or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that
a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (b) ending at
the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Board of Directors shall
meanmeans, with respect to any Person, (i) in
the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf 

-8- 

of such board, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, board of directors, manager or managing member of such Person, (iii) in the case of any
partnership, the board of directors or board of managers of the general partner of such Person and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 

Borrower has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Borrowing means Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans, as to
which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing
Base means, at any time, an amount equal to:

(a)the lesser of:

(i)
the Revolving Commitments, and

(ii)
the sum of:

(A)
an amount not to exceed 90% of the aggregate amount
of the result of Eligible Accounts less the Dilution Reserve, if any, at such time; plus

(B)
100% of Qualified Cash in an amount not to exceed
$50,000,000;

less

(b)
without duplication of any Reserves accounted for
pursuant to clause (a)(ii) above, the aggregate amount of all Reserves in effect at such time.

The
Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Revolving Agent in accordance with this Agreement.

Borrowing
Base Certificate means a certificate duly completed and executed by a financial officer of the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Revolving Agent.

Borrowing Request means a written request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.03; provided that a written Borrowing Request shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit E, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for commercial banking business in Chicago, Illinois and New
York, New York; provided, that for purposes of determining the rate of interest applicable to any Loan the reference rate for which utilizes Term SOFR and for any notice periods related to the borrowing or continuation of, or the conversion into, a
SOFR Loan, Business Day shall exclude any day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities. 

Capital Expenditure Carryover Amount has the meaning specifiedset
forth in Section 6.18. 

-9- 

Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period,
the aggregate amount of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as a liability) by such Person during that period for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a Capital Lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to property, plant, or
equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs, and improvements) which should be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Lease means any lease of property which in accordance with GAAP is required to be capitalized on the balance sheet
of the lessee. 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other
amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or tangible personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are, or are required to be, classified and accounted for as capital leases on the balance
sheet of such Person under GAAP; provided, that for all purposes hereunder, any obligations of such Person that would have been treated as operating leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 840 (regardless of whether or not
then in effect) shall be treated as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants, without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 requiring operating leases to be recharacterized or treated as
capital leases. 

Cash
Dominion Event means (i) the occurrence of a Specified Event of Default; (provided that, if such Specified Event of Default is cured, waived or otherwise no longer exists, the Cash Dominion Event shall no longer be deemed to exist
pursuant to this clause (i) until such time as another Specified Event of Default occurs), or (ii) Liquidity being less than the greater of (1) $15,000,000 and (2) 15% of the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount (provided that, if
Liquidity thereafter equals or exceeds the greater of (1) $15,000,000 and (2) 15% of the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days, the Cash Dominion Event shall no longer be deemed to exist
pursuant to this clause (ii) until such time as Liquidity falls below the threshold in this clause (ii) on another occasion; provided, further that, (A) a Cash Dominion Event may not be deemed to have ended under clause (ii) of
this definition on more than three (3) occasions in any period of three hundred sixty-five (365) consecutive days and (B) the expiration of any Cash Dominion Event in accordance with this definition shall not impair the commencement
of any subsequent Cash Dominion Event).

Cash Election has
the meaning
specifiedset
forth in Section 2.13(f)(i). 

Cash
Equivalents means: 

(a)marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof
and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b)marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any
state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest
ratings obtainable from either S&P or Moodys;

(c)commercial paper maturing no more than three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of creation thereof and, at the
time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys;

-10- 

(d)certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits
or bankers acceptances maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any United States branch of a
foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000; 

(e)Deposit Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that
satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation;

(f)repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or any
recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000, having a term of not more than thirty (30) days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above;

(g)debt securities with maturities of six (6) months or less
from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above; and 

(h)Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose
assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above.

Cash
Management Bank has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a).

CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as subsequently amended.

CERCLIS means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System maintained by
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 

Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation
after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for
purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or
issued after the date of this Agreement. 

Change of Control means: 

(a) at any time prior to an IPO, the Permitted Holders, directly or indirectly, shall cease to beneficially own (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) Equity Interests representing more than 50.1% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of the Borrower; 

(b) at any time on or after an IPO, the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3)
or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), but excluding any employee benefit plan and/or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, other than one or more Permitted Holders, in a single
transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business 

-11- 

combination or purchase of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of Equity Interests representing more than 35.0% of the total voting power of all of the
outstanding voting stock of the Borrower; 

(c) Eric Lefkofsky shall cease to have the right or ability by voting
power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower; 

(d) Eric Lefkofsky shall (i) cease to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Borrower and (ii) cease to be a
member of the Board of Directors of the Borrower, in each case within three (3) years of the Effective Date and, in each case, except as a result of his death, disability or incapacitation; or 

(e) the occurrence of a Change of
Control,
as defined in any Material Indebtedness. 

Charges has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.13. 

Claims
Act has the meaning set forth in the definition of Health Care Laws.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to
time. 

Collateral means any and all Collateral,
as defined in any applicable Security Document (which shall include the Mortgaged Properties) and all other property of whatever kind subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a
Lien under any Security Document. 

Collateral Agent means Ares Capital Corporation, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and any Security
Document. 

Collateral Agreement means the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement among the Loan Parties and the
Collateral Agent, dated as of the Effective Date (as amended or supplemented from time to time). 

Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement means the requirement that: 

(a) the Collateral Agent shall have received from each Loan Party
either (i) a counterpart of the Collateral Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party or (ii) in the case of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Effective Date, a supplement to the Collateral Agreement,
in the form specified therein, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party; 

(b) all outstanding Equity
Interests of each wholly
ownedwholly-owned Subsidiary owned directly by any
Loan Party shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement (except that the Loan Parties (i) shall not be required to pledge or otherwise grant security interests in (A) any assets of a direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary or
(B) any assets of any Domestic Subsidiary if substantially all of its assets consist of the Equity Interests or Equity Interests and Indebtedness of (x) one or more direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign
corporations under Section 957 of the Code if any of the dividends of such controlled foreign corporation are not entitled to the dividends received deduction under Section 

-12- 

245A of the Code (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith) or (y) other Domestic Subsidiaries otherwise described in this clause (B) (each, a FSHCO) or
(C) any equity interests (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of (1) a direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of a direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary, (2) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that is treated
as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes if substantially all of its assets consists of the Equity Interests or indebtedness (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of one or more direct or indirect Foreign
Subsidiaries, and (3) that are voting equity interests of (x) any Foreign Subsidiary or (y) any FSHCO, in each case, in excess of 65% of the voting equity interests and 100% of the outstanding non-voting equity interests thereof, and
(ii) shall not be required to make any pledge, the pledge of which would constitute a violation of law or any contract permitted under this Agreement) and the Collateral Agent shall have received certificates or other instruments (if any)
representing all such Equity Interests, together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank; 

(c) all Indebtedness for borrowed money of a Subsidiary in excess of $250,000 that is owing to any Loan Party shall be
evidenced by a promissory note and shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement, and the Collateral Agent shall have received all such promissory notes and other promissory notes required to be delivered pursuant to the Collateral
Agreement, together with undated instruments of transfer with respect thereto; provided, however, that the foregoing delivery requirement with respect to any intercompany indebtedness may be satisfied by delivery of an omnibus or global intercompany
note executed by all Loan Parties as payees and all such obligors as payors; 

(d) all documents and instruments,
including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and control agreements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to be executed, filed, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by the Collateral
Agreement and perfect such Liens to the extent required by the Collateral Agreement, shall have been executed, filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing, registration or recording; and 

(e) the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Mortgaged Property
duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such Mortgaged Property, (ii) a policy or policies of title insurance issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid senior secured
Lien on the Mortgaged Property described therein, free of any other Liens except as expressly permitted by Section 6.02, and such surveys and legal opinions (excluding zoning and land use opinions if the title insurance policy includes a
zoning endorsement), completed Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property and other documents as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request with respect to any such Mortgage or
Mortgaged Property. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any Security Document, (i) no Loan Party shall be required to
pledge or grant security interests in any Excluded Asset (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) and (ii) no perfection steps or other actions or filings outside of the United States shall be required. The Administrative Agent may grant
extensions of time for the perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance or surveys with respect to particular assets (including extensions beyond the Effective Date for the perfection of security interests in the assets of
the Loan Parties on such date) where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this

-13- 

Agreement or the Security Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, Liens required to be
granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in the Security Documents. 

Commitment
means, individually or collectively, the Term Loan
Commitment and/or the Revolving Commitment, as the context may require.

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1
et. seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Competitors means any Person who is not an
Affiliate of a Loan Party and who engages (or whose Affiliate engages), as its primary business, in the same or similar business as the Permitted Business. 

Compliance
Certificate means a certificate duly completed and executed by a financial officer of the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Confidential Disclosure Letter means that certain Confidential Disclosure Letter, dated as of the Effective
Date, and delivered by the Borrower to the Agents. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or
administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of
Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,
timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to
reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent
decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Conforming Revolving Lender DIP Financing has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(b)(ii)(7).

Conforming
Term Lender DIP Financing has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(b)(i)(2)(F).

Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA means, for a specified measurement period, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis equal to:

(a)Consolidated Net Income, plus

-14- 

(b)to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income
for such period, the sum of, without duplication, amounts for:

(i)
total depreciation expense;

(ii)
total amortization expense;

(iii)
Consolidated Interest Expense (net of interest
income);

(iv)provisions for Taxes based on income, profits or capital, plus state, provincial, franchise, property or similar taxes and
foreign withholding taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added taxes, of such Person for such period (including, in each case, penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from tax examinations);

(v)
non-cash charges, expenses or losses (other than
(x) any non-cash item to the extent it represents an accrual of, or reserve for, anticipated cash expenditures in any future period and (y) any non-cash item relating to write-downs, write-offs or reserves with respect to accounts
receivable or inventory);

(vi)losses associated with the extinguishment of Indebtedness;

(vii)
any non-cash increase in expenses due to purchase
accounting associated with the transactions contemplated by the Third Amendment;

(viii)
to the extent not adjusted in the definition of
Consolidated Net Income, any unrealized gain or loss due solely to fluctuations in currency values;

(ix)
extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges,
expenses or losses;

(x)the amount of fees, costs and expenses paid to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement, any
other Loan Documents or agreements with respect to any Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement, including any amendments, waivers or other modifications to any of the foregoing;

(xi)
to the extent actually reimbursed in cash from
insurance proceeds and deducted from Consolidated Net Income, the amount of expenses for such period with respect to any business interruption, liability, casualty or other events of loss covered by an insurance policy;

(xii)
fees, costs and expenses in connection with any
actual or proposed (A) issuance, repayment (including breakage fees and any unamortized fees, costs and expenses paid in cash in connection with such repayment), amendment, negotiation, modification, restatement, waiver, forbearance or other
transaction cost related to Indebtedness (including any refinancing of Indebtedness), (B) issuance of Equity Interests permitted hereunder, (C) Permitted Acquisitions and other similar Investments permitted hereunder, (D) Restricted
Payment permitted hereunder or (E) Disposition permitted hereunder, in each case, whether or not consummated or successful;

(xiii)
the amount of any restructuring costs, integration
costs, business optimization expenses or costs, retention, recruiting, relocation and signing bonuses and expenses, location closing costs, severance costs and transaction fees and expenses; and

(xiv)
solely for purposes of determining compliance with
the First Lien Leverage Ratio required under Section 6.12(c), the Leverage Cure Amount, if any, received by the Borrower in accordance with Section 7.02(b);

-15- 

provided, however, that the
amounts in the foregoing clauses (b)(ix), (b)(x), (b)(xi), (b)(xii) and (b)(xiii), shall not exceed in the aggregate 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (the Aggregate Cap) (before giving effect to any of the amounts that may be added
back pursuant to the foregoing clause (b)); provided further, that for purposes of determining the First Lien Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including any component definition thereof) shall be determined on a pro forma
basis.

Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of
Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by Collateral that does not rank junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations.

Consolidated
Interest Expense means, for any specified measurement period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum of: (a) all interest expense in respect of Indebtedness (including,
without limitation, the interest component of any payments in respect of Capital Lease Obligations) accrued or capitalized during such period (whether or not actually paid during such period), plus (b) the net amount payable (or minus the net
amount receivable) in respect of hedging obligations relating to interest during such period (whether or not actually paid or received during such period).

Consolidated
Net Income means, for any specified measurement period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (i) the income (or loss) of any
Person (other than consolidated Subsidiaries of the Borrower) in which any Person (other than the Borrower or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries) has a joint ownership interest or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, except to
the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Borrower or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries by such Person during such specified measurement period, (ii) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to
the date it becomes a consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries or such Persons assets are acquired by the Borrower or any of its consolidated
Subsidiaries, except where such calculation is required to be made on a pro forma basis, (iii) the income of any consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than a Loan Party) to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or
similar distributions by that consolidated Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule, governmental regulation applicable to
that consolidated Subsidiary or would require governmental (including regulatory) consent; provided, further that, the income (or loss) of any consolidated Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than a Loan Party) shall not be excluded from this
definition to the extent governmental (including regulatory) consent has been received for the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that consolidated Subsidiary of its income, (iv) the net income for such measurement
period shall not include the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such measurement period, whether effected through a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application in each case in accordance with GAAP,
(v) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) in such Persons consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and
equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue and debt line items thereof) resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in
relation to any consummated Permitted Acquisition or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, shall be excluded, and (vi) any net after-tax income (loss) from disposed or discontinued operations (but if such
operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are being held for sale or are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of) and any net after-tax
gains or losses on disposal of disposed or discontinued operations shall be excluded.

-16- 

Consolidated
Total Debt means the outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness of the types described in clauses (a), (b), (d), (f) (to the extent such guarantee is of Indebtedness of the types described in clauses (a) and (b)), (g),
(h) and (j) of the definition of Indebtedness, including guarantees of the foregoing in each case of the Loan Parties, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt,
Consolidated Total Debt shall exclude, without limitation, any hedging obligations, lease obligations in connection with any sale leaseback transaction, undrawn letters of credit, and earnout obligations to the extent not then due and
payable and not recognized as a debt on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Control Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Controlled
Deposit Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement.

Controlled
Securities Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement.

Credit Party means each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Revolving Agent and the Lenders. 

Cure Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02.

Cure Right has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02.

Declined Proceeds has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.11(l). 

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or which upon
notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.21, any Lender that (a) has failed,
within two (2) Business Days of the date required to
be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent
in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the
Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend
credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business
Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund
prospective Loans, provided that the Administrative Agent may, by notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders, declare that such Defaulting Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative
Agents receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or (e) has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. 

-17- 

Defaulting
Lender Rate means (a) for the first three (3) days from and after the date the relevant payment is due, the Prime Rate, and (b) thereafter, the interest rate then applicable to Loans as if the Prime Rate were applicable
thereto.

Deposit Account Control Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement.

Designated
Account means the Deposit Account of the Borrower identified on Schedule 2.01(b) as a Designated Account (or such other Deposit Account of the Borrower located at Designated Account Bank that has been designated as such, in
writing, by the Borrower to Collateral Agent).

Designated Account Bank means the depositary institution shown on Schedule 2.20 which maintains the Designated
Account of the Borrower (or such other bank that is located within the United States that has been designated as such, in writing, by the Borrower to Collateral Agent).

Dilution
means, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience during any prior period selected from time to time by Revolving Agent in its sole discretion, that is the result of dividing the dollar amount of (a) bad debt
write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items with respect to Loan Parties Accounts during such period, by (b) Loan Parties billings with respect to Accounts during such period.

Dilution
Reserve means, as of any date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against Eligible Accounts by one (1) percentage point for each incremental whole percentage point by which Dilution is in excess of
5.00%.

DIP Financing has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(b).

Disposition has the meaning set forth in Section 6.05. 

Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it
is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case, at the option of the holder of the Equity Interest), or upon the happening of any event, matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or
is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder of the Equity Interest, in whole or in part, other than in each case solely in exchange for Qualified Equity Interests (and cash
in lieu of fractional shares), on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the
Term Loan Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (w) any Equity Interest that
would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because the holders of the Equity Interest have the right to require the Borrower or the Subsidiary that issued such Equity Interest to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a
change of control or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests if the terms of such Equity Interest provide that the Borrower may not
repurchase such Equity Interest unless the Borrower would be permitted to do so in compliance with
Section 6.08any such requirement becomes operative only after, or payment thereunder is subject to
the prior, repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments, (x) any Equity Interest that would constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests solely as a result of any redemption feature that is conditioned upon, and subject to, compliance with Section 6.08 will not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, (y) any Equity Interest issued to any plan
for the benefit of employees will not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or the Subsidiary that issued such Equity Interest in order to satisfy applicable statutory or
regulatory obligations and (z) any class of Equity Interests of such Person that by its terms requires or
permits such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder 

-18- 

by delivery of Qualified Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Equity Interests. The amount of Disqualified Equity Interests deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of
this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may become obligated to pay upon the maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Equity Interests, exclusive of accrued
dividends. 

Disqualified Institution means (a) any competitor of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries identified in
writing by or on behalf of the Borrower to (i) the Lead Arranger prior to the Effective Date or (ii) the Administrative Agent from time to time after the Effective Date with the written consent of the Administrative Agent (in its sole
discretion), (b) those particular banks, financial institutions, other institutional lenders and other Persons identified by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lead Arranger in writing (as provided herein) (x) prior to the Effective Date
(or related funds of any such Persons) or (y) after the Effective Date with the written consent of the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) and (c) any Affiliate of the entities described in the preceding clauses (a) or
(b) that are either (w) reasonably identifiable as such on the basis of their name or (x) are identified as such in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower to (i) the Lead Arranger prior to the Effective Date or (ii) the
Administrative Agent from time to time after the Effective Date (other than, in each case, Affiliates that constitute bona fide debt funds primarily investing in loans); provided that any Person that is a Lender or a Participant and
subsequently becomes a Disqualified Institution (but was not a Disqualified Institution at the time it became a Lender or a Participant, as applicable) shall be deemed to not be a Disqualified Institution hereunder (in the case of any such
Participant that is not a Lender, solely with respect to the participations held by such Participant). The identity of Disqualified Institutions may be disclosed (i) by the Administrative Agent to a Lender upon request and (ii) by any
Lender to any prospective Lender, Participant or Eligible Assignee, subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such prospective Lender, Participant or Eligible Assignee that the identity of Disqualified Institutions is being disseminated on a
confidential basis and that such prospective Lender, Participant or Eligible Assignee shall be bound by the same confidentiality restrictions as those applicable to the Lender making such communication, but will not be otherwise posted or
distributed to any Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce,
compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions and (b) the Borrower (on behalf of themselves and the other Loan Parties) and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall have no
responsibility or obligation to determine whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution and that the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to a Disqualified
Institution. 

dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America, any
State thereof or the District of Columbia. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its
parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

-19- 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any
Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means September 22, 2022. 

Effective Date Term Lender means, at any time, any
Term Lender that has an Effective Date Term Loan Commitment or an
outstanding Effective Date Term Loan. 

Effective Date Term Loan Commitments means, with respect to each
Effective Date Term Lender, such Effective Date Term Lenders Term Loan Commitment to make an Effective Date Term Loan hereunder on the Effective Date as set forth on Schedule 2.01(a) opposite such Effective Date Term Lenders name under the heading Effective
Date Term Loan Commitment, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount
of the Effective Date Term Loan to be made by such Effective Date Term Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and as amended to reflect assignments. Unless the context shall otherwise require, the term
Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall include any commitment to Replacement Term Loans of such
Effective Date Term Lender. The aggregate amount of the
Effective Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Effective Date is $175,000,000. 

Effective Date Term Loans has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a)(i).

Eligible
Accounts means, subject to the criteria below, an account receivable of a Loan Party, which was generated in the Ordinary Course of Business, which was generated originally in the name of a Loan Party and not acquired via assignment or
otherwise. The net amount of an Eligible Account at any time shall be the face amount of such Eligible Account as originally billed minus all cash collections and other proceeds of such Account received from or on behalf of the Account Debtor
thereunder as of such date and any and all returns, rebates, discounts, credits, allowances or excise taxes of any nature at any time issued, owing, claimed by Account Debtors, granted, outstanding or payable in connection with such Accounts at such
time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Account shall be an Eligible Account if:

(a)
the Account remains unpaid (i) more than one
hundred twenty (120) days past the claim or invoice date or (ii) more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the applicable goods or services have been rendered or delivered;

(b)
the Account is subject to any defense, set-off,
recoupment, counterclaim, deduction, discount, credit, chargeback, freight claim, allowance, or adjustment of any kind (but only to the extent of such defense, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, deduction, discount, credit, chargeback, freight
claim, allowance, or adjustment), or the applicable Loan Party is not able to bring suit or otherwise enforce its remedies against the Account Debtor through judicial process;

(c)
if the Account arises from the sale of goods, any
part of any goods the sale of which has given rise to the Account has been returned, rejected, lost, or damaged (but only to the extent that such goods have been so returned, rejected, lost or damaged);

(d)
if the Account arises from the sale of goods, the
sale was not an absolute, bona fide sale, or the sale was made on consignment or on approval or on a sale-or-return or bill-and-hold or progress billing basis, or the sale was made subject to any other repurchase or return agreement, or the goods
have not been shipped to the Account Debtor or its designee or the sale was not made in compliance with the applicable Requirements of Law;

-20- 

(e)
if the Account arises from the performance of
services, the services have not actually been performed or the services were undertaken in violation of any Requirement of Law or the Account represents a progress billing for which services have not been fully and completely rendered;

(f)
the Account is subject to a Lien (other than Liens
permitted under Section 6.02), or the Collateral Agent does not have a first priority, perfected Lien on such Account (other than Eligible Government Accounts);

(g)
the Account is evidenced by Chattel Paper or an
Instrument of any kind, or has been reduced to judgment, unless such Chattel Paper or Instrument has been delivered to the Collateral Agent;

(h)
the Account Debtor is an Affiliate or Subsidiary of
a Loan Party, or if the Account Debtor holds any Indebtedness of a Loan Party;

(i)
more than 50% of the aggregate balance of all
Accounts owing from the Account Debtor obligated on the Account are ineligible under subclause (a)(i) above (in which case all Accounts from such Account Debtor shall be ineligible);

(j)
any covenant, representation or warranty contained
in the Loan Documents with respect to such Account has been breached in any material respect (with respect to covenants) or is incorrect in any material respect (with respect to representations and warranties);

(k)
the Account is unbilled or has not been invoiced to
the Account Debtor in accordance with the procedures and requirements of the applicable Account Debtor;

(l)
other than Eligible Government Accounts, the
Account is an obligation of an Account Debtor that is the federal, state or local government or any political subdivision thereof, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Revolving Agent or the applicable Loan Party assigns its right to payment of
such Account to Revolving Agent pursuant to the federal Assignment of Claims Act (to the extent applicable) and has otherwise complied with applicable statutes or ordinances necessary for Revolving Agent or the Lenders to enforce their rights and
collect amounts due in respect of such Account;

(m)the Account is an obligation of an Account Debtor that has suspended business, made a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, is unable to pay its debts as they become due or as to which a petition has been filed (voluntary or involuntary) under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or the Account is an Account as to
which any facts, events or occurrences exist which could reasonably be expected to impair the validity, enforceability or collectability of such Account or reduce the amount payable or delay payment thereunder;

(n)
except for Specified Foreign Account Debtors, the
Account Debtor has its principal place of business or executive office outside the United States;

(o)
the Account is payable in a currency other than
United States dollars;

-21- 

(p)
the Account Debtor is an individual;

(q)
(i) except with respect to Eligible Government
Accounts, and except to the extent that Account Debtors are already paying into a Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control Agreement, the Loan Party owning such Account has not delivered notices directing the Account Debtors to make
payment to the applicable Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control Agreement, and (ii) in the case of an Eligible Government Account, the Loan Party owning such Account has not delivered notices directing the Account Debtor to
make payment to a zero balance account that sweeps daily to a Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control Agreement;

(r)
the Account includes late charges or finance
charges (but only such portion of the Account shall be ineligible);

(s)
[reserved];

(t)
the Account or Account Debtor fails to meet such
other specifications and requirements which may from time to time be established by Revolving Agent in its Permitted Discretion;

(u)
Accounts owed by an Account Debtor or an Affiliate
of an Account Debtor, regardless of whether or otherwise eligible, to the extent that the aggregate balance of such Accounts exceeds twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate amount of all Eligible Accounts; provided, that, in each case, the amount
of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage or amount, as applicable, shall be determined by Revolving Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect
to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit; or

(v)
Government Accounts solely to the extent such
Accounts do not constitute Eligible Government Accounts.

Eligible
Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(a). 

Eligible Government Accounts means (i) all Medicare Advantage Accounts and (ii) such other Government
Accounts that have been approved by the Ares investment committee following satisfactory completion of related diligence and satisfactory changes to the Loan Parties existing cash management construct.

Environmental Laws means all laws (including the common law), rules,
regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to pollution or the protection of the environment,
preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the presence, management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, or to health and safety matters relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials in the workplace. 

Environmental Liability means liabilities, obligations, damages, claims, actions, suits, judgments, orders, fines,
penalties, fees, expenses and costs (including administrative oversight costs, natural resource damages and medical monitoring, investigation or remediation costs), whether contingent or otherwise, arising out of or relating to any actual or alleged
failure to comply with Environmental Law, including with respect to (a) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (b) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, or (c) the
Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials. 

-22- 

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number,
license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock,
partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
acquire any such equity interest from the issuer thereof, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such shares or other such equity interests unless such debt securities are converted into such shares or other such equity interests. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from
time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the
Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, including Section 414(m) and (o) of the Code solely for purposes of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA. 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event,
as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty (30) day notice period is waived), (b) a failure to satisfy the
minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived, (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the
minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan, (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA,
with respect to the termination of any Plan, (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any written notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to
administer any Plan, (f) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice relating to the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal
from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, concerning a
determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or that a Multiemployer Plan is in critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the
Code or Section 305 of ERISA; or (h) the occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Erroneous Payment has the meaning
specifiedset
forth in Section 8.118.10(a). 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning specifiedset
forth in Section 8.118.10(d). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.01. 

-23- 

Excess Net Proceeds has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.11(c). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Excluded
Accounts has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement.

Excluded Assets has the meaning set
forthassigned to such term in the Collateral
Agreement. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation, if, and to the
extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule,
regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as
defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender its applicable lending office located in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of
a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender
acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant
to Section 2.17(a), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.17(f), and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Executive Order has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17(a). 

Extraordinary
Advances has the meaning set forth therefor in Section 2.04(b)(iii).

Fair Market Value
means, the value that would be paid by a willing buyer to an
unaffiliated willing seller in a transaction not involving distress or necessity of either party, determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Borrower. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreements, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FDA means the Federal Food and Drug Administration. 

-24- 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB
based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding business dayBusiness
Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate,; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than
zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of calculating such rate. 

Fee Letter means the Fee
Letter, dated as of the Effective
DateNovember 4, 2024, by and between the
Administrative Agent, the Revolving Agent, the Lead Arranger,and the Borrower and the Lenders party thereto. 

Field
Exams has the meaning set forth in Section 5.09(b).

Financial
Officer means the chief financial officer, chief executive officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower (or other officer with equivalent duties), in each case in his or her capacity as such. 

Financial Performance Covenants means the covenants of the Borrower set forth in Section 6.12. 

First Amendment means that certain Limited Waiver and First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment
Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and the Lenders party thereto (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the First Amendment Effective Date Term
Lenders). 

First Amendment Effective Date means April 25, 2023. 

First Amendment Effective Date Term Lender means, at any time, any Term Lender that has a First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan
Commitment or an outstanding First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan. 

First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan
Commitments means, with respect to each First Amendment Effective Date Term Lender, such First Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders Term Loan Commitment to make a First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan hereunder on the First
Amendment Effective Date as set forth on Schedule 2.01(a)
opposite such First Amendment Effective Date Term
Lenders name under the heading First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount
of the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to be made by such First Amendment Effective Date
Term Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and as amended to reflect assignments. Unless the context shall otherwise
require, the term First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall include any commitment to Replacement Term Loans of such
Term Lender. The aggregate amount of the First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loan Commitments as of the First Amendment Effective Date is $50,000,000. 

First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(ba)(ii). 

First Amendment Make WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.12(c)(i). 

-25- 

First
Lien Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any measurement date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently completed four (4) fiscal quarter period for which
financial statements have been delivered and ended prior to such date.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc.

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.00%
per annum. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is
located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.

Funding Date
means the date on which a Borrowing occurs.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect from time to time; provided, however, that if
the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such
provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the
application thereof, then, upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice
shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used in this Agreement shall be construed, and all computations
of amounts and ratios referred to in this Agreement shall be made without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825Financial Instruments, or any successor thereto or comparable accounting principle
(including pursuant to the Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (b) the amount of any Indebtedness under GAAP with respect to Capital
Lease Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Capital Lease Obligations. 

Google Note
means that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of June 22, 2020, issued by the Borrower to Google LLC. 

Government Accounts means collectively, any and all Accounts which are (a) Medicare Accounts, (b) Medicaid
Accounts, (c) TRICARE Accounts, (d) Accounts pertaining to Indian Health Services, the Department of Defense, Veteran Administration, or (e) any other Account payable by a Governmental Authority acceptable to the Revolving Agent in its Permitted
Discretion.

-26- 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of
America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory
or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners). For avoidance of doubt, the term Governmental
Authority includes any and all Public Health Regulatory Agencies. 

Guarantee of or by any Person (the
guaranteeing person) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guaranteeing person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the
primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of)
such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of
such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such
Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party or applicant in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation, provided that the term Guarantee shall not
include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Effective Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted
under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness) or product warranty obligations. The amount of any Guarantee of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which the Guarantee is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee. 

Guarantors means the collective reference to the Subsidiary Loan Parties. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive, radioactive, infectious, chemical, biological, medical or toxic materials, and all
other chemicals, materials, substances, wastes, pollutants or contaminants in any form, including petroleum or petroleum byproducts, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas and all other materials, substances
or wastes of any nature, in each case to the extent regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

Health Care Laws
means all applicable federal and state laws, rules or regulations pertaining to clinical laboratory services, including (i) the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), Sections 1320a-7 and 1320a-7a of Title 42 of the United
States Code, the Physician Self- Referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn and 1396(s)), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, including without limitation the Beneficiary Inducement Statute (42 U.S.C.
1320a-7a), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), or any regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes, or similar state or local statutes or regulations (the Claims Act); (ii) the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub. L. No. 104-191) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, (42 U.S.C. 17921, et seq.) and the regulations promulgated thereunder and similar state or
local statutes or regulations governing the privacy or security of patient information (collectively, HIPAA); (iii) Medicare
(Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (iv) Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act) and the regulations promulgated thereunder as well as comparable state Medicaid statutes and regulations;
(v) all 

-27- 

applicable licensure, permitting or certification laws and regulations and (vi) any and all other applicable federal and state clinical laboratory services laws, rules and regulations,
including those related to the submission of false claims, fee-splitting, kickbacks, and self-referrals. 

Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under
conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable and
accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all obligations of others secured by (or for which the holder of such obligations has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned
or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited, in the event such secured obligations are nonrecourse to such Person, to the fair value of such property, (f) all Guarantees by such
Person of the Indebtedness of any other Person, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person to the extent drawn and unreimbursed and all reimbursement
or payment obligations with respect to surety bonds and other similar instruments issued by such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and (j) all Disqualified Equity
Interests of such Person valued, as of the date of determination, at the greater of (i) the maximum aggregate amount that would be payable upon maturity, redemption, repayment or repurchase thereof (or of Disqualified Equity Interests or
Indebtedness into which such Disqualified Equity Interests is convertible or exchangeable) and (ii) the maximum liquidation preference of such Disqualified Equity Interests (excluding accrued dividends that have not increased the liquidation
preference of such Disqualified Equity Interests). The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor
as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
Indebtedness shall not include (i) post-closing payment adjustments, earn-outs or non-compete payments to which the seller in any Permitted Acquisition is or may become entitled until such obligations are due and payable,
(ii) amounts that any member of management, the employees or consultants of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries may become entitled to under any cash incentive plan in existence from time to time (iii) contingent obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business or in respect of operating leases and not in respect of borrowed money, (iv) deferred or prepaid revenues, (v) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy
warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective seller, (vi) current liabilities due to affiliates in connection with cash management arrangements in the ordinary course of business, or (vii) Non-Financing Lease Obligations.

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.03(b). 

Information has the meaning set forth in Section 9.12. 

Intellectual
Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement.

Interest Election Request means a written request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Term Loan Borrowing in
accordance with Section 2.07, provided that a written Interest Election Request shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit F, or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

-28- 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan,
the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (b) with respect to any SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part. 

Interest Period means, with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending
on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is three months thereafter, provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business
Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period (c) no Interest
Period applicable to a Term Loan or a portion thereof shall extend beyond any date upon which any scheduled principal payment in respect of such Term Loan is due unless the aggregate principal amount of such Term Loan represented by Base Rate
Borrowings or SOFR Borrowings having Interest Periods that will expire on or prior to such date is equal to or in excess of the amount of such principal payment, (d) no tenor removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14
shall be available and (e) no Interest period shall extend beyond the Term Loanapplicable Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing
initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Investment means with respect to any Person, all direct or indirect investments by such Person in other Persons (including
Affiliates) in the forms of loans (including Guarantees or other obligations), advances or capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, current receivables due from affiliates in connection with cash
management arrangements and commission, travel, relocation and similar advances to officers and employees, in each case made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or
other securities, together with all items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment at any time shall be the amount actually
invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent changes in the value of such Investment, net of any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount received in cash by the Borrower or a
Subsidiary in respect of such Investment. 

Investment
Grade means, in respect of any Person as of any date of determination, such Persons securities are rated BBB- or better by S&P or Fitch or Baa3 or better by Moodys (or rated with an equivalent rating from another rating agency
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), in each case, as of such date of determination.

IP Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 3.19. 

IPO means a bona fide underwritten initial public offering of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect
parent of the Borrower after the Effective Date. 

Junior
Capital Raise Date means the date upon which the Borrower has raised an aggregate principal amount of at least $75,000,000 (measured on an aggregate basis with respect to all

-29- 

proceeds received from and after the Third Amendment Effective
Date) of subordinated junior Indebtedness, in form and substance and on terms and provisions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and/or Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); provided, that, if in the form of
subordinated junior Indebtedness (such subordinated junior Indebtedness, the Proposed Subordinated Debt), such Proposed Subordinated Debt shall (i) be unsecured, with cash pay of no more than 3.00% per annum, (ii) have a
maturity date of no earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days outside of the Maturity Date and (iii) shall be subject to a subordination agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided,
further, to the extent such date does not occur on or prior to June 30, 2026, then the Junior Capital Raise Date shall be deemed to not occur.

Lenders means the banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (including
any Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption) other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Leverage
Cure Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(b).

Leverage Cure Right has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(b).

Liabilities shall meanmeans any and all Indebtedness, Taxes, liabilities, and obligations, whether known or unknown, accrued or fixed, or absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured or determined or reasonably determinable. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance,
charge or security interest in, on or of such asset or other arrangement to provide priority or preference with respect to such asset or (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title
retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset; provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed a Lien. 

Liquidity means, at any time, the sum
of, without duplication, (x) Availability (excluding any Availability as a result of including Qualified Cash in
the Borrowing Base), plus (y) unrestricted cash and cash equivalentsCash Equivalents of the Borrower plus the unrestricted cash and cash equivalentsCash
Equivalents of the Subsidiaries (all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower) of the Borrower with respect to which the Administrative Agent
has a first priority perfected Lien pursuant to a Control Agreement(excluding any Qualified Cash in the Borrowing Base for which the Borrower has utilized for outstanding Revolver
Usage).

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the
promissory notes, if any, executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.09(e), the Fee Letter, the Collateral Agreement and the other Security Documents. 

Loan Parties means the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties. 

Loans means the Term Loans made by
the, any Revolving Loan, Swingline Advance or Extraordinary Advance made (or to be made) by the
applicable Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 

Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(ii). 

-30- 

Make-Whole Premium means: 

(x) with respect to any prepayment of Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and the ThirdAmendment Effective Date Term Loans), the excess of (a) the
present value as of the date of such prepayment of (i) the prepayment price of the Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) being prepaid at the first anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date,
in the amount of 105% of the principal amount of the Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans
and the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) being
prepaid,and (ii) the amount of interest that would have been
payable on the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term
Loans and the ThirdAmendment Effective Date Term
Loans) being prepaid, repaid, or accelerated if such principal amount had been outstanding from the date of prepayment, repayment, or acceleration through the first anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date (excluding interest accrued prior
to such prepayment date) over (b) the principal amount of the Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans)and the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) being prepaid; provided that the Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Term Loans (other than the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) may in no event be
less than zero; and 

(y) with respect to any prepayment of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, the
excess of (a) the present value as of the date of such prepayment of (i) the prepayment price of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans being prepaid at the first anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date, in
the amount of 105% of the principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans being prepaid,and (ii) the amount of interest that would have been
payable on the aggregate principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans being prepaid, repaid, or accelerated if such principal amount had been outstanding from the date of prepayment, repayment, or acceleration through the first
anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date (excluding interest accrued prior to such prepayment date) over (b) the principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans being prepaid; provided that the Make-Whole Premium
applicable to the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans may in no event be less than zero. 

For purposes of this definition, present
value with respect to each of clauses (x)(a)(i), (x)(a)(ii), (y)(a)(i) and (y)(a)(ii) hereof shall be computed using a discount rate applied quarterly equal to the Treasury Rate as of such prepayment date plus 50 basis points. For the
avoidance of doubt, (i) all PIK Interest capitalized to principal of the Term Loans is to be included in the Make-Whole Premium, and (ii) the calculation of interest
in clausewith respect
to the Term Loans in clauses (x)(a)(ii) and (y)(b)(ii) above shall be calculated without PIK Interest for any period for which the Borrower has exercised the Cash Election. 

Material
Acquisition means the acquisition of a Person (or Subsidiary, line of business or division of a Person) that involves the payment of consideration by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in excess of $25,000,000.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, operations, assets, properties, contingent liabilities or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform any obligation under any Loan Document or (c) the
rights of or benefits available to the Lenders and Agents under any Loan Document or the ability of the Agents and the Lenders to enforce the Loan Documents. 

-31- 

Material Disposition
means a Disposition that involves the payment of consideration in excess of $25,000,000.

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements,
of any one or more of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $10,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of any Loan Party in respect of any Swap Agreement
at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that such Loan Party would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 

Material Real Property means (i) the real property owned by any Loan Party identified on Schedule 3.05, and
(ii) any other real estate owned (but not leased) by a Loan Party located in the United States having a Fair Market Value in excess of
$5,000,000; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the real property located at 7
Argonaut, Aliso Viejo, California 92656 shall not constitute Material Real Property at any time.

Material Regulatory Liabilities means (i) any claims, actions, suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability, fines or
penalties arising from the violation of Public Health Laws, other applicable laws, or the terms, conditions of or requirements applicable to any Registrations (including costs of actions required under applicable law, including Public Health Laws,
or necessary to remedy any violation of any terms or conditions applicable to any Registrations) and (ii) any net loss of recurring annual revenues as a result of any loss, suspension or limitation of any Registrations, which, in the case of
the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), exceeds $10,000,000, individually or in the aggregate. 

Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to the
latest to mature of any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan, any Revolving Commitment or Revolving Loan, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to
time.

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.13. 

Maximum Revolving
Commitment Amount means $100,000,000, in each case decreased by the amount of reductions in the Revolving Commitments made in accordance with Section 2.08(b).

Medicaid
means that means-tested entitlement program under Title XIX of the Social Security Act, which provides federal grants to states for medical assistance based on specific eligibility criteria, as set forth at
Section 1396, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.

Medicaid
Account means an Account payable pursuant to an agreement entered into between a state agency or other entity administering Medicaid in such state and a healthcare facility or physician under which the healthcare facility or physician agrees
to provide services or supplies for Medicaid patients.

Medicare means that government-sponsored entitlement program under Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act, which provides for a health insurance system for eligible individuals, as set forth at
Section 1395, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.

-32- 

Medicare Account
means an Account payable pursuant to an agreement entered into between a state agency or other entity administering Medicare in such state and a healthcare facility or physician under which the healthcare facility or physician agrees to provide
services or supplies for Medicare patients.

Medicare Advantage means an insurance policy offered by a private insurance carrier that has contracted with
Medicare to provide coverage with respect to certain Medicare services, which may also be commonly referred to in the industry as a Part C plan or MA Plus Plan.

Medicare
Advantage Account means a medical savings Account payable pursuant to Medicare Advantage.

Minimum Liquidity Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 6.12(a). 

Minimum Revolving
Interest Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(h).

Monthly Financial Statements means the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash
flows of the Borrower for each month ended after July 31, 2022 and at least thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents or other security document granting a Lien on any
Mortgaged Property to secure the Obligations. Each Mortgage shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent. 

Mortgaged Property means each parcel of or other interests in real property owned by a Loan Party and improvements thereto
owned by a Loan Party with respect to which a Mortgage is granted pursuant to Section 4.01, 5.12 or 5.13. In no event shall Mortgaged Property include, nor shall any Loan Party be obligated to grant a Mortgage with respect
to any property that does not constitute Material Real Property. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as
defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions. 

Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds actually received in respect of such event
including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise,
but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds but only as and when received and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar
payments actually received, net of (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties in connection with such event (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees, investment banking fees,
survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant, accountant and other
customary fees), (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), (X) the amount of all payments required
to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) secured by such asset, in the case of any such sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset of a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, the amount of any repayments of
Indebtedness 

-33- 

of such Subsidiary other than intercompany Indebtedness made with the proceeds of such sale, transfer or other disposition and (Y) in the event that a Subsidiary makes a pro rata payment of
dividends to all of its stockholders from any cash proceeds, the amount of dividends paid to any stockholder other than the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that any cash proceeds of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset
by a Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Loan Party that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on repatriation to the Borrower will not be considered Net Proceeds for so long as such proceeds are subject to such restrictions;
provided, however, that any such contractual restrictions on repatriation were not entered into in contemplation of such sale, transfer or other disposition of assets and (iii) the amount of all Taxes paid (or reasonably estimated
to be payable), including any withholding taxes and other taxes reasonably estimated to be payable in connection with the repatriation of such Net Proceeds from a Foreign Subsidiary (or through a chain of Foreign Subsidiaries and Domestic
Subsidiaries) and the amount of any reserves established to fund liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred, the next succeeding year, or any year in which an installment payment in
connection with such event is received and that, in each case, are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer). 

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(b). 

Non-Financing Lease Obligation means a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a financing or capital
lease on both the balance sheet and the income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, FASB ASC 842). For the avoidance of doubt, a straight-line or operating lease shall be considered a
Non- Financing Lease Obligation. 

Not Otherwise Applied means, with reference to the amount of any capital
contributions, Net Proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests that is proposed to be applied to a particular use or transaction, that such amount was not previously applied in determining the permissibility of a transaction under the Loan
Documents where such permissibility was (or may have been) contingent on the receipt or availability of such amount. 

Note means the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. 

NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA. 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Obligations has the meaning set forth in the Collateral Agreement and shall include any Make Whole/Prepayment Fee
AmountPremium and Erroneous Payment Subrogation
Rights. 

OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17(b)(v). 

Ordinary
Course of Business means, in respect of any transaction involving any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, the ordinary course of such Loan Partys or Subsidiarys business and undertaken by such Person in good faith and not for purposes
of evading any covenant or restriction in any Loan Document.

Other
Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax other than connections arising solely from (and that would not
have existed but for) such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document. 

-34- 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future recording, stamp,
documentary, transfer, sales, property or similar Taxes, charges or levies arising from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to,
any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19(b)). 

Overadvance
means, as of any date of determination, that the Revolver Usage is greater than any of the limitations set forth in Section 2.01(b) or Section 2.02.

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(e). 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(e). 

Payment Recipient has the meaning
specifiedset
forth in Section 8.118.10(a). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing
similar functions. 

Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit D or any other form
approved by the Collateral Agent. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of
Term
SOFR.

Permitted Acquisition means purchases or other
acquisitions by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the Equity Interests in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Subsidiary of the Borrower (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) or all or substantially all of
the assets of, or assets constituting one or more business units of, any Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will constitute assets of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that, with respect to each such purchase or
other acquisition: 

(a) all transactions related to such purchase or acquisition shall be consummated in all material
respects in accordance with all applicable laws; 

(b) in the case of any acquisition the aggregate upfront
consideration for which exceeds $10,000,000, the Borrower shall (i) give the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days (or such later date as is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) prior written notice of any such
purchase or acquisition and (ii) provide the Administrative Agent with a diligence memorandum in reasonable detail, historical financial statements and reports, and a buy-side quality of earnings report if applicable (and if such consideration
equals or is less than $10,000,000, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with items described in this clause (ii) in any event to the extent available); 

(c) in the case of any acquisition the aggregate upfront consideration for which exceeds $10,000,000, the Borrower shall
provide to the Administrative Agent drafts of the acquisition documents at least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of such acquisition or such shorter period as is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (with updates and executed
copies thereof provided to Administrative Agent as soon as available); 

-35- 

(d) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent as soon as
available but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days (or such later date as is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after the execution thereof, a copy of any executed purchase agreement or similar
agreement with respect to any such purchase or acquisition; 

(e) any such newly-created or acquired Subsidiary, or
the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is the acquirer of assets in connection with an asset acquisition, shall comply with all applicable requirements under Sections 5.12 and 5.13 (subject to any applicable grace period set forth
therein), as applicable; 

(f) immediately before and after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition
and any Indebtedness assumed or incurred in connection therewith, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(g) immediately after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, the Borrower shall be in compliance with
the Financial Performance Covenants; 

(h) the aggregate amount of the consideration paid in connection with all such
Permitted Acquisitions consummated from and after the Effective Date shall not exceed $50,000,000 (minus all amounts expended in reliance on Section 6.04(a)(iv), Section 6.04(a)(xv), Section 6.08(a)(vi),
Section 6.08(b)(ii) and Section 6.08(b)(iii)), plus the Available Basket Amount; provided, that the aggregate amount of the consideration paid in connection with targets (including assets of targets) that do not become
Guarantors or assets that do not become Collateral shall not exceed $5,000,000; 

(i) no Indebtedness or Liens are
assumed or incurred in connection with any such purchase or acquisition, other than Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith (and not incurred in connection therewith or incurred in contemplation thereof) to the extent constituting Capital Lease
Obligations, purchase money Indebtedness or letters of credit and otherwise permitted by the terms of Section 6.01 and related liens otherwise permitted by Section 6.02; and 

(j) the proposed acquisition is consensual (not hostile) and, if applicable, has been approved by the
acquisition targets Board of Directors. 

Permitted Business means (i) any business engaged in by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Effective Date and (ii) any business or other activities that are reasonably similar, ancillary, complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension, development or expansion of, such businesses.

Permitted
Discretion means a determination made in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment.

Permitted Encumbrances means: 

(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with
Section 5.05; 

-36- 

(b) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics,
materialmens, repairmens, construction contractors and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or that are being contested in good faith; 

(c) (i) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation,
unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of
letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, government contracts, leases, statutory obligations,
surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations); 

(e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k);

(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, encroachments, protrusions, minor defects or irregularities of
title and other similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not either detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the
ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in each case in any material respect; 

(g) landlords and lessors and other like Liens in respect of rent not in default; 

(h) any Liens shown on the title insurance policies in favor of the Collateral Agent insuring the Liens of the Mortgages;

(i) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not
materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries; 

(j) Liens securing the Obligations;

(k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law and in the ordinary course of
business to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and 

(l) any option or
other agreement to purchase any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the purchase, sale or other disposition of which is not prohibited by this Agreement; 

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 

Permitted Holders means Eric Lefkofsky, Brad Keywell and Kimberly Keywell, together with their Affiliates, estates and
trusts. 

-37- 

Permitted Investments means: 

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the
United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such
date of acquisition, a credit rating from S&P or Moodys of at least A2 or P2, respectively; 

(c) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by
or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided
profits of not less than $500,000,000; 

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more
than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (a) above and
entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; 

(e) investments in money market funds that comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, substantially all of whose assets are invested in investments of the type described in clauses (a) through (e) above; and 

(f) investments permitted by the Borrowers Board of Director approved investment policy as approved from time to
time by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any
modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, the issue price) thereof does not exceed the
principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, the accreted value) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest (including capitalized
interest) and premium thereon plus other amounts owing or paid related to such Indebtedness, and fees, premiums, penalties and expenses (including any upfront fees and original issue discount) reasonably incurred, in connection with such
modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted
pursuant to clause (vi) of Section 6.01(a), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a weighted average life to
maturity equal to or greater than the weighted average life to maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness
permitted pursuant to clause (vi) of Section 6.01(a), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (d) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or
extended is Subordinated Indebtedness, to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as 

-38- 

favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, and such modification,
refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is incurred by one or more Persons who is an obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

PIK Election has the meaning specifiedset
forth in Section 2.13(f)(i). 

PIK Interest has the meaning specifiedset
forth in Section 2.13(a)(i). 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA) subject to the provisions of Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Prepayment Event means: 

(a) any sale, transfer or other disposition of any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary resulting in Net
Proceeds in excess of $5,000,000 (in any single transaction or series of related transactions), other than dispositions described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (h), (k), (l), (n), (o) and (p) of Section 6.05; or 

(b) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar
proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary resulting in Net Proceeds in excess of $5,000,000 with respect to such event; or 

(c) the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness permitted
under Section 6.01, or as otherwise permitted by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02. 

Prepayment Fee Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iv).

Prepayment
Premium has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iv).

Prime Rate means the rate of interest from time to time announced by The Wall Street Journal as its prime commercial
lending rate (it being understood that such prime commercial rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate being quoted by The Wall Street Journal). 

Pro Forma Financial Statements means the pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as the
last day of the month of the most recently ended for which Monthly Financial Statements have been delivered, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date; provided that (i) such pro
forma consolidated balance sheet shall be prepared in good faith by the Borrower and (ii) such pro forma consolidated balance sheet shall not be required to include adjustments for purchase accounting (including adjustments of the type
contemplated by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)). 

-39- 

Projections means the model delivered by the Borrower as of June 14,
2022 (as adjusted for changes reasonably agreed with the Administrative Agent). 

Proposed Change has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.02(b). 

Proposed
Subordinated Debt has the meaning set forth in the definition of Junior Capital Raise Date.

Protective
Advances has the meaning set forth therefor in Section 2.04(b)(i).

Public Health Laws means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and international laws and any and all standards
incorporated therein by reference, where compliance with such standards is required under such laws, relating to the procurement, development, manufacture, production, analysis, evaluation, distribution, dispensing, administration, importation,
exportation, use, handling, quality, sale, pricing, reimbursement, or promotion of any food, drug, biological, gene therapy product, medical device, tissue- or cell-based product, or similar product (including any ingredient or component of such
products) or of any other product or activity subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, the Controlled Substances Act, or similar federal, state, local, foreign and international law
(including laws governing controlled substances, pharmacy, wholesale and other distribution activities, research animal welfare, poison prevention packaging, tamper resistant packaging and consumer product safety). Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Public Health Laws shall include the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21. U.S.C. 301 et seq., and implementing regulations, all legally binding ethical standards relating to human subject research and clinical trials,
including without limitation the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects, 45 C.F.R. part 46, and all other related state, local and foreign laws. 

Public Health Regulatory Agency means an authority or agency responsible for the implementation of a Public Health Law. The
term Public Health Regulatory Agency includes, without limitation, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the European Commission, the European Medicines Agency and any national competent regulatory authority in the European Union. 

Purchase
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.17(a).

Purchase Option Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.17(b).

Purchase
Option Trigger Event means (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (b) the Obligations have been accelerated in accordance with Article VII.

Qualified
Cash means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that are in deposit accounts or in securities accounts, or any combination thereof, which deposit accounts and securities
accounts are the subject of Springing Control Agreements and are maintained by a branch office of the applicable bank or securities intermediary located within the United States of America; provided, that, for the first sixty (60) days (or such
longer period as reasonably agreed to by the Revolving Agent) following the Third Amendment Effective Date there shall be no requirement that cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties be held in accounts subject to Springing Control Agreements
in order for such cash and Cash Equivalents to be Qualified Cash.

Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 

-40- 

Recipient (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) the Collateral
Agent and (c) any Lender, as applicable. 

Recovery
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(d).

Refinanced Revolving
Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(c)(i).

Refinanced Term Loans has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(d). 

Registrations means authorizations, approvals, licenses, permits, certificates, or exemptions issued by any Governmental
Authority (including pre-market approval applications, pre market notifications, investigational drug or device exemptions, product recertifications, manufacturing approvals and authorizations, third party certification, pricing and reimbursement
approvals, labeling approvals or their foreign equivalent) that are required under the applicable laws for the research, development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, storage, transportation, use and sale of the products of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the
respective principals, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and third party advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal,
leaching or migration into or through the environment or within or upon any building, structure, facility or fixture. 

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 

Replacement
Revolving Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(c)(i).

Replacement Term Loans has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.02(c)(i). 

Required
Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50% of the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments at such time, plus (b)(i) the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time or
(ii) if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans at such time; provided that the portion of the Revolving Commitment of, and the portion of the outstanding principal
amount of the Revolving Loans and Term Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of the Required Lenders.

Required
Revolving Lenders means, at any time, Revolving Lenders having or holding a (a) Revolving Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of all aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time or (b) if the Revolving Commitments have
been terminated, more than 50% the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans at such time; provided that the portion of the Revolving Commitment of and the portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Commitments
held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of the Required Revolving Lenders.

-41- 

Required Term Lenders means, at any time, Term Lenders having or holding outstanding Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of aggregate outstanding Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments at such time; provided that any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Term
Lenders. 

Requirement of Law means, with respect to any
Person, (i) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (ii) any statute, law, treaty, rule, regulation, order, decree, writ, injunction
or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Reserves
means Dilution Reserves and such other reserves as the Revolving Agent, in its capacity as an asset-based lender, from time to time deems, without duplication of any other reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through
eligibility criteria, necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion, to establish and maintain.

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority. 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property)
with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment thereon (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement,
acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that the repurchase, redemption
or other acquisition or retirement for value of any Equity Interests of a Subsidiary by the Borrower or another Subsidiary shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. 

Revenue means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the aggregate of the total revenue of such specified
Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis. 

Revenue
Cure Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a).

Revenue
Cure Right has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a).

Revolver
Prepayment Fee Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iv).

Revolver
Usage means, as of any date of determination, the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (inclusive of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances).

Revolving
Agent means ACF, in its capacity as revolving agent for the Revolving Lenders under the Loan Documents, and any successor revolving agent.

Revolving
Agents Account means the Deposit Account of Revolving Agent identified on Schedule 2.01(b) (or such other Deposit Account of Revolving Agent that has been designated as such, in writing, by the Revolving Agent to the Borrower and the
Lenders).

Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lenders Revolving
Commitment to make a Revolving Loan hereunder as set forth on Schedule 2.01(a) opposite such Revolving Lenders name under the heading Revolving Commitment, expressed as an

-42- 

amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Revolving
Loans to be made by such Revolving Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and as amended to reflect assignments. Unless the context shall otherwise require, the term
Revolving Loans shall include any commitment to Replacement Revolving Loans of such Revolving Lender. The aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is $100,000,000.

Revolving
Commitment Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(e).

Revolving Creditors has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(a).

Revolving
Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or an outstanding Revolving Loan.

Revolving
Loan Exposure means with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to (a) prior to the termination of the Revolving Commitments, the amount of such Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitment at such time and
(b) thereafter, the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Revolving Lenders Revolving Loans (inclusive of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances).

Revolving
Loan Exposure Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Revolving Lenders Revolving Loan Exposure at such time to the Revolving Loan Exposure of all Revolving
Lenders at such time.

Revolving Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(a).

Revolving
Loan Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of: (a) the fifth anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, (b) the date on which the Revolving
Commitments are voluntarily terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, and (c) the date on which all amounts outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise)
in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on the Test Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries do not have Liquidity in an aggregate amount equal to at least the sum of
(x) $100,000,000 plus (y) the aggregate principal amount of the Google Note required to be repaid on the scheduled maturity date of the Google Note, then the Revolving Loan Maturity Date shall automatically be accelerated to the Test Date
and all of the Revolving Loans shall thereupon be due and payable on the Test Date, together with all interest and fees accrued thereon or in respect thereof and any amounts payable pursuant this Agreement.

Revolving
Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b). Revolving Loans shall include Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.

S&P means Standard & Poors, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal
functions. 

SEC Extension means any extension granted by the SEC pursuant to any public pronouncements that apply to
the Borrower in connection with the delivery of financial statements; 

-43- 

provided that, any automatic extension hereunder as a result of such SEC Extension shall not be for a period of more than
ninety (90) days. 

Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date,
by and among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole Bookrunner and the Lenders party thereto (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders). 

Second Amendment Effective Date means October 11, 2023. 

Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lender means, at any time, any Term Lender that has a Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan
Commitment or an outstanding Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan. 

Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan
Commitments means, with respect to each Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lender, such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders Term Loan Commitment to make a Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan hereunder on the Second
Amendment Effective Date as set forth on Schedule 2.01(a)
opposite such Second Amendment Effective Date Term
Lenders name under the heading Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan
Commitment,
expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to be made by such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lender hereunder, as such
commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement and as amended to reflect assignments. Unless the context shall otherwise require, the term Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall
include any commitment to Replacement Term Loans of such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lender. The aggregate amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Second Amendment Effective Date is $35,000,000. 

Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(ca)(iii). 

Second Amendment Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(ii). 

Securities Account Control Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral
Agreement.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Security Documents means the Collateral Agreement,
the Perfection Certificate, the Mortgages, the Springing Control Agreements and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered pursuant to
SectionSections
5.12 or 5.13 to secure any of the Obligations. 

Settlement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(c)(i).

Settlement
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(c)(i).

SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

-44- 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the
secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Borrowing means any Borrowing which bears interest at a rate based on Term
SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate.

SOFR Loan means any Loan which bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the
definition of Base
Rate.

Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default
described in Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(b), 7.01(d) (solely with respect to Sectionnon-compliance with
Sections 2.20, 5.17 and6.12),
Section7.01(e)(to the extent such reporting is needed to determine whether a breach of Section 6.12 has occurred), 7.01(i) or 7.01(j). 

Specified Foreign Account Debtor means any Account Debtor which (i) has its principal place of business or
executive office located in an Acceptable Foreign Jurisdiction and (ii) is Investment Grade or a subsidiary of a Person that is Investment Grade.

Springing
Control Account means a Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control Agreement.

Springing
Control Agreement means an agreement in which a Loan Party, the Collateral Agent, and Cash Management Bank maintaining the Deposit Account have agreed that the Cash Management Bank will comply with instructions originated by the Collateral
Agent directing disposition of the funds in the Deposit Account without further consent by the Loan Party pursuant to terms reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. Terms of the agreement shall provide control (within the
meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC) reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent.

Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is contractually subordinated to the
Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, the Google Note shall constitute Subordinated Indebtedness. 

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
GAAP as of such date. 

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Loan Party means any Domestic Subsidiary (other than (a) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable
law from guaranteeing the Obligations, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, (c) any direct or indirect FSHCO, (d) any not-for-profit subsidiary, and (e) any other Subsidiary
with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent (confirmed in writing by notice to the Borrower), the cost or other consequences (including any adverse tax consequences) of providing a Guarantee shall be excessive in
view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom). The Subsidiary Loan Parties as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 3.12. 

Swap Agreement means (a) any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option
or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, 

-45- 

currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction
or any combination of these transactions and (b) any and all agreements and documents (and the related confirmations) entered into in connection with any transactions of any kind, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed
by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related
schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement, provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current
or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 

Swap
Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swingline
Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a)(v).

Swingline Loan Limit means, at any time, the smallest of the following amounts: (i) $20,000,000,
(ii) the aggregate Revolving Commitment minus the Revolver Usage and (iii) the Borrowing Base, minus the amount of Revolving Loans outstanding.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term
Creditor has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(a).

Term
Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan. 

Term Loan
means (a) the Effective Date Term Loans, (b) the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, (c) the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans
and, (d) the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and (e) Refinanced Term Loans and Replacement Term Loans, collectively, or as the context may require. 

Term Loan Commitments means, collectively, (a) the Effective Date Term Loan Commitments, (b) the First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loan Commitments
and/or, (c) the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments and/or
(d) the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments, as the context requires. 

Term
Loan Exposure means with respect to any Term Lender at any time, an amount equal to (a) until the (i) Effective Date, the aggregate amount of such Effective Date Term Lenders Effective Date Term Loan Commitments at such time,
(ii) First Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of such First Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments at such time, (iii) Second Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate
amount of such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments at such time, and (iv) Third Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of such Third Amendment Effective Date Term
Lenders Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments at such time, and (b) thereafter, in each case, the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Term Lenders Term Loans.

-46- 

Term
Loan Exposure Percentage means with respect to any Term Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) of suchTerm Lenders aggregate Term Loan
Exposure at such time to theaggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Term Lenders at such time.

Term Loan Maturity Date means the
earlier of: (a)(i) solely with respect to the Effective Date Term Loans, the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans
and the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, and (ii) solely with respect to the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans, the fifth anniversary of the Third
Amendment Effective Date, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, (b) the date on which the Term Loan Commitments are voluntarily terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, and (c) the date on which
all amount outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms hereof; provided
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on the date (or at any time thereafter) that is 135days prior to the
scheduled maturity of the Google Note(such date, the Test Date), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries do not have
Liquidity in an aggregate amount equal to at least the sum of (x) $100,000,000 plus (y) the aggregate principal amount of the Google Note required to be repaid on the scheduled maturity date of the Google Note, then the Term Loan
Maturity Date shall automatically be accelerated to the Test Date and all of the Loans shall thereupon be due and payable on the Test Date, together with all interest and fees accrued thereon or in respect thereof (including any Make Whole/Prepayment Fee
AmountPremium) and any amounts payable pursuant
this Agreement. 

Term
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 9.18(a).

Term
SOFR
means,:

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor
comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term
SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such
day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then
Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator as long
as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day; 

-47- 

provided, that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall
be deemed to be the Floor. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a
successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Test Date means thedate (or at any time thereafter) that isone hundred thirty-five (135)days prior to the scheduled maturity of the Google Note.

Third
Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, Administrative Agent, Revolving Agent, Lead Arranger, Sole
Bookrunnerand the Lenders party thereto(including, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) all Lenders party to this
Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Third Amendment on the Third Amendment Effective Date, (ii) the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders on the Third Amendment Effective Date and (iii) the Revolving Lenders on
the Third Amendment Effective Date).

Third Amendment Effective Date means February 3, 2025.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Acquisition means the acquisition by the Borrower of 100% of the Equity Interests of Ambry Genetics Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Third Amendment
Effective Date Acquisition Documents.

Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as
of November 4, 2024, by and among Realm IDX, a Delaware corporation, as the Seller (as defined therein) thereunder, the Borrower, in its capacity as the Buyer (as defined therein) thereunder, and Konica Minolta, Inc., a
Japanese corporation, as the Guarantor (as defined therein) thereunder.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Documents means the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition Agreement and the other agreements, documents and instruments entered into in connection therewith.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Revolver Draw has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Lender means, at any time, any Term Lender that has a Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments means, with respect to each Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lender, such Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders Term Loan Commitment to make a Third Amendment Effective Date Term
Loan hereunder on the Third Amendment Effective Date as set forth on Schedule 2.01(a) opposite such Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders name under the heading Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment, expressed
as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to be made by such Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lender hereunder, as such 

-48- 

commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant
to this Agreement and as amended to reflect assignments. Unless the context shall otherwise require, the term Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall include any commitment to Replacement Term Loans of such Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Lender. The aggregate amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is $200,000,000.

Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a)(iv). 

Third
Amendment Prepayment Fee Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iii).

Transaction Costs means the payment of fees, expenses and other costs in connection with the items described in clauses
(a) and (b) of the definition of Transactions. 

Transactions means (a) the execution, delivery and
performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is to be a party, (b) the borrowing of the
Effective Date Term Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof on
the Effective Date, and (c) payment of the Transaction Costs on the Effective Date. 

Treasury Rate means a
rate equal to the then-current yield to maturity on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a constant maturity and having a duration equal to (or the nearest available tenor) the period from the date that payment is received to the date
that falls on the Term Loan Maturity Date. 

TRICARE
means the United States Department of Defense health care program for service families including, but not limited to, TRICARE Prime, TRICARE Extra and TRICARE Standard, and any successor to or predecessor thereof. 

TRICARE Account
means an Account payable pursuant to TRICARE.

Type means, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to
whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Base Rate. 

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of New York.

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

-49- 

USA Patriot Act has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17(a). 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(2)(C). 

Waterfall
Trigger Event means (w) an Event of Default under (i) Section 7.01(a); (ii) Section 7.01(e) arising from the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to observe or perform any obligation under any of Sections
5.01(a), 5.01(b) or 5.01(d) (in each case, solely to the extent such financial statements are not delivered to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender within thirty (30) days following the date such financial statements were
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), as applicable), (iii) Section 7.01(f) arising from the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to observe or performance any obligation under
Section 5.11 (solely as it relates to the use of proceeds of the Revolving Loans), (iv) Section 7.01(d) arising from the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to observe or perform any obligation under any of
Section 5.17, Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03, Section 6.04, Section 6.05, Section 6.08 or Section 6.12; (v) Sections 7.01(l) and 7.01(u); (vi) Sections 7.01(i) and 7.01(j);
(vii) Section 7.01(n); or (viii) Section 7.01(r), (x) solely to the extent Required Lenders exercise rights under any Springing Control Agreement in accordance with Section 2.20(b), a Cash Dominion Event, or
(y) solely to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver is prohibited by Section 9.02(c)(ii) without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, the amendment, modification or waiver of any of the provisions set forth in
the immediately preceding clause (x) without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders to such amendment, modification or waiver.

wholly ownedwholly-owned means with respect to any Person, a subsidiary of
such Person all the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than (x) directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or more
wholly
ownedwholly-owned subsidiaries of such Person.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down
and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and
(b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument
under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type
(e.g., a SOFR Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Borrowing). 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words
include,
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation.
The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall.
Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any 

-50- 

definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns,
(c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder,
and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections,
Exhibits shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Agreement, (e) all references herein to Schedules shall be construed to refer to the Schedules to the Confidential Disclosure Letter and (f) the words
asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Any reference to
payment in full, paid in full,
repaid in full, prepaid in full,
redeemed in full or any other term or word of similar effect used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document with respect to the Loans or the Obligations shall mean all Obligations
(including any Make Whole/Prepayment Fee
AmountPremium but excluding any inchoate indemnity
obligations) have been repaid in full in cash and have been fully performed and all Commitments have been permanently terminated. 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in
conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios (including, without limitation, any First Lien
Leverage Ratio test), the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP,
applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the historical financial statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. No change in the accounting principles used in the preparation of any financial statement hereafter
adopted by the Borrower shall be given effect for purposes of measuring compliance with any provisions of Article VI unless the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders agree to modify such provisions to reflect such
changes in GAAP and, unless such provisions are modified, all financial statements, compliance certificatesCompliance Certificates and similar documents provided hereunder shall
be provided together with a reconciliation between the calculations and amounts set forth therein before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial
nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to in Article VI shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10 or 470-20 (or any other Financial
Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof at fair value. A breach of any Financial Performance Covenant shall be deemed to have
occurred as of the last day of any specified measurement period, regardless of when the financial statements reflecting such breach are delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION
1.05. Pro Forma Calculations. All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any Material Acquisition, Material Disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness shall be calculated after giving effect to
such acquisition, Disposition, designation or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness (and to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period for which such pro forma computation is being made and on or prior to
the date of such computation) as if such transaction (and any other such transactions) had occurred on the first day of the applicable measurement period, and, to the extent applicable, the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the
assets acquired or disposed of, any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness; provided, that, charges, costs, expenses and losses related to any such any Material Acquisition, Material Disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of
Indebtedness during the applicable measurement period shall be subject, in each case, to the Aggregate Cap when calculating 

-51- 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the applicable measurement
period. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the
entire measurement period (taking into account any swap contract applicable to such Indebtedness). 

SECTION 1.051.06. Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept
responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any component
definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other
Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect
the calculation of Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The
Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall
have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.061.07. Divisions. Any reference herein to a merger, transfer,
consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability
company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder, and each resulting division of any limited liability company that, prior to such division, is a
Subsidiary, a Borrower, a Guarantor, a joint venture or any other like term shall remain a Subsidiary, a Borrower, a Guarantor, a joint venture, or other like term, respectively, after giving effect to such division, and any resulting divisions of
such Persons shall remain subject to the same restrictions applicable to the pre-division predecessor of such divisions. 

SECTION 1.08. UCC Definitions. When used in this Agreement, the following terms have the same definitions as provided in
Article 9 of the UCC, but for convenience in this Agreement the first letter of all such terms shall be capitalized: Accession, Account Debtor, Authenticate (and all derivations thereof), Certificate Of
Title, Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claim, Deposit Account, Document, Equipment, General Intangible, Goods, Health-Care-Insurance Receivable,
Instrument, Inventory, Investment Property, Letter-Of-Credit Right, Obligor, Proceeds (as specifically defined in Section 9-102(64) of the UCC), Record,
Secondary Obligor, Secured Party, Securities Account, Software and Supporting Obligation.

-52- 

ARTICLE II 

The Credits 

SECTION 2.01.
Commitments. 

(a)
Term Loans.

(ai) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each
Effective Date Term Lender agrees to make an Effective Date Term Loan to the Borrower on the Effective Date, in a principal amount not exceeding its Effective Date Term Loan Commitment in the amount set forth opposite such Term Lenders name on
Schedule 2.01(a) under the heading Effective
Date Term Loan Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a)(i) are referred to as the Effective Date Term
Loan.
Loans.

(bii) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and the
First Amendment, each First Amendment Effective Date Term Lender agrees to make a First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date, in a principal amount not exceeding its First Amendment Effective Date
Term Loan Commitment in the amount set forth opposite such First Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders name on Schedule
2.01(a) under the heading First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loan Commitment.Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(ba)(ii) are referred to as the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan. Loans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the First
Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall have terms, rights, remedies, privileges and protections identical to those applicable to the Effective Date Term Loans under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents. 

(ciii) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and the
Second Amendment, each Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lender agrees to make a Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to the Borrower on the Second Amendment Effective Date, in a principal amount not exceeding its Second Amendment Effective
Date Term Loan Commitment in the amount set forth opposite such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders name on Schedule
2.01(a) under the heading Second Amendment
Effective Date Term Loan Commitment.Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(ba)(iii) are referred to as the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loan. Loans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall have, except as otherwise set forth herein, terms, rights, remedies, privileges and protections identical to those applicable to the Effective Date Term Loans and First Amendment Effective Date Term
Loans under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents. 

(iv)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Third Amendment, each Third Amendment Effective Date Term Lender
agrees to make a Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan to the Borrower on the Third Amendment Effective Date, in a principal amount not exceeding its Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment in the amount set forth opposite such Third
Amendment Effective Date Term Lenders name on Schedule 2.01(a) under the heading Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a)(iv) are referred to as the Third Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall have, except as otherwise set forth herein, terms, rights, remedies, privileges and protections identical to those
applicable to the Effective Date Term Loans, First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans under this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents.

-53- 

(dv) Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of the Term Loans may not be
reborrowed. 

(b)
Revolving Loans.

(i)
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein
and the Third Amendment, each Revolving Lender agrees to make revolving loans to the Borrower under a revolving credit facility (amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) are referred to as the Revolving Loans) in an amount at any
one time outstanding (on an aggregate basis) not to exceed the lesser of:

(1)
an amount equal to such Revolving Lenders
Revolving Commitment, and

(2)such Revolving Lenders pro rata share of such Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans pro
rata share of an amount equal to the lesser of:

(A)the amount equal to the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount, and

(B)
the amount equal to the Borrowing Base as of such
date (based upon the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrower to the Revolving Agent, as adjusted by the Revolving Agent for Reserves established by the Revolving Agent from time to time in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement).

(ii)Each of the Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01(b) may be repaid and, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, reborrowed at any time during the term of this Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, together with interest accrued and unpaid thereon, shall constitute Obligations and shall be due and payable on the
Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(iii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 2.01(b), without limiting any other rights and remedies of the Revolving Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, the Revolving Loans shall be subject to the Revolving Agents continuing right in accordance with this
Agreement to withhold Reserves from the Borrowing Base, and to increase and decrease such Reserves from time to time, if and to the extent that in the Revolving Agents Permitted Discretion, such Reserves are necessary. In the event that the
Revolving Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion that it is necessary to withhold Reserves from the Borrowing Base and/or to increase or decrease such Reserves in accordance with this Section 2.01(b)(iii), the Revolving Agent shall
provide written notice of such determination to the Borrower.

SECTION
2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

(a) Each Term Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Term Loans of the same
Type made by the applicable Term Lenders ratably in accordance
with their respective Term Loan Commitments. The failure of
any Term Lender to make its Term Loan required to be made
by it shall not relieve any other Term Lender of its
obligations hereunder, provided that the Term Loan
Commitments 

-54- 

of the Term
Lenders are several and no Term Lender shall be responsible for any other Term Lenders failure to make Term Loans as required. Each Revolving Loan
shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans of the same Type made by the applicable Revolving Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. The failure of any Revolving Lender to make its Revolving
Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Revolving Lender of its obligations hereunder, provided that the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Revolving Lender shall be responsible for any other Revolving
Lenders failure to make Revolving Loans as required.

(b) Subject
to Section 2.14, each Term Loan Borrowing and each Revolving Loan Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less than
$200,000. At the time that each Base Rate Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $50,000 and not less than $250,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time.
There shall not at any time be more than a total of
eightfive
(5) SOFR Borrowings outstanding. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any
Term Loan Borrowing or Revolving Loan Borrowing, as applicable, if the Interest Period
requested with respect thereto would end after the applicable
Term Loan Maturity Date or the Revolving Loan Maturity
Date, as applicable. 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request of Term Loans.
Each Borrowing of a Term Loan shall be made pursuant to a
Borrowing Request delivered to Administrative Agent with
respect to any proposed Borrowing of Term Loans on the Effective Date, First Amendment Effective Date
or, Second Amendment Effective Date or the Third Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request in writing not later than 1:00 p.m., New York
City time, at least two (2) Business Days before the
date of the proposed Borrowing. Such written Borrowing Request shall be signed by the Borrower and specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02(a): 

(ia) the aggregate amount of such Term Loan Borrowing; 

(iib) the date ofFunding Date
for such Term Loan Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iiic) whether such Term Loan Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and 

(ivd) the location and number of the Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06. 

If no election as to the Type of
Term Loan Borrowing is specified, then the requested Term Loan Borrowing shall be a SOFR Borrowing. Promptly following
receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each
Term Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of
such Term Lenders Term Loan to be made as part of the requested Term Loan Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.04. [Reserved]Requests for Borrowings of Revolving Loans; Settlements. 

(a)Requests for Borrowings of Revolving Loans.

-55- 

(i)
Each Borrowing of a Revolving Loan shall be made
pursuant to a Borrowing Request delivered to the Revolving Agent (w) with respect to any proposed Borrowing of Revolving Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, at least one (1) Business Day
prior to each Borrowing of Revolving Loans, (w) with respect to any proposed Borrowing of Revolving Loans after the Third Amendment Effective Date, (x) prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, at least three (3) Business Days prior to
each Borrowing of Revolving Loans which are to be SOFR Loans, (y) prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date of each Borrowing of Revolving Loans which are to be Base Rate Loans and
(z) with respect to any Swingline Advance, no later than 11:00 a.m. on the proposed Funding Date thereof. Such written Borrowing Request shall be signed by the Borrower and specify the following information in compliance with Section
2.02(a):

(1)the aggregate amount of such Revolving Loan Borrowing;

(2)
the Funding Date for such Revolving Loan Borrowing,
which shall be a Business Day;

(3)whether such Revolving Loan Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and

(4)
the location and number of the Borrowers
account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06.

If no
election as to the Type of Revolving Loan Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Loan Borrowing shall be a SOFR Borrowing. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.04(a), the Revolving
Agent shall advise each Revolving Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Revolving Loan Borrowing. In addition, with respect to each request for a Borrowing of Revolving Loans
that are Base Rate Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(a), each Revolving Lender agrees that Revolving Agent may in Revolving Agents sole discretion, but Revolving Agent shall not be obligated to, make such requested Revolving Loan
Borrowing to the Borrower on behalf of the Revolving Lenders as a Swingline Advance.

(ii)
Each Revolving Lender shall make available all
amounts it is to fund to the Borrower, under any Borrowing of Revolving Loans, in immediately available funds to the Revolving Agent, and the Revolving Agent will make available to the Borrower, the aggregate of the amounts so made available in
dollars. Unless the Revolving Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Revolving Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans that such Revolving Lender does not intend to make available to the Revolving Agent its portion of
the Borrowing or Borrowings to be made on such date, the Revolving Agent may assume that such Revolving Lender has made such amount available to the Revolving Agent on such date of Borrowing, and the Revolving Agent, in reliance upon such
assumption, may (in its sole discretion and without any obligation to do so) make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Revolving Agent by such Revolving Lender and the
Revolving Agent has made available the same to the Borrower, the Revolving Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount from such Revolving Lender. If such Revolving Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the
Revolving Agents demand therefor, the Revolving Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower shall promptly pay such corresponding amount to the Revolving Agent. The Revolving Agent shall also be entitled to

-56- 

recover from such Revolving Lender or the Borrower, as the case
may be, interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each day from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the Revolving Agent to any Borrower, to the date such corresponding amount is recovered by the Revolving Agent, at a
rate per annum equal to (i) if paid by such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate or (ii) if paid by any Borrower, the then-applicable rate of interest, calculated in accordance with Section 2.13, applicable to Base Rate Loans. If such
Borrower and such Revolving Lender shall pay interest to the Revolving Agent for the same (or a portion of
the same) period, the Revolving Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid
by such Borrower for such period.

(iii)Nothing in this Section 2.04(a) shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its commitments
hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to fulfill
its commitments hereunder).

(iv)Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Revolving Agent agrees to make Swingline Advances to the
Borrower under the Revolving Commitment in an amount at any one time outstanding (on an aggregate basis) not to exceed the Swingline Loan Limit. Each of the Swingline Advances made pursuant to this Section 2.04(a)(iv) may be repaid and, subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, reborrowed at any time during the term of this Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of Swingline Advances, together with interest accrued and unpaid thereon, shall constitute Obligations and
shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(v)
After receipt of a request for a Swingline Advance
pursuant to Section 2.04(a)(i), the Revolving Agent shall advance the amount of the requested Borrowing to a Borrower disproportionately (a Swingline Advance) out of the Revolving Agents own funds on behalf of the Revolving
Lenders in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Swingline Loan Limit, which advance shall be (i) on the Funding Date specified in the relevant Borrowing Request and (ii) a Base Rate Loan. The Revolving Agent shall make the proceeds of
Swingline Advances available to a Borrower on the applicable Funding Date by transferring immediately available funds equal to such proceeds to the Designated Account. All Swingline Advances made under this Section 2.04(a)(v) shall be subject
to Settlement in accordance with Section 2.04(c) below; it being understood that all payments on any such Swingline Advances shall be payable solely to the Revolving Agent solely for its own account until Settlement thereof shall have occurred.
For the avoidance of doubt, all Swingline Advances constitute Loans hereunder.

(b)
Protective Advances and Optional
Overadvances.

(i)Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, but subject to Section 2.04(c)(iv),
at any time the Revolving Agent hereby is authorized by the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, from time to time, in the Revolving Agents sole discretion, to make Revolving Loans to, or for the benefit of, the Borrower, on behalf of the
Revolving Lenders, that the Revolving Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (1) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (2) to enhance the likelihood of repayment of the Obligations or
(3) to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder (the Revolving Loans described in this Section 2.04(b)(i) shall be referred to as

-57- 

Protective Advances). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Protective Advance shall be made which would cause (A) the aggregate amount of all Protective Advances outstanding at any one time to exceed 10% of the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount unless the Required Revolving Lenders otherwise agree
or (B) the aggregate amount of Revolver Usage outstanding at any one time to exceed the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount.

(ii)
Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any
other Loan Document notwithstanding, but subject to Section 2.04(b)(ii), the Revolving Lenders hereby authorize Revolving Agent, and Revolving Agent may, but is not obligated to, knowingly and intentionally, continue to make Revolving Loans to
the Borrower notwithstanding that an Overadvance exists or would be created thereby, so long as (A) after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage does not exceed the Borrowing Base by more than 10% of the Maximum
Revolving Commitment Amount (unless Required Revolving Lenders agree to a higher amount), and (B) after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage does not exceed the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount. In the event
the Revolving Agent obtains actual knowledge that an Overadvance exists, regardless of the amount of, or reason for, such excess, the Revolving Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders as soon as practicable and the Revolving Lenders with Revolving
Commitments thereupon shall, together with the Revolving Agent, jointly determine the terms of arrangements that shall be implemented with the Borrower intended to eliminate the Overadvance within thirty (30) days. In such circumstances, if any
Revolving Lender with a Revolving Commitment objects to the proposed terms of reduction or repayment of any Overadvance, the terms of reduction or repayment thereof shall be implemented according to the determination of the Required Revolving
Lenders. The foregoing provisions are meant for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders and the Revolving Agent and are not meant for the benefit of the Borrower, which shall continue to be bound by the provisions of Section 2.11. Each Revolving
Lender with a Revolving Commitment shall be obligated to make Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.04(a) in, or settle Overadvances made by the Revolving Agent with Revolving Agent as provided in Section 2.04(c) (or
Section 2.21, as applicable), for the amount of such Revolving Lenders pro rata share of any unintentional Overadvances by Revolving Agent reported to such Revolving Lender, any intentional Overadvances made as permitted under this
Section 2.04(b).

(iii)Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance (each, an Extraordinary Advance) shall be deemed to be a Revolving
Loan hereunder. Prior to Settlement with respect to Extraordinary Advances, all payments on the Extraordinary Advances made by Revolving Agent, including interest thereon, shall be payable to Revolving Agent solely for its own account. The
Extraordinary Advances shall be repayable on demand, secured by Revolving Agents Liens, constitute Obligations hereunder, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans. The provisions of this
Section 2.04(b) are for the exclusive benefit of Revolving Agent and the Revolving Lenders and are not intended to benefit any Borrower (or any other Loan Party) in any way.

(iv)
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement
or any other Loan Document to the contrary: (A) no Extraordinary Advance may be made by Revolving Agent if such Extraordinary Advance would cause the aggregate principal amount of Extraordinary Advances outstanding to exceed an amount equal to
10% of the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount; and (B) to the extent that the making of any Extraordinary Advance causes the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolving Commitment Amount, such portion of such Extraordinary Advance
shall be for Revolving Agents sole and separate account and not for theaccount of any Revolving Lender and shall be entitled to priority in repayment in accordance with Section
2.18(f).

-58- 

(c)Settlement. It is agreed that each Revolving Lenders
funded portion of the Revolving Loans is intended by the Revolving Lenders to equal, at all times, such Revolving Lenders pro rata share of the outstanding Revolving Loans. Such agreement notwithstanding, Revolving Agent and the Revolving
Lenders agree (which agreement shall not be for the benefit of the Borrower) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, settlement among the Revolving Lenders as to the Revolving Loans (including
the Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) shall take place on a periodic basis in accordance with the following provisions:

(i)
Revolving Agent shall request settlement
(Settlement) with the Revolving Lenders on a weekly basis, or on a more frequent basis if so determined by Revolving Agent in its sole discretion (A) for itself, with respect to the outstanding Swingline Advances and Extraordinary
Advances, and (B) with respect to the Borrowers or its Subsidiaries payments or other amounts received, as to each by notifying the Revolving Lenders by telecopy, telephone, or other similar form of transmission, of such requested
Settlement, no later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such requested Settlement (the date of such requested Settlement being the Settlement Date). Such notice of a Settlement Date
shall include a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) for the period since the prior Settlement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including
Section 2.21): (1) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender exceeds such Revolving Lenders pro rata share of the
Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, then Revolving Agent shall, by no later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Settlement Date, transfer in immediately available funds to a
Deposit Account of such Revolving Lender (as such Revolving Lender may designate), an amount such that each such Revolving Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its pro rata share of the Revolving Loans
(including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances), and (2) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Revolving Lender is less than such Revolving Lenders pro rata
share of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, such Revolving Lender shall no later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Settlement Date transfer in immediately available funds
to Revolving Agents Account, an amount such that each such Revolving Lender shall, upon transfer of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its pro rata share of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary
Advances). Such amounts made available to Revolving Agent under clause (2) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied against the amounts of the applicable Swingline Advances or Extraordinary Advances and shall constitute Revolving
Loans of such Revolving Lenders. If any such amount is not made available to Revolving Agent by any Revolving Lender on the Settlement Date applicable thereto to the extent required by the terms hereof, Revolving Agent shall be entitled to recover
for its account such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate.

(ii)
In determining whether a Revolving Lenders
balance of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances) is less than, equal to, or greater than such Revolving Lenders pro rata share of the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Advances and Extraordinary
Advances) as of a Settlement Date, Revolving Agent shall, as part of

-59- 

the relevant Settlement, apply to such balance the portion of
payments actually received in good funds by Revolving Agent with respect to principal, interest, fees payable by the Borrower and allocable to the Revolving Lenders hereunder, and proceeds of Collateral.

(iii)
Between Settlement Dates, the Revolving Agent, to
the extent Swingline Advances and/or Extraordinary Advances for the account of the Revolving Agent are outstanding, may apply any payments or other amounts received by the Revolving Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be
applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, to the Swingline Advances and/or Extraordinary Advances. During the period between Settlement Dates, the Revolving Agent shall be entitled to all interest and fees at the applicable rate or rates
payable under this Agreement on the daily amount of funds employed by Revolving Agent with respect to all Swingline Advances and Extraordinary Advances.

(iv)
Anything in this Section 2.04(c) to the
contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Revolving Agent shall be entitled to refrain from remitting settlement amounts to the Defaulting Lender and, instead, shall be entitled to elect to implement
the provisions set forth in Section 2.21.

SECTION 2.05. [Reserved].

SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available
funds by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent, with respect to any Term Loan
Borrowing, or the Revolving Agent, with respect to any Revolving Loan Borrowing, as applicable, most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. Upon receipt of all
requested funds, the Administrative Agent will make such Term Loans and the Revolving Agent will make such
Revolving Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received by wire transfer, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing
Request. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Term Lender prior to the proposed Borrowing that such Term Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such
Term Lenders share of such Borrowing, the
Administrative Agent may assume that such Term Lender has
made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.06(a) and may, in reliance upon such assumption and in its sole discretion, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Term Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing
available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Term Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such share on demand of the Administrative Agent. If such
Term Lender does not pay such corresponding amount
forthwith upon demand of the Administrative Agent therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower agrees to pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand. The Administrative
Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such Term
Lender the interest on such corresponding amount for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative
Agent, at (i) in the case of such Term Lender, the
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If
such Term Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Term Lenders Term Loan included in such Borrowing. Unless the Revolving Agent shall have received notice

-60- 

from a Revolving Lender prior to the proposed Borrowing that such
Revolving Lender will not make available to the Revolving Agent such Revolving Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Revolving Agent may assume that such Revolving Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with
Section 2.06(a) and may, in reliance upon such assumption and in its sole discretion, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Revolving Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing
available to the Revolving Agent, then the applicable Revolving Lender agrees to pay to the Revolving Agent an amount equal to such share on demand of the Revolving Agent. If such Revolving Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith
upon demand of the Revolving Agent therefor, the Revolving Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower agrees to pay such corresponding amount to the Revolving Agent forthwith on demand. The Revolving Agent shall also be entitled to
recover from such Revolving Lender the interest on such corresponding amount for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Revolving Agent, at (i) in the case
of such Revolving Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate
applicable to Base Rate Loans. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount to the Revolving Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Revolving Lenders Revolving Loan included in such Borrowing.

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections. 

(a) Each Term Loan
or Revolving Loan Borrowing, as applicable, initially shall be of the Type specified in the
applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, shall have an Interest Period of three
(3) months. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to
convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the
Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.07, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election
in writing (i) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, three
(3) Business Days before the date of the proposed election or
(ii) in the case of a Base Rate Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, one
(1) Business Day before the date of the proposed
election. Each such written Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be substantially in the form of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower. 

(c) Each written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with
respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting
Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be
a Business Day; and 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing. 

-61- 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative
Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the
Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period
such Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a SOFR Borrowing having an Interest Period of three months duration. 

(f) Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent,
at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing, (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR
Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

SECTION 2.08. Termination and Reductions of Commitments.

SECTION 2.08.(a)Termination of Term Loan Commitments. Unless previously terminated, (a) the
Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the funding of the Effective Date Term Loans on the Effective Date, (b) the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the funding of the First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date
and, (c) the Second Amendment Effective Date
Term Loan Commitments shall terminate upon the funding of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans on the Second Amendment Effective Date.and (d) the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loan Commitments shall
terminate upon the funding of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may not pay the Term Loans in full unless the outstanding Revolving Loans and other
Obligations are concurrently paid in full in cash and the unused Revolving Commitments have been terminated.

(b)Reduction of Revolving Commitments. The Borrower may reduce the
Revolving Commitments, subject to payment of any amounts required pursuant to Section 2.12(c)(iv), to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the Revolver Usage as of such date, plus (B) the principal amount of all
Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a request has been given by the Borrower under Section 2.04(a). Each such reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (unless the
Revolving Commitments are being reduced to zero and the amount of the Revolving Commitments in effect immediately prior to such reduction are less than $5,000,000), shall be made by providing not less than ten (10) Business Days prior written
notice to the Revolving Agent, and shall be irrevocable; provided that, if a notice is given under this Section 2.08, such notice may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the closing of a refinancing transaction,
a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a Change of Control and such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent if such condition is not satisfied
on or prior to the specified effective date of prepayment. Once reduced, the Revolving Commitments may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall reduce the Revolving Commitments of each Revolving Lender proportionately
in accordance with its ratable share thereof. All Revolving Commitment Fees payable pursuant to Section 2.12(e) accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Commitments will be paid on the effective date of such
termination with respect to the Revolving Commitments so terminated.

-62- 

SECTION 2.09. Evidence of Debt. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower
to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to Section 9.04(d) in which it shall record (i) the
amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and
(iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made in the Register and accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.09(b) and (c) shall be primafacie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein absent manifest error, provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any
manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the records maintained by any Lender and the records maintained by the Administrative Agent in such
matters, the records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans
made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Lender
evidencing the Loans, if any, owing to such Lender. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more
promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if requested by such payee, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Amortization of
Term Loans. 

(a) To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans
shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date and the Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the
ratable account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of
the Term Loans of such Lender on the Term Loan Maturity Date (and any other date on which a payment is required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11). 

(b)To the extent not previously paid, all Revolving Loans shall be
due and payable on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date and the Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Revolving Agent for the ratable account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans of such Lender on the
Revolving Loan Maturity Date (and any other date on which a payment is required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11).

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Term Loans and/or the Revolving Loans, as applicable, in whole or in part, as
selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion and subject to the requirements of clauses (e), (f) and (j) of this Section 2.11. 

-63- 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, during the
occurrence and continuance of a Waterfall Trigger Event, the Borrower shall not, and shall not be permitted to, make any voluntary prepayment of Term Loans without the consent of the Revolving
Agent.

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of
any Prepayment Event, the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, prepay Term Loan
Borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such Net
Proceeds, first Term Loan Borrowings until the Term Loans have been paid in full, second the outstanding
principal amount of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances until paid in full, and third the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full; provided that, during the occurrence and continuance of a Waterfall Trigger
Event, such amounts shall be applied to repay first the outstanding principal amount of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances until paid in full, second, to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full and third
to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans until paid in full; provided, further, that in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition
of the term Prepayment Event (other than pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 6.06), if the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect
that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries intend to apply the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within
three hundred sixty-five (365) days after receipt of such Net Proceeds in the business of the
Borrower and the Subsidiaries, and certifying that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate, except to the extent
that the aggregate amount of such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied or contractually committed in writing by the end of such
three hundred sixty-five (365)-day period exceeds $2,500,000 (Excess Net
Proceeds), promptly after which time a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Excess Net Proceeds that have not been so applied. 

(d) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests for cash or other receipt of cash
contributions to its equity in connection with the exercise of the Leverage Cure Right or the Revenue Cure Right are received by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Borrower shall, within one (1) Business Day after such Net Proceeds are received by the Borrower, prepay Term Loan Borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such Net Proceeds. first Term Loan
Borrowings until the Term Loans have been paid in full, second the outstanding principal amount of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances until paid in full, and third the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in
full; provided that, during the occurrence and continuance of a Waterfall Trigger Event, such amounts shall be applied to repay first the outstanding principal amount of Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances until paid in full, second, to
the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full and third to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans until paid in full.

(e) Prior to any optional or mandatory prepayment of Borrowings hereunder, the Borrower shall determine in accordance with
Section 2.11(i) or Section 2.11(j), as applicable, the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall
specify such determination in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11(f). 

(f) The Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City 

-64- 

time, three
(3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or
(ii) in the case of prepayment of a Base Rate Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, one
(1) Business DaysDay before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a
notice of prepayment is given under this Section 2.11, such notice of prepayment may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the closing of a refinancing transaction, a sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a Change of Control and such notice of prepayment may be revoked or extended by the Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent if such condition is not satisfied on or prior to the specified
effective date of prepayment. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the
case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans
included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 but shall in no event include premium or penalty. 

(g) All Swap Agreements, if any, between Borrower and any of the Lenders or their respective affiliates are independent agreements
governed by the written provisions of said Swap Agreements, which will remain in full force and effect, unaffected by any repayment, prepayment, acceleration, reduction, increase or change in the terms of the Loans, except as otherwise expressly
provided in said written Swap Agreements, and any payoff statement from the Lenders relating to the Loans shall not apply to said Swap Agreements except as otherwise expressly provided in such payoff statement. 

(h)If, at any time, the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds the
lesser of (i) the Revolving Commitments and (ii) the Borrowing Base, then the Borrower shall immediately prepay the Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such applicable excess; provided, however, that if the
Revolver Usage on such date exceeds the Borrowing Base pursuant to clause (ii) above as a result of changes directed by the Revolving Agent to the Reserves and/or Borrowing Base, then the Borrower shall promptly (but in no event later than one
(1) Business Day) upon obtaining knowledge thereof prepay the Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such applicable excess. 

(h)[Reserved].

(i)[Reserved].

(ji) Any mandatory or optional prepayments of a TermRevolving Loan Borrowing shall be paid to the TermRevolving Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with their
respective holdings of
TermRevolving Loans. 

(j)Any (i) mandatory prepayments of the Term Loans shall be
paid to the Term Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective holdings of Term Loans and (ii) any optional prepayments of the Term Loans shall be applied as directed by the Borrower; provided, however, that any prepayment of
a class of Term Loans specified by the Borrower shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the Term Lenders holding such class of Term Loans (e.g., any prepayment of the Effective Date Term Loans shall be paid pro rata to the Term Lenders holding
Effective Date Term Loans).

(k) All prepayments referred to in clause
(c) above are subject (i) in the case of any Net Proceeds from Prepayment Events attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries, to there being no material adverse tax consequences to Borrower, or the Subsidiaries, either individually or in the
aggregate (which, 

-65- 

for the avoidance of doubt, includes, but is not limited to, any prepayment whereby doing so Borrower and the Subsidiaries would incur a material tax liability, including in connection with a tax
dividend, deemed dividend pursuant to Section 956 of the Code or a withholding Tax) and (ii) in the case of any Net Proceeds from Prepayment Events attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries, permissibility under local law (e.g., financial
assistance, corporate benefit, restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra-group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of the relevant subsidiaries). The non-application of any prepayment amounts as a consequence of the foregoing
provisions will not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute a Default or an Event of Default, and such amounts shall be available for working capital purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as long as not required to be prepaid in accordance
this Section 2.11(k). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any prepayments required after application of this clause (k) shall be net of any costs, expenses or taxes incurred by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates and arising as a
result of compliance with the preceding sentence. 

(l) Each Term Lender may reject all or a portion of its pro rata share of any mandatory
prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds) of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (c) (with respect to Net Proceeds received from a Prepayment Event under clauses (a) or (b) of such
definition only) and (d) of this Section 2.11 by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice) to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 2:00 p.m., New York City Time, one (1) Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment. Each
Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Term Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame
specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. Any Declined Proceeds may
be retained by the Borrower. 

SECTION 2.12. Fees. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Lead Arranger and the Lenders signatory to the Fee
Letter, as applicable, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the Lenders signatory to the Fee Letter. 

(b) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for
distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

(c) Make-Whole/Prepayment Fee
AmountPremium.

(i) Make-Whole/Prepayment
Fee Amount for Effective Date Term Loans and First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents, the outstanding principal
amounts of the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and corresponding Obligations shall not be permitted to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid prior to the fourth anniversary of the First Amendment Effective
Date except in accordance with this Section 2.12(c)(i). If any Effective Date Term Loans or any First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans are prepaid (other than as a result of an event described in clause (b) of the definition of
the term Prepayment Event), in addition to the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans or First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and accrued interest, fees and other amounts owed thereon, such Effective Date Term Loans or
First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be accompanied by a premium equal to (i) if 

-66- 

such prepayment is made prior to the first anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of
Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), then the amount (in addition to the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans or First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations (other than the
Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Effective Date Term Loans and the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) and accrued interest, fees and other amounts owed thereon) required to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid shall be the Make-Whole
Premium applicable to the principal amount and interest on the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans or other corresponding Obligations (other than the Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Effective Date Term
Loans and the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (ii) if such prepayment is made on or after the first anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the second anniversary of the
First Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise
of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 5.00% of the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans
or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (iii) if such prepayment is made on or after the second anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the third anniversary of the First
Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of
any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 2.50% of the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans or
the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (iv) if such prepayment is made on or after the third anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the fourth anniversary of the First
Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Effective Date Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of
any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 1.00% of the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans or
the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid and (v) if such prepayment is made on or after the fourth anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date, 0.00% of the principal amount of the Effective Date
Term Loans or the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid (such Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Effective Date Term Loans and the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans or other amount required to be
paid (or that is otherwise owed) pursuant to the foregoing, the First Amendment Make WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount). For purposes of this
Section 2.12(c)(i), the principal amount of the Effective Date Term Loans and the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall include all PIK Interest that has been capitalized to principal. 

(ii)
Make-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount for Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents, the outstanding principal amounts of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and

-67- 

corresponding Obligations shall not be permitted to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid prior to the fourth anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date except in accordance with this
Section 2.12(c)(ii). If any Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans are prepaid (other than as a result of an event described in clause (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event), in addition to the principal
amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and accrued interest, fees and other amounts owed thereon, such Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be accompanied by a premium equal to (i) if such prepayment is made prior
to the first anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an
exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), then the amount (in addition to the principal amount of
the Loans and other Obligations (other than the Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans) and accrued interest, fees and other amounts owed thereon) required to be prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid shall be the
Make-Whole Premium applicable to the principal amount and interest on the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans or other corresponding Obligations (other than the Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans)
so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (ii) if such prepayment is made on or after the first anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date but prior to the second anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an
acceleration of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon
the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 5.00% of the principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (iii) if such prepayment is
made on or after the second anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and
other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment
or termination or otherwise), 2.50% of the principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (iv) if such prepayment is made on or after the third anniversary of the Second Amendment
Effective Date but prior to the fourth anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an
Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 1.00% of the principal amount of
the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid and (v) if such prepayment is made on or after the fourth anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date, 0.00% of the principal amount of the Second
Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid (such Make-Whole Premium applicable to the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans or other amount required to be paid (or that is otherwise owed) pursuant to the foregoing,
the Second Amendment Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee
Amount; the Second Amendment Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount andtogether with the First Amendment Make WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount, collectively, the Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee
Amount). For purposes of this Section 2.12(c)(ii), the principal amount of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall include all PIK Interest that has been capitalized to principal. 

-68- 

(iii)
Prepayment Fee Amount for Third Amendment Effective
Date Term Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents, the outstanding principal amounts of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and corresponding Obligations shall not be permitted to be prepaid, repaid,
redeemed or paid prior to May 1, 2028 except in accordance with this Section 2.12(c)(iii). If any Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans are prepaid (other than as a result of an event described in clause (b) of the definition of
the term Prepayment Event), in addition to the principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and accrued interest, fees and other amounts owed thereon, such Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be
accompanied by a premium equal to (i) if such prepayment is made prior to May 1, 2026 for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of
an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 5.00% of the principal amount
of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (ii) if such prepayment is made on or after May 1, 2026 but prior to May 1, 2027 for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Third Amendment
Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of
Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 2.50% of the principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid, (iii) if such prepayment is made on or after May 1, 2027
but prior to May 1, 2028 for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans and other corresponding Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights
or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional prepayment or termination or otherwise), 1.00% of the principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid,
redeemed or paid, and (iv) if such prepayment is made on or after May 1, 2028, 0.00% of the principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or paid (such amount required to be paid (or that is
otherwise owed) pursuant to the foregoing, the Third Amendment Prepayment Fee Amount).For purposes of this
Section 2.12(c)(iii), the principal amount of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall
include all PIK Interest that has been capitalized to principal.

(iv)
Prepayment Fee Amount for Revolving Loans.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents, the optional, permanent reductions in the outstanding Revolving Commitments (solely to the extent and in the amount, that after giving effect to such reduction, there is less
than $50,000,000 of outstanding Revolving Commitments) and corresponding Obligations shall not be permitted prior to May 1, 2028 except in accordance with this Section 2.12(c)(iv). If the Revolving Commitments are reduced to less than
$50,000,000 in the aggregate, in addition to fees and other amounts owed thereon, such reduction in the Revolving Commitments shall be accompanied by a premium equal to (i) if such permanent reduction is made prior to May 1, 2026 for any
reason (such as an acceleration of the Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any
optional reduction or termination or otherwise), 5.00% of the amount by which (i) the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments immediately prior to the reduction exceeds (ii) the aggregate
amount of Revolving Commitments immediately after to the reduction, (ii) if such permanent reduction is made on or after May 1, 2026 but prior to May 1, 2027 for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Obligations following the
occurrence of an 

-69- 

Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights
or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a Change of Control, by any optional reduction or termination or otherwise), 2.50% of the amount by which (i) the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) the aggregate
amount of Revolving Commitments immediately prior to the reduction exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments immediately after to the reduction, (iii) if such permanent reduction is made on or after May 1, 2027 but prior
to May 1, 2028 for any reason (such as an acceleration of the Obligations following the occurrence of an Event of Default, an exercise of any Credit Partys rights or remedies available under the Loan Documents, upon the consummation of a
Change of Control, by any optional reduction or termination or otherwise), 1.00% of the amount by which (i) the lesser of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments immediately prior to the reduction exceeds
(ii) the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments immediately after to the reduction, and (iv) if such permanent reduction is made on or after May 1, 2028, 0.00% of the amount of such Revolving Commitments so permanently reduced
(such amount required to be paid (or that is otherwise owed) pursuant to the foregoing, the Revolver Prepayment Fee Amount; the Revolver Prepayment Fee Amount together with the Third Amendment Prepayment Fee Amount, collectively, the
Prepayment Fee Amount; the Prepayment Fee Amount together with the Make-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount, collectively, the Prepayment Premium).

(d) The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, in light of the impracticality and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages,
the First Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount and the Second Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount
arePremium applicable to the Loans being prepaid, repaid, redeemed, paid or terminated and the
Commitments being permanently reduced is intended to be a reasonable calculation of the actual damages that would be suffered by the Credit Parties as a result of any such prepayment, repayment,
redemption,
permanent
reduction, payment or termination. The parties hereto further acknowledge and agree that the Agents and the Lenders would not have entered into this Agreement, and the Lenders would not have
provided the Commitments or Loans hereunder, without the Loan Parties agreeing to pay the First Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount and the Second Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount, as applicable,Premium applicable to the Loans being prepaid, repaid, redeemed, paid or terminated and the Commitments being permanently
reduced in the aforementioned instances. The parties hereto further acknowledge and agree that the First
Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount and the Second Amendment Make Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount
arePremium applicable to the Loans being prepaid, repaid, redeemed, paid or terminated and the
Commitments being permanently reduced is not intended to act as a penalty or to punish the Borrower or any other Loan Party for any such prepayment, repayment, redemption or payment. 

(e)The Borrower agrees to pay to Revolving Agent, for the ratable
account of the Revolving Lenders, a revolving commitment fee (the Revolving Commitment Fee) in an amount equal to (1) 0.50% times the result of (2) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments less the Average Revolver
Usage during the immediately preceding quarter (or portion thereof), which Revolving Commitment Fee shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears, on the last Business Day of each calendar quarter from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date
and on the date on which (X) the Obligations are paid in full in cash and (y) the Revolving Commitments are otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, no Revolving
Commitment Fee will be charged to the extent the Borrower is paying the Minimum Revolving Interest Amount.

SECTION 2.13. Interest. 

(a)Base Rate Borrowings.

-70- 

(ai) TheTerm Loans. The Term Loans comprising each Base Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at (i) in the event the Borrower makes a PIK Election, the sum of (A) the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate applicable to a PIK Election
paid in cash plus (B) (x) prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, 3.00% per annum and (y) from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, 3.25% per annum, in each case of clauses (B)(x) and (B)(y), paid
in-kind by adding such accrued interest to the outstanding principal balance of the applicable Term Loans on each Interest Payment Date and after giving effect to the foregoing, such accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans shall be deemed to constitute a portion of the outstanding principal balance of the Term
Loans for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including with respect to the accrual of interest thereon at the rates set forth herein (the PIK Interest) or (ii) in the event the Borrower makes a Cash
Election, the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate applicable to a Cash Election. 

(ii)The Revolving Loans comprising each Base Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
applicable to Revolving Loans.

(b)SOFR Borrowings.

(bi) The Term Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at
(i) in the event the Borrower makes a PIK Election, the sum of (A) Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate applicable to a PIK Election paid in cash plus (B) the PIK Interest or
(ii) in the event the Borrower makes a Cash Election, Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate applicable to a Cash Election. 

(ii)
The Revolving Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing
shall bear interest at Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate applicable to Revolving Loans.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, automatically upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Sections 7.01(a),
(b), (i) or (j), and at the direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders in the case of any Event of Default described in Section 7.01(d) (solely with respect to Section 6.12) or
Section 7.01(e), all outstanding Obligations shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (1) in the case of any Loan, 2.00% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the
preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.13 and (2) in the case of any other amount 2.00% plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans as provided in Section 2.13(a) (such rates referred to in this clause (c), the
Default Rates). 

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for
such Loan, provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.13(c) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or
prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the
effective date of such conversion. 

(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days, except that interest computed by reference to the Base Rate
at times when the Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred
sixty-five (365) days (or three hundred sixty-six (366) days in a
leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number

-71- 

of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For the avoidance of doubt, no date of payment shall be included in any computation. The applicable Base Rate or Term SOFR
shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, on any Interest Payment Date, :

(i)
the accrued interest on the Term Loans due on such Interest Payment Date may be paid
(ax) solely in cash at the written election of the Borrower (any such election, a Cash Election) or
(by) partially in cash and partially in kind by increasing the principal amount of the Term Loans by the amount of such interest at the written election of the Borrower (any such election, a PIK
Election); provided that the Borrower may exercise the PIK Election with respect to any such Interest Payment Date by delivering written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent no later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date and if the
Borrower fails to make any such election, the Borrower shall have deemed to have made the Cash Election for such Interest Payment Date.; and

(ii)
the accrued interest on the Revolving Loans due on
such Interest Payment Date shall be paid solely in cash.

(g) Term SOFR
for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and notice thereof shall be given by the Administrative Agent promptly to the Borrower and each Lender. Each determination of Term SOFR by the Administrative Agent shall be
conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto, in the absence of demonstrable error. The Administrative Agent shall, upon written request of the Borrower or any Lender, deliver to the Borrower or such Lender a statement showing the computations
used by the Administrative Agent in determining Term SOFR hereunder. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative
Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

(h)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document to the contrary, at all times prior to the termination of the Revolving Commitments, to the extent that, on any date, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the drawn Revolving Loans is less than the greater of (x) 50% of the
aggregate Revolving Commitment and (y) $50,000,000, the amount of interest payable on account of the Revolving Loans shall be equal to the amount of interest that would be payable had the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans
equal to the greater of (x) 50% of the aggregate Revolving Commitments and (y) $50,000,000 (the Minimum Revolving Interest Amount). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, solely for purposes of calculating
the Minimum Revolving Interest Amount, any drawn Revolving Loans will be assessed as SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month, irrespective of whether such Revolving Loans initially constituted a Base Rate Borrowing or SOFR Borrowing
(and with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, irrespective of the original Interest Period specified for such SOFR Borrowing).

SECTION 2.14. Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of
a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent 

-72- 

and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective
at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the
Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.14(a)
will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In
connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the
Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent
will promptly notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.14(d) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or
election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent
from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any
time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a
screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Borrower or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any
similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently
displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark
Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to
have 

-73- 

converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark
is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in Term SOFR); or 

(ii) impose on any Lender any Taxes (except for Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes, and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan
principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender any other condition affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by such Lender or
participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making or
maintaining any SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal,
interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction
suffered; provided that such Person shall only be entitled to seek such additional amounts if such Person is generally seeking the payment of similar additional amounts from similarly situated borrowers in comparable credit facilities to the
extent it is entitled to do so. 

(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of
such Lender or such Lenders holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any,
as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies
and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders
holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided that such Person shall only be entitled to seek such additional amounts if such Person is generally seeking the payment of similar additional amounts from similarly situated borrowers
in comparable credit facilities to the extent it is entitled to do so. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(i) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in
implementation thereof, shall in each case be deemed to be a change in law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

-74- 

(d) A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and
computation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as applicable, as specified in Section 2.15(a) or (b) shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after
receipt thereof. 

(e) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this
Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any
increased costs or reductions incurred more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to
the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor, provided, further, that, if the Change in Law
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the two hundred seventy (270)-day period
referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding
Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other
than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked
under Section 2.11(f) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (but not lost profits). In the case of a SOFR Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall
be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at Term SOFR that would have been
applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period
for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate that such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable
amount and period from other banks in the SOFR market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
additional amounts shall be due and payable pursuant to this Section 2.16 to the extent that on the relevant due date the Borrower deposits in a Prepayment Account an amount equal to any payment of SOFR Loans otherwise required to be
made on a date that is not the last day of the applicable Interest Period; provided that on the last day of the applicable Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized, without any further action by or notice to or from the
Borrower or any other Loan Party, to apply such amount to the prepayment of such SOFR Loans. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Prepayment Account shall mean a non-interest bearing account established by the Borrower with the
Administrative Agent and over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the right of withdrawal for application in accordance with this Section 2.16. 

SECTION 2.17. Taxes. 

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made
free and clear of and without deduction or 

-75- 

withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or
withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such
deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Without duplication of other amounts paid by any Loan Party under this Section 2.17, the applicable Loan Party shall pay
any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) The applicable Loan Party shall
indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within 30 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on or with respect to any
payment by or on account of any obligation of such Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17),
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy
to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for
(i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Loan Parties have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting or expanding
the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any
Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each
Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any
amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, if any, a copy
of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under
any Loan Document shall deliver to the 

-76- 

Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent,
shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to
backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in this
Section 2.17(f)(ii)(1), (ii)(2) and (ii)(4) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or
expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, 

(1) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is not subject to U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(2) any Foreign Lender shall, to
the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this
Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such
tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or
other income article of such tax treaty; 

(B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under
Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or 

-77- 

(D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner,
executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each
beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(3) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(4) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under
FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (4), FATCA shall include any
amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or
becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(g) On or before the date the Administrative Agent becomes a party to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall provide to the
Borrower, two duly-signed, properly completed copies of the documentation prescribed in clause (i) or (ii) below, as applicable (together with all required attachments thereto): (i) IRS Form W-9 or any successor thereto, or
(ii) (A) IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto, and (B) with respect to payments received on account of any Lender, a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY or any successor thereto evidencing its agreement with the
Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person for U.S. federal withholding purposes. At any time thereafter, the Administrative Agent 

-78- 

shall provide updated documentation previously provided (or a successor form thereto) when any documentation previously delivered has expired or become obsolete or invalid or otherwise upon the
reasonable request of the Borrower. 

(h) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has
received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified (including by payment of additional amounts) pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to the indemnifying party (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the indemnifying party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of such indemnified party and without interest (other
than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the indemnifying party, upon the request of the indemnified party, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the indemnifying party
pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the indemnified party in the event the indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such
Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would
place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the
indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section paragraph (h) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating
to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(i) Failure or delay on the part of any
Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.17 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation,
provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Section 2.17 for any Taxes or related costs suffered more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative
Agent notifies the Borrower of the event giving rise to such claim and of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the circumstance giving rise to such demand for compensation is
retroactive, then the two hundred seventy (270)-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period
of retroactive effect thereof). 

(j) Each partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the
resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(k) Borrower and each Lender acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal and other applicable income tax purposes, the Term Loans have
original issue discount (OID) within the meaning of Section 1272 of the Code, and shall not be treated as contingent payment debt instruments as defined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1275-4.
Information regarding the amount of any OID, the issue price, the issue date and the yield to maturity of the Term Loans
and the Revolving Loans may be obtained by writing to the Borrower
at the address specified in Section 9.01. Neither Borrower nor any Lender shall take any tax position inconsistent with this Section 2.17(k) unless otherwise required by the final determination of a tax authority following a
tax audit or examination. 

-79- 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs. 

(a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal,
interest or fees (including any Make Whole/Prepayment Fee
AmountPremium), or of amounts payable under
SectionSections
2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) at or prior to the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly
required, prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be
deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at the account as most recently designated in writing for the
receipt of such payments, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the
Persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under any Loan Document shall
be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All
payments under each Loan Document shall be made in dollars. 

(b) IfSubject to
Section 2.18(g), if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such
funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and
(ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon
such assumption and in its sole discretion, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on
demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds
Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(e) If
any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to SectionSections 2.06, 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the
Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such
Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

(f) Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein
or in any other Loan Document, so long as no Waterfall Trigger Event has occurred, which shall then be subject to
Section 2.18(g) below, (i) during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and shall upon the direction of Required Lenders apply any and all payments
received by the Administrative Agent in respect of any Obligation in accordance with clauses first through sixth below; and (ii) all payments 

-80- 

made by Loan Parties to the Administrative Agent after any or all of the Obligations under the Loan Documents have been accelerated (so long as such acceleration has not been rescinded) or have
otherwise matured, including proceeds of Collateral, shall be applied as follows: 

(i) first, to payment of
costs, expenses and indemnities of the Administrative
AgentAgents payable or reimbursable by the Loan
Parties under the Loan Documents; 

(ii)
second, to payment of costs, expenses and
indemnities of the Lenders payable or reimbursable by the Loan Parties under this Agreement;

(iii)
third, to payment of all accrued unpaid interest on
the Obligations and fees owed to the Agents and the Lenders (whether or not accruing after the filing of any case under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any Obligations and whether or not a claim for such post-filing or post-petition interest,
fees, and charges is allowed or allowable in any such proceeding);

(iv)
fourth, to payment of principal of the Obligations
(including any Prepayment Premium) then due and payable to the extent not then due and payable;

(v)
fifth, to payment of any other amounts owing
constituting Obligations; and

(vi)sixth, any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto.

In carrying out the
foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied to each category in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to the application to the immediately succeeding category, (ii) each of the Lenders or other Persons entitled to
payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses third, fourth and fifth above and (iii) no payments by a Guarantor and no proceeds of Collateral of a Guarantor shall be applied
to Obligations, the guaranty of which by such Guarantor would constitute an Excluded Swap Obligation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, obligations in respect of Swap Agreements with parties that are not Affiliates of the Administrative Agent shall be
excluded from the application described above unless at least three (3) Business Days prior to any distribution, the Administrative Agent has received written notice from the applicable Credit Party (or its Affiliate) of the amount of
Obligations in respect of Swap Agreements or then due and payable, together with such supporting documentation as Agent may request.

(g)Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein or in
any other Loan Document, during the continuance of Waterfall Trigger Event, the Administrative Agent shall apply any and all payments received by the Administrative Agent in respect of any Obligation shall be applied as follows:

(i)
first, to payment of costs, expenses and indemnities
of the Agents payable or reimbursable by the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents;

(ii) second, to payment of costs, expenses and indemnities of the Revolving Lenders payable or reimbursable by the Loan Parties under
this Agreement; 

(iii) third, to payment of all accrued unpaid interest on the Obligations in respect of the Revolving Loans, Extraordinary Advances, Swingline Advances and fees owed to the
AdministrativeRevolving
Agent and the Revolving Lenders (whether or not accruing after the filing of any case under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any Obligations
in respect of the

-81- 

Revolving Loans, Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances
and whether or not a claim for such post-filing or post-petition interest, fees, and charges is allowed or allowable in any such proceeding); 

(iv) fourth, to payment of principal of the Obligations in respect of the Revolving Loans, Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances (including any Make
Whole/Revolver Prepayment Fee Amount) then due and
payable to the extent not then due and payable; 

(v) fifth, to payment of any other amounts owing
constituting Obligations; andin respect of the Revolving Loans, Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances;

(vi)
sixth, to payment of costs, expenses and indemnities
of the Term Lenders payable or reimbursable by the Loan Parties under this Agreement;

(vii)
seventh, to payment of all accrued unpaid interest
on the Obligations in respect of the Term Loans and fees owed to the Administrative Agent and the Term Lenders (whether or not accruing after the filing of any case under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any Obligations in respect of the Term
Loans and whether or not a claim for such post-filing or post-petition interest, fees, and charges is allowed or allowable in any such proceeding);

(viii)
eighth, to payment of principal of the Obligations
in respect of the Term Loans (including any Prepayment Premium applicable to the Term Loans) then due and payable to the extent not then due and payable;

(ix)
ninth, to payment of any other amounts owing
constituting Obligations in respect of the Term Loans; and

(vix) sixthtenth
, any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. 

In carrying out the foregoing, (i) amounts received shall be applied to each category in the numerical order provided until exhausted prior to the
application to the immediately succeeding category, (ii) each of the Lenders or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant to clauses third, fourth and, fifth, seventh, eighth and ninth above and (iii) no payments by a Guarantor and no proceeds of Collateral of a Guarantor shall be applied to Obligations, the guaranty of which by such Guarantor would constitute an Excluded Swap Obligation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, obligations in respect of Swap Agreements with parties that are not Affiliates of the Administrative Agent shall be excluded from the application described above unless at least three (3) Business Days prior to any distribution, the Administrative
Agent has received written notice from the applicable Credit Party (or its Affiliate) of the amount of Obligations in respect of Swap Agreements or then due and payable, together with such supporting documentation as Agent may request. 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to
assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or 

-82- 

assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to SectionSections 2.15 or 2.17, as applicable, in the future and
(ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any
such designation or assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the
Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole
expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests,
rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and
all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting
from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required
to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

SECTION
2.20. Bank Accounts and Collections.

(a)The Loan Parties shall establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent at one or more banks reasonably satisfactory to Agent (each, a Cash Management Bank). Within ninety (90) days of the Third Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as Collateral Agent may reasonably agree in its
sole discretion), each Loan Party shall make any reasonable changes to their existing cash management structure, including but not limited to entering into Springing Control Agreement(s) with the applicable Cash Management Bank(s) for each Deposit
Account of Loan Parties (other than with respect to Excluded Accounts). Within thirty (30) days (or such later date as Collateral Agent may reasonably agree in its sole discretion) after the creation or acquisition of any new Deposit Account or
Securities Account or any interest therein by a Loan Party, such Loan Party shall enter into a Springing Control Agreement, Deposit Account Control Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement, as applicable, with the applicable Cash Management
Bank(s), in each case in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Section 2.20 and Section 4.06 of the Collateral Agreement. Schedule 3.23 sets forth a complete listing of Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts for each Loan
Party as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, including the identification of the Loan Party ownership, the name and address of the applicable Cash Management Bank, the account number, the purpose or usage of the account, and a designation of the
account as a Controlled Deposit Account, Controlled Securities Account, Springing Control Account or Excluded Account.

(b)Each Springing Control Agreement shall provide, among other
things, that the applicable Cash Management Bank will comply with any instructions originated by Collateral Agent directing the disposition of the funds in the applicable Deposit Account subject to such Springing Control Agreement, without further
consent by the applicable Loan Party. With respect to each Springing Control Account, unless a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent shall not provide instructions to the applicable Cash Management Bank regarding
the disposition of funds in such

-83- 

account. Upon the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event that is
continuing, the Required Lenders will maintain the right, in their sole discretion, to exercise rights provided for in each Springing Control Agreement, including requiring the applicable Cash Management Bank to forward funds in the applicable
Deposit Account to the Collateral Agent to be applied in accordance with Section 2.18(f) or Section 2.18(g), as applicable; provided, that, prior to the exercise of such rights, upon the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event that is
continuing, at the sole election of Required Lenders, all amounts received in such Springing Control Account shall be sent on each Business Day by wire transfer or ACH payment to Collateral Agent for application at the end of each Business Day to
the payment of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.18(f) or Section 2.18(g), as applicable. The provisions of Sections 4.06(c) of the Collateral Agreement with respect to Controlled Deposit Accounts and Controlled Securities
Accounts are incorporated herein by reference.

(c)Collateral Agent shall credit to the payment of the Obligations any funds received by Collateral Agent for which Collateral
Agent has received notice that such funds are collected and available to Collateral Agent (i) on the same day of Collateral Agents receipt of such notice if such notice is received by Collateral Agent on or before 2:00 p.m., New York City
time, on a Business Day, and (ii) on the Business Day immediately following Agents receipt of such notice if such notice is received by Collateral Agent after 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day, or if such notice is received
by Collateral Agent on a day that is not a Business Day. It is understood and agreed that the transfer and crediting of funds from a Springing Control Account may take up to two (2) Business Days.

(d)Each Loan Party will deposit or cause to be deposited, no later
than the first (1st) Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and
all other amounts received by such Loan Party (including payments made by Account Debtors directly to such Loan Party and remittances on credit card sales), in each case, to the extent constituting Collateral, into a Deposit Account that is subject
to a Springing Control Agreement, an Excluded Account that sweeps daily to a Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control Agreement or to a lockbox, to the extent funds collected therefrom are deposited directly into a Deposit Account that
is subject Springing Control Agreement.

(e)No Loan Party shall maintain or permit any of its Subsidiaries to maintain cash, Cash Equivalents, or other amounts in any
Deposit Account (other than an Excluded Account), unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a Springing Control Agreement in respect of each such account.

(f)Each Loan Party shall cause each Person processing or
collecting any credit card payments or proceeds of receivables on behalf of the Loan Parties to deliver such payments or proceeds promptly, but not less frequently than once per week, into a Deposit Account that is subject to a Springing Control
Agreement.

(g)If at any time, any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any proceeds or collections in contravention
of this Section 2.20, such proceeds and collections shall (i) be held in trust by such Loan Party for benefit of the Collateral Agent, (ii) not be commingled with any of such Loan Partys other funds or deposited in any account
of such Loan Party, and (iii) be deposited into the Revolving Agents Account or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Collateral Agent, no later than the Business Day after receipt
thereof.

-84- 

SECTION 2.21.
Defaulting Lenders.

(a)Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by the applicable Requirements of Law:

(i)
Waivers and Amendments. That Defaulting
Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 9.02.

(ii)
Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal,
interest, fees or other amounts received by the Agents for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.18(f) or Article VII or otherwise, and including any amounts made
available to any Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Agents as follows: first, to Revolving Agent to the extent of any Swingline Advances and
Extraordinary Advances that were made by Revolving Agent and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, second, to the payment of any other amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the applicable Agent hereunder; third,
as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Agents; fourth, if
so determined by the Agents and the Borrower, to be held in a noninterest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fifth, to the
payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this
Agreement; sixth, so long as no Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that
Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and seventh, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any
Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender
shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)
Certain Fees. A Revolving Lender that is a
Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Minimum Revolving Interest Amount or Revolving Commitment Fees, for any period during which that Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such
fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).

(b)Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and each Agent agree in
writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to
any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Agents may determine to be necessary to cause the Lenders to hold their
respective pro rata share of Loans, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender
was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the

-85- 

affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to a
Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

(c)Replacement of Defaulting Lenders. Each Lender agrees that,
during the time in which any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall have the right (and the Administrative Agent shall, if requested by the Borrower), at the sole expense of the Borrowers, upon notice to such Defaulting Lender
and the Borrower, to require that such Defaulting Lender assign and delegate, without recourse, all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee, approved by the Borrower (unless an Event of Default shall
exist) and the Administrative Agent, that shall assume such obligations.

ARTICLE III 

Representations and
Warranties 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Power. Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has the power and authority and all governmental rights, qualifications, approvals, authorizations, permits, accreditations, licenses and franchises
material to the business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole that are necessary to own its assets, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted and, in the case of the Loan Parties, to execute, deliver
and perform its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party and (c) except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do
business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization;
Enforceability. The Transactions to be entered into by each Loan Party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower
and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.03 the Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except
those that are required or permitted to be obtained following consummation of the Transactions, the absence of which individually or in the aggregate are not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect and filings necessary to perfect
Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, as applicable, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material
agreement or instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or give rise to a right of, or
result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any material obligation thereunder, (d) will not result in the 

-86- 

creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, except Liens created under the Loan Documents and (e) will not violate any judgment, order, decree
or injunction that is binding upon any Loan Party or any of their respective properties. 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No
Material Adverse Change; Projections; No Default. 

(a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders the Annual Financial
Statements. Such Annual Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied. 

(b) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders the Pro Forma Financial Statements. Such Pro Forma
Financial Statements have been prepared in good faith by the Borrower. 

(c) Except for (i) liabilities reflected in or reserved
against in the financial statements referred to above or the notes thereto, (ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and (iii) liabilities incurred in connection with the Transactions, after giving effect to the
Transactions, none of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries has, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, any liabilities that are, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) No event, change, condition or state of facts has occurred that has resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect since June 30, 2022. 

(e) The Projections have been prepared in good faith based
upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time furnished, it being recognized by the Agents and the Lenders that such Projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or
periods covered by any such Projections may differ from the projected results and such differences may be material. 

(f) No Default
or Event of Default exists or would immediately result from the incurrence by any Loan Party of any Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 

(g) As of the
Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
have no Indebtedness other than the Google Note and Indebtedness set forth in Schedule 6.01(iii). 

(h) As of the
Effective Date, other than the Loan Documents, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not party to any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (i) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to
create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets or (ii) the ability of any Subsidiary to make Investments or to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or
repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to restrictions and conditions (A) imposed by law or by any Loan Document,
(B) existing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and
identified on Schedule 6.10 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition unless such amendment is not otherwise prohibited by
Section 6.11), (C) contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted
hereunder, (D) imposed by any customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into the ordinary course of business, (E) imposed by any instrument or agreement governing Indebtedness of a Subsidiary

-87- 

acquired by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries as in effect at the time of such acquisition (except to the extent such Indebtedness was incurred in connection with or in contemplation of
such acquisition), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any such Person, other than the Person or any of its Subsidiaries, so acquired (provided that such Indebtedness was permitted
by Section 6.01 to be incurred), (F) imposed by any instrument or agreement governing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is incurred or issued subsequent to the Third Amendment Effective Date and is permitted pursuant to
Section 6.01 (provided that the restrictions in such Indebtedness are not materially more restrictive in the aggregate than the restrictions contained in this Agreement) and (G) solely with respect to clause (i), customary
provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 

SECTION 3.05. Properties. 

(a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property
material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 6.02. 

(b) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries owns, licenses or possesses the right to use all trademarks, trade names, copyrights,
patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries does not, to the knowledge of the Borrower, infringe upon the rights of any other Person. 

(c) Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each real property owned, leased or otherwise held by any of the Loan Parties as of
the Third Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the
Transactions. 

(d) No Mortgage encumbers improved real property that is located in an area that has been identified by the
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance available under such Act has been obtained in accordance with
Section 5.07 unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

SECTION 3.06. Litigation. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.06, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any
Subsidiary that would reasonably be likely to, individually or in the aggregate, (i) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) adversely affect in any material respect the ability of the Loan Parties to consummate the Transactions or the
other transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.07, and as is not reasonably likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law (including all Health Care Laws and Public
Health Laws) applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. 

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status. No Loan Party is or is required to be registered as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed
all Federal and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to 

-88- 

be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) any Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.10. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred, or is reasonably likely to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA
Events for which liability is reasonably likely to occur, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan did not, as of the date of the most recent financial
statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair value of the assets of such Plan, except as would not reasonably be likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.11. Reports. As of the
Third Amendment Effective Date, none of the other written reports,
financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered
hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished and taken as a whole) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any projected financial information other than the projected financial information included in such information and with respect to such
projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by it to be reasonable at the time delivered. 

SECTION 3.12. Subsidiaries. As of the
Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower does not have any
subsidiaries other than the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 3.12. Schedule 3.12 sets forth the name of, and the ownership or beneficial interest of the Borrower in, each Subsidiary and identifies whether such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary
Loan Party. 

SECTION 3.13. Insurance. Schedule 3.13 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on
behalf of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Borrower believes that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is adequate. 

SECTION 3.14. Labor Matters. As of the
Third Amendment Effective Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or
slowdowns against the Borrower or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor
Standards Act or any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters in any manner. All payments due from the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against the Borrower or any Subsidiary, on
account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary. The consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to any right of
termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is bound. Set forth on Schedule 3.14 is a list and description (including dates of termination)
of all collective bargaining or similar agreements between or applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any union, labor organization or other bargaining agent in respect of the employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 3.15. Solvency. Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Third Amendment Effective Date, (a) the fair value of the assets of
the Borrower, and its subsidiaries, 

-89- 

on a consolidated basis, at fair valuation, exceeds, on a consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the
property of the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or
otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities
become absolute and matured and (d) the Borrower and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, do not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is
proposed to be conducted following the date hereof. 

SECTION 3.16. Margin Regulations. The Borrower is not engaged nor will it
engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock,
and no proceeds of any Borrowings will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U. 

SECTION 3.17. Patriot Act. 

(a) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any requirement of applicable Law relating to terrorism or money
laundering (Anti-Terrorism Laws), including Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001 (the Executive Order), and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (the USA Patriot Act). 

(b) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any broker or other agent of the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans is any of the following: 

(i) a
Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; 

(ii) a
Person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order; 

(iii) a Person with which any Lender is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any
Anti-Terrorism Law; 

(iv) a Person that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports terrorism
as defined in the Executive Order; or 

(v) a Person that is named as a specially designated national and
blocked person on the most current list published by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such
list. 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no broker or other agent of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans (i) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any person described in
Section 3.17(b) above in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (ii) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property 

-90- 

or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, or (iii) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids,
or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law. 

SECTION
3.18. Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees and
agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, and except as is not reasonably likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the
knowledge of the Borrower, its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects. No part of the proceeds of any Loans hereunder will be used directly, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or indirectly, to the
knowledge of the Borrower, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws. 

SECTION 3.19. Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Borrower and the Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all of
the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, licenses, technology, software, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights)
that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, and, without conflict with the rights of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, either individually or in the aggregate, are not
reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and the Subsidiaries in the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted do not infringe upon any rights held by any Person except for such infringements,
individually or in the aggregate, which are not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the IP Rights, owned by the Borrower or the Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any Subsidiary in which the amount of damages claimed is $2,500,000 or more. 

Except pursuant
to licenses and other user agreements entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, on and as of the date hereof (i) each such Person owns and possesses the right to use, and has done nothing to authorize or
enable any other Person to use, any copyright, patent or trademark listed in Section 10(a), 10(b) or 10(c) of the Perfection Certificate and (ii) all registrations listed in Section 10(c) of the Perfection Certificate are valid and in
full force and effect, except, in each case, to the extent failure to own or possess such right to use or of such registrations to be valid and in full force and effect is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION
3.20.[Reserved].Locations
of Accounts and Collateral. Schedule 3.20 lists all locations at which books and records relating to the Accounts and Collateral, including, but not limited to, all Documents and Instruments relating to receivables and Inventory, are maintained by
Borrower or by any other Person.

SECTION 3.21. Environmental
Compliance. 

(a) Except with respect to any matters that have been resolved in compliance with Environmental Law or that,
individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any required
Environmental Permit or to provide any notification required under any Environmental Law or has become subject to any Environmental Liability, and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice of any claims,
actions, suits, or proceedings alleging potential liability or violation of, any Environmental Law, and to Borrowers knowledge no such claims, actions, suits or proceedings are threatened. 

-91- 

(b) Except as not reasonably likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is listed or proposed for listing on the NPL or on the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or
local list; (ii) there are no underground storage tanks or surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed on any property currently owned, leased or
operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or, to the Borrowers knowledge, on any property formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material in
violation of Environmental Law at or on any facility, equipment or property currently owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; and (iv) to the Borrowers knowledge, there has been no Release of Hazardous Materials by
any Person on any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and there has been no Release of Hazardous Materials by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries at any other location. 

(c) To the Borrowers knowledge, the properties owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or the Subsidiaries do not contain any
Hazardous Materials in amounts or concentrations which (i) constitute, or constituted a violation of, or (ii) require remedial action under, Environmental Laws, which violations and remedial actions, individually or in the aggregate, are
reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary are conducting or financing,
either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either
voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law except for such investigation or assessment or remedial or response action that, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably
likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) To the Borrowers knowledge, all Hazardous Materials generated, used,
treated, handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower, or any Subsidiary have been disposed of in a manner compliant with Environmental Law, except to the extent not reasonably
likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Except for environmental provisions contained
within leases executed by Borrower or any Subsidiary, and except as would not be reasonably likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has contractually assumed any
liability or obligation under or relating to any Environmental Law. 

SECTION 3.22. Health Care Regulatory Matters. 

(a) As of the
Third Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Party is in compliance
with, and is conducting and, for the six years preceding the Third Amendment Effective Date, has conducted its respective business and operations in compliance with, the requirements of all Health Care Laws and Public Health Laws, except for such non-compliance which, individually or in
the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

-92- 

(b) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have all Registrations issued or supervised by
any Public Health Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Authority required to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to have all such Registrations could not reasonably be expected to, individually or
in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. Each of such Registrations is valid and subsisting in full force and effect, except where the failure to be so could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result
in Material Regulatory Liabilities. To the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, none of any Public Health Regulatory Agency or any other Governmental Authority is considering limiting, suspending, or revoking such partys submission
to any Public Health Regulatory Agency or any other Governmental Authority; provided, that, in each case of the foregoing clauses, where such false or misleading information or omissions could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities and excluding any material limitations or omissions that were clearly disclosed to the recipient of a listed item. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not failed to fulfill and perform their
obligations which are due under each Registration held by or licensed to them, and no event has occurred or condition or state of facts exists which would constitute a breach or default under any such Registration, in each case that would reasonably
be expected to cause Material Regulatory Liabilities. To the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, any third party that is a manufacturer or contractor for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Registrations from any
Public Health Regulatory Agency and any other Governmental Authority insofar as they pertain to the manufacture of product components or products or the analysis or generation of data for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, except where the failure
to so be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. 

(c) All products developed, manufactured, tested, distributed, marketed, or sold by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
that are subject to the jurisdiction of any Public Health Regulatory Agency or any other Governmental Authority (x) have been and are being developed, tested, manufactured, investigated, distributed, marketed, and sold in compliance with the
applicable Public Health Laws or any other applicable Requirement of
Law, including, without limitation and to the extent applicable, in material compliance with any pre-market notification or pre-market approval requirements, good manufacturing practices, quality
system requirements, labeling requirements, advertising requirements, record keeping requirements and adverse event reporting requirements, and (y) have been and are being tested, investigated, distributed, marketed, and sold in compliance with
the applicable Public Health Laws or any other applicable Requirement of Law, except, in each case of clauses (x) and (y), where such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. 

(d) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not received and are not subject to any administrative or regulatory action, warning letter,
notice of violation letter, or other similar written notice, complaint or inquiry made by any Public Health Regulatory Agency or any other Governmental Authority asserting that the development, testing, investigation, manufacture, distribution,
marketing or sale of the products of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any applicable lawRequirement of Law, except those noncompliance that could not reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. To the extent applicable, (x) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have made all notifications, submissions, and reports required by any such Governmental
Authority, and (y) all such notifications, submissions and reports provided by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries were, to their knowledge, true, complete, and correct in all material respects as of the date of submission to any Public Health
Regulatory Agency or any other Governmental Authority, except, where such failure to comply with (x) or (y) could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. 

-93- 

(e) No product of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries has been seized, withdrawn,
recalled, detained, or subject to a suspension of manufacturing, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no facts or circumstances reasonably likely to cause (x) the seizure, denial, withdrawal, recall, detention, field notification,
field correction, safety alert or suspension of manufacturing relating to any such product; (y) a material adverse change in the labeling of any such product; or (z) a termination, seizure or suspension of marketing of any such product,
except, in each case, where such events could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liabilities. No proceedings in the United States or any other jurisdiction seeking the withdrawal, recall,
suspension, import detention, or seizure of any such product are pending or, to the knowledge the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, threatened against the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, except where such proceeding could not reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, result in Material Regulatory Liability. 

SECTION 3.23. Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts.
Schedule 3.23 sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the Third Amendment Effective Date of all deposit, checking, and other bank accounts, all securities and other accounts maintained with any broker dealer or other securities intermediary, and all other similar accounts maintained by
each Loan Party, together with a description thereof (including the bank, broker dealer, or securities intermediary at which each such account is maintained and the account number and the purpose thereof). All such accounts shall be subject to
Control Agreements to the extent required by Section 2.20 of this Agreement or the Collateral Agreement. 

SECTION 3.24. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Term Loans will used by the Borrower for the purposes specified in Section 5.11 of this Agreement.

SECTION 3.25. Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has any Liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether known or unknown, accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due), whether based on strict liability, negligence, breach of warranty (express or implied), other than Liabilities
(a) accrued, reflected or reserved against in the Annual Financial Statements dated December 31, 2021 or (b) that are current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries since
December 31, 2021. 

SECTION
3.26. Eligible Accounts; Borrowing Base. As to each Account that is identified by any Loan Party as an Eligible Account in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to the Revolving Agent, (a) such Account is a bona fide existing payment
obligation of the applicable Account Debtor created by the rendition of services to such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of a Loan Partys business, (b) the portion of such Account included in the Borrowing Base and not already
excluded in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Eligible Account, is owed to a Loan Party without any known defenses, set-offs, recoupments, counterclaims, deductions, discounts, credits, chargebacks, freight claims, allowances, or
adjustments, and (c) the portion of such Account included in the Borrowing Base not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Revolving Agent-discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of
Eligible Accounts. Each other component of the Borrowing Base in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to the Revolving Agent is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth in the applicable definition
therefor.

-94- 

ARTICLE IV 

Conditions
Precedent

SECTION 4.01. Conditions Precedent to the Borrowing of Effective DateTerm Loans. The obligations of the Lenders to make Effective Date Term Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the
date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived): 

(a) There shall not have occurred a Material
Adverse Effect on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since June 30, 2022. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall
have received unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2022. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received financial projections for the Borrower and its subsidiaries for the three year period
following the Effective Date. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart
of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart
of this Agreement. 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request in substantially the form attached as
Exhibit E, which shall have been delivered in accordance with the requirements hereof. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have
received the Confidential Disclosure Letter. 

(g) The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Cooley LLP, counsel for the Borrower in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the
Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 

(h) The Administrative Agent shall have received: 

(i) The charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation or comparable document of each Loan Party,
certified as of a recent date prior to the Effective Date by the Secretary of State (or comparable public official) of such Persons jurisdiction of incorporation or formation; 

(ii) A certificate of good standing (or comparable certificate) for each Loan Party, certified as of a recent date prior
to the Effective Date by the Secretary of State (or comparable public official) of such Persons jurisdiction of incorporation or formation; and 

(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or comparable officer) of each Loan Party, dated the
Effective Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and correct copy of (x) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation or comparable document and (y) bylaws or other organizational or governing
documents of such Person as in effect on the Effective Date; (B) that attached thereto are true and correct copies of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors or other governing body of such Person and continuing in effect, which
authorize the execution, delivery and performance by such Person each Loan Document executed or to be executed by such Person and the consummation of the 

-95- 

transactions contemplated thereby; and (C) the incumbency, signatures and authority of the officers of such Person authorized to execute, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to be
executed by such Person. 

(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Financial Officer of the Borrower
confirming of the absence of any material action, suit, investigation or proceeding, pending or threatened, that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect or could materially affect (i) the ability of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents or (ii) the rights and remedies of the Lenders and Agents under the Loan Documents. 

(j) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Financial Officer in substantially the form attached as Exhibit J
hereto, certifying that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions, are solvent. 

(k) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Sections 4.01(o) and (p). 

(l) So long as requested at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5)
days prior to the Effective Date, a duly executed IRS Form W-9 (or other applicable tax form) and all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities concerning the Loan
Parties under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act. 

(m) Payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid on the Effective Date shall have been paid, to the extent invoiced in
reasonable detail with supporting documentation, from the proceeds of the initial funding under this Agreement. 

(n) The Collateral
Agent shall have, for the benefit of the Lenders, a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) in all Collateral in which a lien can be perfected by (i) the filing of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement,
and/or (ii) in the case of Equity Interests or other certificated security of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties, possession of such Equity Interests or other certificated securities and the Collateral Agent shall have received
(i) the duly executed Perfection Certificate and (ii) the duly executed Collateral Agreement. 

(o) The representations and
warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materially,
Material Adverse Effect or a similar term, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except to
the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is
qualified by materially, Material Adverse Effect or a similar term, in which
case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date). 

(p) At the time
of and immediately after giving effect to the Borrowing of the Effective Date Term Loans on the Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

-96- 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice
shall be conclusive and binding. 

SECTION
4.02. Conditions Precedent to Borrowings after the Third Amendment Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to any Loans hereunder after the Third Amendment Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of each of the following
conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall
be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materially, Material Adverse Effect or a similar term, in which case such representation and warranty
shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by materially, Material Adverse Effect or a similar term, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true
and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date).

(b)No Default. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to the Borrowing of such Loans, no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing.

(c)Borrowing Request. Prior to the making of each Loan, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request (in
writing) meeting the requirements of Section 2.02 or Section 2.04, as applicable.

(d)Borrowing Base Certificate. Prior to the making of each
Revolving Loan, the Revolving Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate no later than the time that the Borrowing Request with respect thereto is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.04 (or such later time as the
Revolving Agent may agree).

ARTICLE V 

Affirmative Covenants 

Until the
Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full, each of the Borrower covenants and agrees with the
Lenders that: 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for
distribution to each Lender): 

(a) within (x)
one hundred fifty (150) days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and
(y) one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower thereafter, in
each case, subject to any SEC Extension (if applicable), its audited consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, and the related
notes thereto, and setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by an independent public accountant of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like
qualification or exception (other than a disclosure, an exception or a qualification solely resulting from (1) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or (2) an actual Default under the Financial Performance Covenants) and without any
qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; 

-97- 

(b) within
sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing
with the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, in each case, subject to any SEC Extension (if applicable) its consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and statements of operations and changes in stockholders
equity, in each case for such fiscal quarter, and setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified
by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(c) prior to an IPO, within thirty-five (35) days after the end of each of the first two months of each fiscal
quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the month ending August 31, 2022, monthly reports; 

(d) concurrently with any
delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or in the case of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year inunder Section 5.01(b), a certificate ofCompliance
Certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower,
(i) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to
be taken with respect thereto and (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the Financial Performance Covenants; 

(e) within
sixty (60) days after the commencement of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a
detailed consolidated budget for such fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of projected operations and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year); 

(f) [reserved]; 

(g) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials
filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC or with any national securities exchange, as applicable; 

(h) [reserved]; and

(i) promptly following any written request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and
financial condition of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Plan, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in each case subject to the
limitations set forth herein. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations this Section 5.01 may be satisfied with respect to information
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary by furnishing the applicable financial statements of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) Form 10-K, 10-Q or 8-K, as applicable, filed with the SEC; provided that, with respect to
clauses (A) and (B), (i) to the extent such information relates to a parent of the Borrower, such information is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating
to the Borrower (or such parent), on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower on a standalone basis, on the other hand and (ii) to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under
Section 5.01(a), such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or such other firm 

-98- 

reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or any other independent registered public accounting firm reasonably determined to be of nationally recognized standing, which report and
opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception (other than solely resulting from (1) the impending maturity of any
Indebtedness or (2) an Default under the Financial Performance Covenants) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 

Documents
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (f) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date on which the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that it has filed such documents on the SECs EDGAR system (or any successor system adopted by the SEC). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary shall be required to deliver, disclose, permit the inspection,
examination or making of copies of or excerpts from, or any discussion of, any document, information, or other matter (i) that constitutes a non-financial trade secret or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which
disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors)) is prohibited by applicable lawRequirements of Law, fiduciary duty or binding agreement,
(iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) with respect to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations (to the extent not created in contemplation
of such Loan Partys or Subsidiarys obligations under this Section 5.01) to any third party. 

SECTION 5.02.
Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender), written notice of the following promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof
and what action the applicable Loan Parties propose to take with respect thereto; 

(b) within five (5) Business Days after an
authorized officer of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge thereof, notice from an authorized officer of the Borrower of (i) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation, action, proceeding or labor
controversy or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or its respective property (including in respect of Environmental Laws and the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries intellectual property) (A) in which
the amount of damages could reasonably be expected to exceed $5,000,000, (B) which is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (C) which purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document
or (ii) the occurrence of any material adverse development with respect to any litigation, action, proceeding or labor controversy described in Schedule 3.06, and, in each case together with a statement of an authorized officer of the
Borrower, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, and what actions the applicable Loan Parties propose to take with respect thereto, and, to the extent the Collateral Agent requests, copies of all documentation related thereto; 

(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) within five (5) Business Days after any Loan Party obtains knowledge of the occurrence of a material breach or default or
notice of termination by any party under, or material 

-99- 

amendment entered into by any party to, any document or agreement in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness (including, without limitation, the Google Note), a statement of an authorized officer of
the Borrower setting forth details of such material breach or default or notice of termination and the actions taken or to be taken with respect thereto and, if applicable, a copy of such amendment; 

(e) within ten (10) Business Days after, receipt thereof, copies of all management letters submitted to any Loan Party
by the independent public accountants referred to in Section 5.01 in connection with each audit made by such accountants; 

(f) immediately upon becoming aware thereof, notice (whether involuntary or voluntary) of the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization of
any Loan Party, or the appointment of any trustee in connection with or anticipation of any such occurrence, or the taking of any step by any Person in furtherance of any such action or occurrence; 

(g) promptly upon the receipt thereof, any written notice received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that the FDA or other comparable
Governmental Authority (including any Public Health Regulatory Agency) is (i) limiting, suspending or revoking any Registration of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) changing the market classification or labeling of the products of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary under any such Registration, (iii) considering any of the foregoing, or (iv) considering or implementing any other such regulatory action either directly or indirectly involving the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
their products, except where the regulatory action is focused on the further manufacturing, processing, packaging/repackaging, labeling/relabeling, marketing, use, or distribution of products by customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other
downstream purchasers or recipients; provided that, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), where such action is not reasonably likely to result in (x) an obligation in excess of $5,000,000, individually or in the
aggregate, or (y) a Material Adverse Effect; 

(h) promptly upon the receipt thereof, (i) any FDA Section 305 notice
of hearing before report of criminal violation (21 U.S.C. 335) or other written notice regarding the planned or actual institution of criminal proceedings against the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) any written notice from any
Governmental Authority proposing or threatening that any product of the Borrower or any Subsidiary will become the subject of seizure, embargo, withdrawal of marketing authorization, recall, detention, or suspension of manufacturing, (iii) any
FDA warning letter, untitled letter, or Form FDA 483 notice of inspectional observations, and/or other similar written notice, complaint or inquiry made by the FDA or any comparable Governmental Authority (including any Public Health Regulatory
Agency) asserting that the manufacture, distribution, marketing or sale of the products of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is not in compliance with any applicable
lawRequirement of
Law, (iv) any written notice asserting that a product of the Borrower or any Subsidiary has been or is being seized, embargoed, withdrawn, recalled, detained, or subject to a suspension of
manufacturing by any Governmental Authority, or (v) any written notice of the commencement, or the threatened commencement, of any proceedings in the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction seeking the withdrawal, recall, suspension,
import detention, or seizure of any product of any of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) through (v), where such action could not reasonably be expected to result in (x) an obligation in
excess of $5,000,000, individually or in the aggregate, or (y) a Material Adverse Effect; 

(i) concurrently with the
delivery of the financial information pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (c), information regarding any material amendment to the organizational documents of any Loan Party or changes in accounting or financial
reporting practices, fiscal years or fiscal quarters of the Loan Parties, a certificate, certifying to the extent of any change from a prior certification, from an authorized officer of the Borrower notifying the Agents of such amendment and
attaching thereto any relevant documentation in connection therewith; and 

-100- 

(j) any other development that results in, or is reasonably likely, individually or in
the aggregate, to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of
a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.03. Information Regarding Collateral. 

(a) The Borrower will furnish to the Collateral Agent prompt written notice (but in no event later than ten (10) days following such change) of any change (i) in any Loan
Partys legal name, (ii) in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of any Loan Party or (iii) in any Loan Partys organizational identification number. The Borrower agrees not to effect or permit any change referred to
in the preceding sentence unless all filings have been made under the Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected
security interest in all the Collateral. 

(b) Each year, at the time of delivery of annual financial statements pursuant to
Section 5.01(a), the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent a certificateCompliance Certificate executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower
setting forth the information required pursuant to the Perfection Certificate or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recent
certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 5.03. 

SECTION 5.04. Existence; Conduct of Business; Public
Health Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, permits, approvals,
accreditations, authorizations, licenses, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or
dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will comply, and will cause each other Loan Party to comply, with all applicable Health Care Laws and Public Health Laws relating to the
operation of such Persons business, except where non-compliance is not reasonably likely to result in, individually or in the aggregate, Material Regulatory Liabilities. All products developed, manufactured, tested, investigated, distributed
or marketed by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are subject to the jurisdiction of the FDA or any comparable Governmental Authority shall be developed, tested, manufactured, investigated, distributed and marketed in compliance
with the applicable Public Health Laws and any other applicable Requirement of Law, including, without limitation, pre-market notification, good manufacturing practices, labeling, advertising, record-keeping, and adverse event reporting, except
where the failure to comply is not reasonably likely to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in Material Regulatory Liabilities. 

SECTION 5.05. Payment of Taxes. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities, before the same
shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect
thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make payment pending such contest is not reasonably likely to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

-101- 

SECTION 5.06. Maintenanceand Ownershipof Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause
each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all tangible property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted and (b) with respect to IP
Rights owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, maintain, renew, protect and defend such IP Rights that are material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis; provided that the foregoing
shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or any Disposition permitted under Section 6.05. 

SECTION 5.07. Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, maintain, with financially sound and reputable
insurance companies (which may include self-insurance), (a) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar
businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (b) all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Security Documents; each insurance policy maintained by any Loan Party pursuant to this sentence shall name the Collateral
Agent as additional insured or loss payee if permitted by law and the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such insurance policy to provide that no cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in coverage
thereof shall be effective until at least thirty (30) days (ten (10) days in the case of non-payment) after receipt by the Collateral
Agent of written notice thereof; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders, upon written request of
the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. The Borrower will, with respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders
may from time to time reasonably require (but such amount may be no less than that amount required under the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time), if at any time
the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), and otherwise comply
with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended from time to time. 

SECTION 5.08. Casualty and Condemnation. The Borrower (a) will furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written
notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by
condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) will ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions
of this Agreement and the Security Documents. 

SECTION
5.09. Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights; Field Exams.

SECTION 5.09.(a)Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made
of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and
inspect its properties during normal business hours, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, including any information relating 

-102- 

to actual or potential compliance with or liability under Environmental Laws, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants (provided
that the Borrower shall be provided the opportunity to participate in any such discussions with its independent accountants), all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided that, the Administrative Agent shall not
exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year absent the continuance of an Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.09, none of the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will be required
to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by law or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product (it
being understood, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, that the Borrower shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to communicate any requested information in a way that would not violate the applicable lawRequirement of
Law or agreement or waive the applicable privilege). 

(b)Field Exams. Each Loan Party will, and will permit each of its Subsidiaries to, permit representatives of the Revolving Agent
to conduct field examinations and audits of Accounts of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (including to evaluate and make physical verifications of the Accounts in any manner and through any medium that the Revolving Agent considers advisable,
to verify the amount and age of the Accounts, the identity and credit of the respective Account Debtors and to review the billing practices of the Loan Parties) (collectively, Field Exams), which shall, be at such reasonable times during
normal business hours and unless an Event of Default is continuing, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, that for so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrower shall not be obligated to reimburse
Revolving Agent for more than one (1) Field Exam in any twelve month period; provided, that any additional Field Exams required by the Revolving Agent in any given 12-month period shall be performed at the expense of the Revolving Agent; provided,
further, that if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Revolving Agent may conduct additional Field Exams at the Borrowers expense. For the avoidance of doubt, the reimbursement limitations set forth in this clause
(b)(ii) shall not apply to Field Exams conducted in connection with a Permitted Acquisition (provided, that unless agreed otherwise with the Borrower, there shall not be more than one such exam per Permitted Acquisition).

SECTION 5.10. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the
Subsidiaries to comply with all Requirements of Law, including ERISA, Environmental Laws, Health Care Laws and Public Health Laws applicable to it, its operations and all property owned, operated and leased by any of them, except where the failure
to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.11. Use of
Proceeds. The proceeds of the Effective Date Term Loans shall be used by the Borrower, solely (a) for working capital and general corporate purposes, (b) to finance growth initiatives, (c) to pay for operating expenses and
(d) to pay the Transaction Costs. The proceeds of the First Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be used by the Borrower for (a) working capital and general corporate purposes, (b) to finance growth initiatives, (c) to pay
for operating expenses and (d) to pay the costs, fees and expenses in connection with the consummation of the First Amendment. The proceeds of the Second Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be used by the Borrower for (a) working
capital and general corporate purposes, (b) to finance growth initiatives, (c) to pay for operating expenses and (d) to pay the costs, fees and expenses in connection with the consummation of the Second Amendment. The proceeds of the Third Amendment Effective Date Term Loans shall be used by the Borrower to (x) pay a portion of the
consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, and (y) pay fees, costs

-103- 

and expenses incurred by the Loan Parties in connection with the
Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and the Third Amendment. The proceeds of the Revolving Loans will be used by the Borrower (x) pay a portion of the consideration for the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition, (y) pay fees, costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the Third Amendment Effective Date Acquisition and the Third Amendment, and (z) for working capital and general corporate purposes. No part of the proceeds of
any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 

SECTION 5.12. Additional Subsidiaries. If any additional Subsidiary is formed or acquired after the Effective Date, the Borrower will,
within sixty (60) days of such event, notify the Collateral Agent and the
Administrative Agent thereof and cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be satisfied with respect to such Subsidiary (if it is a Subsidiary Loan Party, it being understood that such Loan Party shall not be required to fulfill any
requirements not in the Collateral and Guarantee Agreement and is subject to any exclusions and exceptions) and with respect to any Equity Interest in such Subsidiary owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party; provided that the Collateral Agent
may, in its reasonable judgment, grant extensions of time for compliance, or exceptions from compliance, with the provisions of this paragraph by any Loan Party. 

SECTION 5.13. Further Assurances. 

(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements
and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents), which may be required under any applicable lawRequirement of
Law, or which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be and remain satisfied, all at the expense of the Loan
Parties. 

(b) If any material assets (including any Material Real Property but excluding any Excluded Assets or any other asset
located outside the United States) or improvements thereto or any interest therein are acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party after the Effective Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Collateral Agreement that
become subject to the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower will promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereof and, if requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to the Lien of the Security Documents securing the Obligations and will take, and cause the Subsidiary Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested in
writing by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in Section 5.13(a), all at the expense of the Loan Parties, all within ninety (90) days of such request, provided that the Collateral Agent
may, in its reasonable judgment, grant extensions of time for compliance or exceptions with the provisions of this paragraph by any Loan Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any Security Document, no Loan Party shall
be required to pledge or grant security interests in particular assets if, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the costs of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets
(including any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax) are excessive in relation to the benefits to the Lenders therefrom. 

SECTION 5.14. Environmental Matters. Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so is not reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower will comply, and make commercially reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply with all applicable Environmental
Laws and Environmental Permits; 

-104- 

obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and, in each case to the extent the Borrower or any Subsidiary is required by Environmental Laws, conduct
any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials at, on, under or emanating from any affected property, in accordance with the
requirements of all Environmental Laws. 

SECTION 5.15. Annual Lender Meeting. The Borrower shall host a meeting (which may be in
the form of a conference call) with representatives of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders once during each fiscal year of the Borrower, in each case, following delivery of the financial statements delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) and upon reasonable prior notice to be held at such time as reasonably designated by the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), at which meeting shall be discussed the financial results of the Borrower
and the Subsidiaries. 

SECTION 5.16. Post-Closing Covenants. The Borrower agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the
Administrative Agent, the items described on Schedule 5.16 on the Effective Date by the times specified with respect to such items, or such later time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

SECTION
5.17. Borrowing Base and Other Deliverables. The Borrower will deliver to the Revolving Agent each of the financial statements, reports, projections or other items set forth below at the following times in form and substance satisfactory to the
Revolving Agent in its discretion:

(a) Borrowing Base Reporting. As soon as available, but in any event no later than twenty (20) days after the end
of each fiscal month, calculated in respect of the immediately preceding month, in each case, unless otherwise waived in writing by the Revolving Agent:

(i) an
executed Borrowing Base Certificate;

(ii) a detailed aging of each Loan Partys Accounts (each, based on and describing the respective invoice and due
dates or terms of such invoice and delivered electronically in an acceptable format, if such Loan Party has implemented electronic reporting), along with a detailed calculation of those Accounts that are not Eligible Accounts;

(iii) a
summary aging (including the invoice or due date and, upon the Revolving Agents request, with a detailed aging and aged by invoice or due date as so requested), by vendor, of each Loan Partys accounts payable and any book overdraft
(delivered electronically in an acceptable format, if such Loan Party has implemented electronic reporting) and a detailed aging, by vendor, of any held checks; and

(iv) a
reconciliation of reported balances in the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iv) above to each Loan Partys applicable general ledger account, and to its quarterly financial statements including any book reserves related to each
category.

(b) Updated Borrowing Base Certificate. Within three (3) Business Days of the written request of Required
Revolving Lenders (i) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Specified Event of Default or (ii) any time, the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds the lesser of (i) Revolving Commitment and (ii) the Borrowing Base,
an updated executed Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting changes in the Eligible Accounts availability since the last Borrowing Base Certificate.

-105- 

(c) Qualified
Cash Reporting. In connection (and concurrently) with each delivery under this Agreement of a Borrowing Base Certificate to the Revolving Agent, the Borrower will deliver to the Revolving Agent a report showing a snapshot of the cash balances of
each Loan Partys deposit accounts and a reconciliation of Qualified Cash as of the date of the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate.

(d) Account
Roll-Forward. Once per year, promptly following written request from the Revolving Agent, a summary Account roll-forward of each Loan Partys Accounts owing from Account Debtors owing more than $2,500,000 in the aggregate on Eligible Accounts,
with supporting details supplied from sales journals, collection journals, credit registers and any other records, tied to the beginning and ending account receivable balances of each Loan Partys general ledger (it being understood that such
reporting will be consistent with the form provided prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date).

(e) Field
Exam Deliverables. Promptly following any request therefor, such additional reporting as requested by the Revolving Agent in its Permitted Discretion arising from its completion of a Field Exam; provided, however, that upon the delivery of such
additional reporting, the Borrower shall continue to deliver such additional reporting concurrently with each delivery under this Agreement of a Borrowing Base Certificate.

ARTICLE VI 

Negative Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other
amounts payable under any Loan Document have been paid in full, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries covenant and agree with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness. 

(a) the Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly create, incur, issue, guarantee or assume or
otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for any Indebtedness, contingently or otherwise, except: 

(i) Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; 

(ii) Indebtedness consisting of earn-outs, milestones and other similar deferred purchase price obligations; 

(iii) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01(iii) and Permitted Refinancings
thereof; 

(iv) Indebtedness of the Borrower owed to any Subsidiary Loan Party and of any Subsidiary Loan Party owed
to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Loan Party; 

(v) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary
Loan Party and of any Subsidiary Loan Party of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Loan Party, provided that the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01; 

(vi) (A) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement
of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with 

-106- 

the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within two hundred seventy (270) days after such acquisition or the completion of such
construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by clauses (A) and (B) of this clause (vi) shall not exceed $15,000,000 outstanding at any time; and (B) Permitted Refinancings
thereof; 

(vii) (A) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof;
provided, that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (B) Permitted Refinancings thereof; provided
further, that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness under this Section 6.01(a)(vii), shall not exceed $2,500,000; 

(viii) Indebtedness owed to any Person (including obligations in respect of letters of credit for the benefit of such
Person) providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary
course of business; 

(ix) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds,
appeal bonds, surety bonds, performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) Indebtedness of any Loan Party pursuant to Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.14; 

(xi) [reserved]Proposed Subordinated Debt in an aggregate original principal amount not to exceed $75,000,000 at any time during the term of
this Agreement; 

(xii) Indebtedness representing deferred
compensation to employees of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(xiii) (A) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party owed to any non-Loan Party Subsidiary existing on
the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01(xiii), (B) Indebtedness of any non-Loan Party Subsidiary owed to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party, provided, that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness under this
Section 6.01(a)(xiii)(B), when taken together with Investments made under Section 6.04(a)(xvii)(C), shall not exceed $10,000,000 and (C) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party owed to any non-Loan
Party Subsidiary, provided, any such Indebtedness shall be unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to the payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to subordination terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(xiv) Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary consisting of the financing of insurance premiums; 

(xv) Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with cash management services (including netting
services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, employee credit card programs and related or similar services or activities); 

-107- 

(xvi) [reserved]letters of credit
and reimbursement obligations in respect thereof in favor of suppliers, landlords and other counterparties at any one time outstanding not to exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(xvii) the incurrence of Indebtedness resulting from endorsements of negotiable instruments for collection in the
ordinary course of business; 

(xviii) additional Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$5,000,000 at any time outstanding; and 

(xix) the incurrence of Indebtedness arising from agreements of the Borrower
or a Subsidiary providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, holdback, contingency payment obligations or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition or acquisition of any business,
assets or capital stock of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

(b) For purposes of determining compliance with
Section 6.01(a), in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of incurrence or upon the application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof or subsequently, meets the criteria of
more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in Section 6.01(a)(i) through (xix) above, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or
any portion thereof) in any one or more of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 6.01(a)(i) through (xix) above and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in such of the above
clauses as determined by the Borrower at such time. The Borrower will be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 6.01(a)(i) through
(xix) above. 

SECTION 6.02. Liens. (a) The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur,
assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: 

(i) Liens created by the Loan Documents; 

(ii) Permitted Encumbrances; 

(iii) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and set forth in
Schedule 6.02; provided that (A) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than improvements, accessions, proceeds, dividends or distributions in respect thereof and
assets fixed or appurtenant thereto) and (B) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and Permitted Refinancings thereof; 

(iv) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
existing on any property or asset or Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (A) such Lien secures Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.01(a)(vii) and such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as applicable, (B) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary and (C) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as applicable, and any Permitted Refinancings thereof; 

-108- 

(v) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved
by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that (A) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by Sections 6.01(a)(vi), (B) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or
within two hundred seventy (270) days after such acquisition or the completion of such
construction or improvement and (C) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than improvements, accessions, proceeds, dividends or distributions in respect thereof and
assets fixed or appurtenant thereto); 

(vi) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of
business under Section 4-208 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; 

(vii) Liens arising out of sale and leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

(viii) Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect
of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary; 

(ix) licenses or sublicenses, leases or subleases, granted to others not
interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(x) Liens encumbering
reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(xi) Liens that are contract rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depositary relations with banks
not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(xii) Liens solely on any cash earned money deposits made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter
of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder; 

(xiii) Liens in favor of a Loan Party securing Indebtedness
permitted under Sections 6.01(a)(iv) and (v); 

(xiv) Liens on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance
companies granted solely to secured financed insurance premiums; 

(xv) Liens on assets of the Borrower or the
Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02, so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed $5,000,000; 

(xvi) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a)(xiii); 

-109- 

(xvii) Liens on Equity Interests of any joint venture
(a) securing obligations of such joint venture or (b) pursuant to the relevant joint venture agreement or arrangement; 

(xviii) Liens in favor of a seller solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder;
and

(xix) Liens arising out of conditional sale,
title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business.;
and

(xx)Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a)(xvi); provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any
Liens permitted by this clause (xx) shall be limited to liens on deposits of cash collateral in an amount equal to one hundred five percent (105%) of the aggregate outstanding face amount of any letters of credit issued in reliance on
Section 6.01(a)(xvi).

(b) For purposes of determining compliance with
Section 6.02(a), in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of incurrence or upon the application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof or subsequently, meets the criteria of more than one of
the categories of permitted Liens described in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (xix) above, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) in any one or more
of the types of Liens described in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (xix) above and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Lien in such of the above clauses as determined by the Borrower at such time. The
Borrower will be entitled to divide and classify a Lien in more than one of the types of Liens described in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (xix) above. 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes; Line of Business. 

(a) The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with, or transfer substantially all of its
assets to, any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
(i) any wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the surviving entity is the Borrower, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge with any one or more other Subsidiaries (in each case, other than the Borrower)
provided that (x) when any wholly-owned Subsidiary is merging with another Subsidiary, a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (y) if any party to such merger is a Subsidiary Loan Party, the
continuing or surviving Person is or becomes a Subsidiary Loan Party concurrently with such merger, (iii) any Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Loan Party) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such
liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and (iv) any asset sale permitted by Section 6.05(g) may be effected through the merger of a subsidiary of the
Borrower with a third party; provided that any such merger referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) above involving a Person that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also
permitted by Section 6.04. 

(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material
extent in any business other than a Permitted Business. 

-110- 

SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. (a) The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, purchase or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a wholly
ownedwholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such merger)
any Investments, except: 

(i) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(ii) Permitted Investments; 

(iii) Investments existing on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.04(iii) and any modification,
replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof; 

(iv) Investments (including cash payments in respect of
earn-outs, milestones and other similar deferred purchase price obligations) in an aggregate amount not to exceed, when taken together with the aggregate amount of payments made pursuant to Section 6.08(b)(iii), $5,000,000 per fiscal year of
the Borrower and $25,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; provided that (x) before and immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom
and (y) pro forma Liquidity after giving effect thereto shall exceed $50,000,000; 

(v) loans or advances made by
the Borrower to any Subsidiary Loan Party and made by any Subsidiary Loan Party to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party, provided that any such loans and advances made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged
pursuant to the Collateral Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing pledge requirement with respect to any intercompany indebtedness may be satisfied by delivery of an omnibus or global intercompany note executed by all Loan Parties as
payees and all such obligors as payors; 

(vi) Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.01; 

(vii) receivables or other trade payables owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary if
created or acquired in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms, provided that such trade terms may include such concessionary trade terms as the
Borrower or any such Subsidiary deems reasonable under the circumstances; 

(viii) Investments consisting of Equity
Interests, obligations, securities or other property received in settlement of delinquent accounts of and disputes with customers and suppliers in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in satisfaction of
judgments; 

(ix) Investments by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in payroll, travel and similar advances to cover
matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) loans or advances by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to employees (A) made for reasonable and customary
business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and other ordinary business purposes and (B) otherwise not exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding (determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs of such
loans or advances); 

-111- 

(xi) Investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by
Section 6.14; 

(xii) Investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of
the Borrower or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition) so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or of such
consolidation or merger; 

(xiii) Investments received in connection with the dispositions of assets permitted by
Section 6.05; 

(xiv) Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the
definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances; 

(xv) other Investments (including in respect of
earn-outs, milestones and other similar deferred purchase price obligations) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Basket Amount; provided that (x) before and immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no
Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) pro forma Liquidity after giving effect thereto shall exceed $100,000,000; 

(xvi) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other
obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(xvii) (A) Investments from Loan Parties to non-Loan Party Subsidiaries existing on the Effective Date and set forth on
Schedule 6.04(xvii) and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof; (B) Investments from non-Loan Party Subsidiaries to Loan Parties and (C) Investments from Loan Parties to non-Loan Party
Subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate amount of Investments under this Section 6.04(a)(xvii)(C), when taken together with any Indebtedness under Section 6.01(a)(xiii)(B), shall not exceed $10,000,000; 

(xviii) other Investments in respect of earn-outs, milestones and other similar deferred purchase price obligations in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $4,000,000 in any fiscal year; provided that before and immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; 

(xix) the licensing of intellectual property on arms-length terms pursuant to joint marketing or joint venture
arrangements with other Persons in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;
and

(xx) Investments in the form of prepayments of expenses, so long as such expenses were incurred in the ordinary course of
business and are paid in accordance with customary trade terms of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.; and

(xxi)
the Third Amendment Effective Date
Acquisition.

(b) For purposes of determining compliance with
Section 6.04, in the event that an Investment (or any portion thereof) at any time meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Investments described in Section 6.04(a)(i) through (xx) above,
the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify such Investment (or any portion thereof) in any one or more of the types of Investments described in Section 6.04(a)(i) through (xx) above
and will only 

-112- 

be required to include the amount and type of such Investment in such of the above clauses as determined by the Borrower at such time. The Borrower will be entitled to divide and classify an
Investment in more than one of the types of Investments described in Section 6.04(a)(i) through (xx) above. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, less
any return of capital, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 

SECTION 6.05. Asset
Sales. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will the Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity
Interest in such Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04) (each, a Disposition or Dispose), except: 

(a) Dispositions of (i) inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) used, obsolete, worn out or surplus equipment or
property in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) property no longer used or useful, or economically practicable or commercially desirable to maintain, in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and any Subsidiary (including by ceasing
to enforce or allowing the lapse, abandonment or invalidation of or discontinuing the use or maintenance of or putting into the public domain any intellectual property that is, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, no longer used or useful, or
economically practicable or commercially desirable to maintain, or in respect of which the Borrower determines in its reasonable business judgment that such action or inaction is desirable, in each case pursuant to this clause (iii), which has a
Fair Market Value, individually or in the aggregate, in an amount not to exceed $5,000,000 for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered (calculated at the
time of such Disposition)); 

(b) Dispositions to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that any such sales, transfers or
dispositions from a Loan Party to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or from the Borrower or a Subsidiary shall constitute Investments subject to Section 6.04; 

(c) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof consistent with past
practice; 

(d) to the extent constituting Dispositions, transactions permitted by Sections 6.02, 6.03, 6.04,
6.06 and 6.08; 

(e) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to
customary buy/sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; 

(f) Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation
or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(g) Dispositions of assets that are not
permitted by any other paragraph of this Section 6.05, provided that the aggregate Fair Market Value represented by such assets during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is not greater than $10,000,000 for the period
of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered (calculated at the time of such Disposition); 

(h) exchanges of property for similar replacement property for fair value; 

-113- 

(i) [reserved]; 

(j) [reserved]; 

(k) the sale or other Disposition of Permitted Investments; 

(l) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code (or comparable or successor provision), any exchange of like property
(excluding any boot thereon permitted by such provision) for use in any business conducted by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that is not in contravention of Section 6.03(b); 

(m) [reserved]; 

(n) the non-exclusive licensing or sublicensing of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business or in accordance with
industry practice; 

(o) the unwinding of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.14; and 

(p) the compromise, settlement, release or surrender of a contract, tort or other litigation claim, arbitration or other disputes. 

provided that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted by clause (g) above shall be made for Fair Market Value and for at
least 75% cash consideration (it being understood that the following shall constitute cash consideration: real estate, equipment or other operating assets used or useful in a Permitted Business received by the Borrower or the Subsidiaries as
consideration (excluding stock, notes or other securities)) and after giving effect to such sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted hereby the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Performance Covenants on a pro forma
basis. 

SECTION 6.06. Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any
arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in the business of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter enter into any
agreement (either directly or through any other Subsidiary) to rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred, except for sale and leaseback
transactions approved by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion. 

SECTION 6.07. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness. 

(a) The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, any Restricted Payment, except: 

(i) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of
its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock; 

(ii) Subsidiaries may declare and pay distributions ratably with respect to their capital stock, membership or
partnership interests or other similar Equity Interests; 

-114- 

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv) the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (A) purchase or pay cash in lieu of fractional shares of its Equity
Interests arising out of stock dividends, splits, or business combinations or in connection with issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to mergers, consolidations or other acquisitions permitted by this Agreement,
(B) pay cash in lieu of fractional shares upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exercisable for Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower, and (C) make payments in connection with the retention of
Qualified Equity Interests in payment of withholding Taxes in connection with equity-based compensation plans to the extent that net share settlement arrangements are deemed to be repurchases; 

(v) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to the direct or indirect equity holders of the Borrower to the extent tax
liabilities are attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower, its direct or indirect Subsidiaries and any Subsidiary, provided that (A) the amount of such Restricted Payments shall not exceed the tax liabilities that the
Borrower and the direct or indirect Subsidiaries would be required to pay in respect of Federal, state and local taxes were the Borrower and the direct or indirect Subsidiaries to pay such Taxes as stand-alone taxpayers less any tax payable directly
by the Borrower or any direct or indirect Subsidiary and (B) all Restricted Payments made to the direct or indirect equity holders of the Borrower pursuant to this clause (v) are used by such Person solely for the purposes specified
herein; 

(vi) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in the form of cash payments in respect of its preferred
Equity Interests and other dividends, distributions and repurchases in respect of its Equity Interests in an aggregate amount not to exceed (x) $6,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Borrower in respect of dividends on preferred Equity Interests
and (y) $1,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Borrower in respect of stock repurchases and other Restricted Payments; provided that before and immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, no Specified Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; 

(vii) the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may make additional
Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not exceeding $5,000,000 throughout the term of this Agreement; provided that, immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing; and 

(viii) the Borrower may purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value of Equity Interests
(and any related stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans) in a person being acquired in any Permitted Acquisition in connection with such Permitted Acquisition. 

(b) The Borrower will not nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether
in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase,
redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of, any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than intercompany loans among Subsidiary Loan Parties and the Borrower), except: 

-115- 

(i) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments as
and when due in respect of such Indebtedness, other than as prohibited by any subordination provisions thereof; 

(ii) prepayments in respect of the Google Note, earn-outs, milestone and other similar deferred purchase price
obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Basket Amount; provided that (x) before and immediately after giving effect to any such prepayment, no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result
therefrom and (y) pro forma Liquidity after giving effect thereto shall exceed $100,000,000; 

(iii) the cash
payments in respect of any earn-out, milestone and other similar deferred purchase price obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed, when taken together with the aggregate amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iv),
$5,000,000 per fiscal year and $25,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; provided that (x) before and immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would
result therefrom and (y) pro forma Liquidity after giving effect thereto shall exceed $50,000,000; 

(iv) the
refinancing thereof with any Indebtedness (to the extent such Indebtedness constitutes a Permitted Refinancing); and 

(v) the conversion or exchange of any such Indebtedness into, or redemption, repurchase, prepayment, defeasance or other
retirement of any such Indebtedness with, Borrowers Equity Interests. 

SECTION 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its
Affiliates, involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $2,500,000 for any individual transaction or series of related transactions, except: 

(a) transactions that are at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be
obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third
parties,;

(b) (i) transactions between or among the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties,
(ii) transactions between or among Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Loan Parties and (iii) transactions between or among the Borrower and the Subsidiary consistent with past practice and made in the ordinary course, ;

(c) any transaction permitted under Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03,
6.04, 6.05 or
6.08,;

(d) [reserved],;

(e) [reserved],;

(f) [reserved],;

(g) [reserved],;

-116- 

(h) any lease or sublease entered into between the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as
lessee or sublessee, and any of the Affiliates (as of the Effective Date) of the Borrower or entity controlled by such Affiliates, as lessor or sublessor, which is approved in good faith by a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of
Directors of the
Borrower,;

(i) payments to or from, and transactions with, any joint venture in the ordinary
course of business (including any cash management activities related
thereto),;

(j) [reserved],;

(k) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business,;

(l) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of,
employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrowers Board of Directors,;

(m) transactions pursuant to agreements existing on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.09 and any amendments thereto
to the extent such amendments are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary Loan Party than those provided for in the original
agreements,;

(n) employment and severance arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of
business and approved by the Borrowers Board of Directors between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any employee thereof,;

(o) all payments made or to be made in connection with the Transactions, including the payment of the Transaction Costs,;

(p) [reserved]; 

(q) [reserved]; and 

(r) any customary management services agreements or similar agreements between the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

SECTION 6.10. Restrictive Agreements. 

(a) Subject to clauses (b) and (c) below, the Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly,
enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (i) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its
property or assets or (ii) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or to Guarantee
Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary. 

(b) Section 6.10(a) shall not apply to restrictions and conditions
(i) imposed by law or by any Loan Document, (ii) existing on the Effective Date and identified on Schedule 6.10 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such

-117- 

restriction or condition unless such amendment is not otherwise prohibited by Section 6.11), (iii) contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale,
provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) imposed by any customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into the ordinary
course of business, (v) imposed by any instrument or agreement governing Indebtedness of a Subsidiary acquired by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries as in effect at the time of such acquisition (except to the extent such Indebtedness was
incurred in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any such Person, other than the Person or any of its Subsidiaries, so acquired
(provided that such Indebtedness was permitted by Section 6.01 to be incurred), (vi) imposed by any instrument or agreement governing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is incurred or issued subsequent to the
Effective Date and is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 (provided that the restrictions in such Indebtedness are not materially more restrictive in the aggregate than the restrictions contained in this Agreement), or
(vii) customary provisions in shareholders agreements, joint venture agreements, organization constitutive documents or similar binding agreements relating to any joint venture or non-wholly-owned Subsidiary and other similar agreements
applicable to joint ventures and non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries and applicable solely to such joint venture or non-wholly-owned Subsidiary and the Equity Interests issued thereby. 

(c) Section 6.10(a)(i) shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by customary provisions in leases restricting the
assignment thereof. 

SECTION 6.11. Amendment of Material Documents. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to,
amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) any documentation governing any Subordinated Indebtedness (other than on terms that would be permitted in a Permitted Refinancing thereof or as permitted in accordance with any intercreditor
agreement), (b) the Google Note (in an manner that would be adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lenders (including, without limitation, modifications or amendments that advance the maturity date thereof to a date sooner that
one hundred thirty-five (135) days after the Term Loan Maturity Date)) or (c) its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents
(to the extent such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse to the Lenders). 

SECTION 6.12. Financial
Performance Covenants. 

(a) Minimum Liquidity. As of the last day of each month, commencing with the month ending
December 31, 2022, the Borrower shall not permit Liquidity, calculated as the average daily balance for the month then ended, to be less than $25,000,000 (the Minimum Liquidity Amount). 

(b) Minimum Revenue. 

(i)
As of the last day of each fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31,
2022 and ending with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit consolidated Revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the trailing twelve month period ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter to be less than the amount set forth
below of each applicable period: 

Fiscal Quarter End Minimum Consolidated Revenues 

December 31, 2022 $ 226,500,000.00 

-118- 

Fiscal Quarter End Minimum Consolidated Revenues 

March 31, 2023 $ 253,100,000.00 

June 30, 2023 $ 283,500,000.00 

September 30, 2023 $ 312,900,000.00 

December 31, 2023 $ 342,700,000.00 

March 31, 2024 $ 371,600,000.00 

June 30, 2024 $ 408,300,000.00 

September 30, 2024 $ 443,000,000.00 

December 31, 2024 $ 459,100,000.00 

March 31, 2025 $ 487,900,000.00 

June 30, 2025 $ 521,900,000.00 

September 30, 2025 $ 556,700,000.00 

December 31, 2025 and each fiscal quarter
thereafter $ 594,100,000.00 

(ii)
After the fiscal quarter ending December 31,
2024, as of the last day of the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025, the Borrower shall not permit consolidated Revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to
be less than (x) $1,000,000,000 for the immediate trailing twelve month period ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter or (y) $1,000,000,000 on a pro forma basis.

(iii)
After the fiscal quarter ending December 31,
2025, as of the last day of the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2026, June 30, 2026, September 30, 2026 and December 31, 2026, the Borrower shall not permit consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to
be less than $1,100,000,000 for the immediate trailing twelve month period ending on the last day of such fiscal quarter.

(c)Maximum First Lien Leverage Ratio. As of the last day of each
fiscal quarter, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2027, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 7.50 to 1.00.

SECTION 6.13. Accounting; Fiscal Year. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any significant
change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as permitted by GAAP, and will not change its fiscal year-end to a date other than December 31. 

SECTION 6.14. Swap Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Swap Agreement,
except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or such Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests) and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively
cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, in each case, for
bona fide hedging purposes and not for speculation. 

-119- 

SECTION 6.15. Changes in Name. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, change its legal name except as permitted by Section 5.03(a). 

SECTION 6.16. OFAC; Patriot Act.
The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, fail to comply with the laws, regulations and executive orders referred to in Section 3.17. 

SECTION 6.17. Issuance or Repurchase of Equity Interests. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
issue any Disqualified Equity Interests. 

SECTION 6.18. Capital Expenditures. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, make Capital Expenditures in any fiscal year in an aggregate amount exceeding (i) $25,000,000 plus (ii) an additional amount with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) plus (iii) 50% of the Available Basket Amount; provided that any Capital Expenditure made in reliance on the foregoing clause (ii) shall be subject to the following conditions:
(x) before and immediately after giving effect to any such Capital Expenditure, no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) pro forma Liquidity after giving effect thereto shall exceed
$100,000,000; provided further that, any unused amount under the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 6.18 shall carry forward to the immediately following fiscal year (such amount, the Capital Expenditure Carryover
Amount); provided, further, that any Capital Expenditures made in a particular fiscal year of the Borrower shall first be deemed to have been made with the portion of the Capital Expenditures permitted for such fiscal year
before the Capital Expenditure Carryover Amount is applied to such fiscal year. 

ARTICLE VII 

Events of Default 

SECTION
7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (any such event, an Event of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date
thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; 

(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any
fee (including any Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount) or any
other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 7.01(a)) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
five (5) Business Days; 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with any
Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof
or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (except to the extent any such representation or warranty is qualified by
materially,
Material Adverse Effect or a similar term, in which case such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect in any respect) when made or deemed made; 

-120- 

(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement
contained in
SectionSections
2.20,5.02(a),or 5.04 (with respect to the existence of the Borrower), 5.17 or in Article VI (it being understood and agreed that
(x) any breach of Section 6.12(b) is subject to
cure as provided in Section 7.02(a), and (y) any breach of Section 6.12(c) is subject to
cure as provided in Section 7.02(b)); 

(e) the Borrower shall fail to
observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in
SectionSections 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
ten (10) days; 

(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any
Loan Document (other than those specified in Sections 7.01(a), (b), (d) or (e)), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender); 

(g) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make
any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period); provided that this
paragraph (g) shall not apply to any Indebtedness if the sole remedy of the holder thereof in the event of such non-payment is to elect to convert such Indebtedness into Qualified Equity Interests (and cash in lieu of fractional shares);
provided further that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to any such failure that (x) is remedied by the Borrower or any applicable Subsidiary or (y) waived (including in the form of amendment) by the requisite holders of the
applicable item of Material Indebtedness in either case, prior to acceleration of all the Loans pursuant to this Section 7.01; 

(h) any event or condition (other than, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Swap Agreements, termination events or equivalent
events pursuant to the terms of such Swap Agreements and not as a result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party) occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with all
applicable grace periods having expired and all required notices have been given) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the
prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity, provided that this clause (h) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of
the property or assets (to the extent not prohibited under this Agreement) securing such Indebtedness; (ii) termination events or similar events occurring under any Swap Agreement that constitutes Material Indebtedness (it being understood that
paragraph (g) of this Section 7.01 will apply to any failure to make any payment required as a result of any such termination or similar event) or (iii) any Indebtedness if the sole remedy of the holder thereof following such
event or condition is to elect to convert such Indebtedness into Qualified Equity Interests (and cash in lieu of fractional shares); provided further that this paragraph (h) shall not apply to any such failure that (x) is remedied
by the Borrower or any applicable Subsidiary or (y) waived (including in the form of amendment) by the requisite holders of the applicable item of Material Indebtedness in either case, prior to acceleration of all the Loans pursuant to this
Section 7.01; 

(i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking
(i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of a Loan Party or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or
hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, 

-121- 

sequestrator, conservator or similar official for a Loan Party or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue
undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the
foregoing shall be entered; 

(j) a Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file
any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a
timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 7.01(h), (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for a Loan Party
or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or
(vi) take any formal action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(k) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become
unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(l) one or more judgments for the
payment of money (to the extent not paid or covered by insurance provided by a carrier that has a credit rating of at least A by A.M. Best Company, Inc. and has not denied or disputed coverage) in an aggregate amount in excess of
$10,000,000 shall be rendered against a Loan Party, or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid or undischarged for a period of
thirty (30) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively
stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 

(m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events
that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $10,000,000 for all periods; 

(n) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a
result of a transaction permitted under this Agreement) shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected (if and to the extent required to be perfected under the Loan Documents) Lien on any material portion
of the Collateral with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, except (i) as a result of the sale or other disposition of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents or (ii) as a result
of the Administrative Agents failure to maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Collateral Agreement; 

(o) any Loan Document shall for any reason be asserted by any Loan Party not to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of any party
thereto; 

(p) the Guarantees of the Obligations by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties pursuant to the Collateral Agreement
shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents) or shall be asserted by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party not to be in effect or not to be legal, valid and binding obligations; 

(q) any Subordinated Indebtedness or any Guarantees thereof shall cease, for any reason, to be validly subordinated to the Obligations
or the obligations of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties in respect of their Guarantees under the Collateral Agreement, as applicable, or any Loan Party or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of any Subordinated
Indebtedness shall so assert; 

-122- 

(r) a Change of Control shall occur; 

(s) any Material Regulatory Liability shall occur; 

(t) any Registration shall be terminated, forfeited or revoked or shall fail to be renewed for any reason other than Borrowers
reasonable determination, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, that such Registration is no longer required for its ongoing operations, or shall be modified in a manner materially adverse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 

(u) any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall be issued or levied against a substantial or material
part of a Loan Partys properties, and such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within
thirty (30) days after commencement, filing or levy; or 

(v) a Loan Party shall be enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by any Governmental Authority from conducting any material part
of its business for a material period of time; a Loan Party shall suffer the loss, revocation or termination of any material license, permit, lease or agreement necessary to its business; or any material property of a Loan Party shall be taken or
impaired through condemnation, 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i)),
and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent (i) may, and at the request of the Required Revolving Lenders or the
Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the
same or different times: (i) terminate the
Revolving Commitments in whole or in part, and thereupon thesuch
Revolving Commitments so reduced shall terminate immediately, and (ii) may, and at the direction of the
Required Lenders shall, declare the Commitments (if not theretofore terminated) and the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so
declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower
accrued hereunder (including any Make
WholeMake-Whole/Prepayment Fee Amount), shall
become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in SectionSections7.01(i) or (j), the Commitments (if not theretofore
terminated) shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued
hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower;
provided that, the foregoing actions may not be taken in the case of an Event of Default underpursuant to
Section 7.01(d) as a result of non-compliance withSection 6.12(b), until the ability to exercise the
Revenue Cure Right under Section 7.02(a) has expired (but may be taken as soon as the ability to exercise the
Revenue Cure Right has expired or to the extent that the
Borrower has confirmed in writing that it does not intend to provide the Revenue Cure Amount); provided,
further, that the foregoing actions may not be taken in the case of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(d) as a result of non-compliance with Section 6.12(c), until the ability to exercise the Leverage Cure Right under
Section 7.02(b) has expired (but may be taken as soon as the ability to exercise the Leverage Cure Right has expired or to the extent that the Borrower has confirmed in writing that it does not intend to provide the Leverage Cure Amount). 

-123- 

SECTION 7.02.
Right to Cure.

SECTION 7.02. Right to
Cure(a)Minimum Revenue Financial Performance Covenant. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Article
7VII, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of Section 6.12(b) as of the end of any relevant fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the RevenueCure Right) (at any time during such fiscal quarter
or thereafter until the date that is ten (10) Business
Days after the date on which the financial statements for such quarter were required to have been delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(b)), to issue Equity Interests for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to its equity for
such Equity Interests (the RevenueCure
Amount), the proceeds of which shall be required to prepay outstanding Term Loan BorrowingsLoans in accordance with Section 2.11(d), and thereupon the
Borrowers compliance with Section 6.12(b) shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments: (i) Revenue shall be increased, solely for the purposes of determining compliance with
Section 6.12(b), including determining compliance with Section 6.12(b) as of the end of such fiscal quarter and applicable subsequent periods that include such fiscal quarter by an amount equal to the Revenue Cure Amount and (ii) if, after giving effect to the
foregoing recalculations, the requirements of Section 6.12(b) shall be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 6.12(b) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though
there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.12(b) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, (vI)
during the term of this Agreement, the Revenue Cure Right
shall not be exercised more than two (2) times,
(wII) the Revenue
Cure Right shall not be exercised in consecutive fiscal quarters,
(xIII) in each four
(4) fiscal quarter period there shall be a period of
at least two (2) fiscal quarterquarters in which the Revenue
Cure Right is not exercised,
(yIV) the Revenue
Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for purposes of complying with Section6.12(b) for the applicable fiscal quarter and (zV) no Event of Default may arise under Section 6.12(b) until
the earlier of (Ax) the tenth (10th)
Business Day after the day on which the relevant financial statements are required to be delivered (unless the
Revenue Cure Right has been exercised two (2) times in the applicable four (4) consecutive fiscal quarter period), and then only to the extent the Revenue Cure Amount has not been received on or prior to such date and
(By) the date (if any) on which the Borrower delivers notice to the Administrative Agent that the
Revenue Cure Right with respect to such breach will not be
exercised. 

(b)Maximum First Lien Leverage Ratio. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Article VII, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of Section 6.12(c) as of the end of any relevant fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the Leverage Cure
Right) (at any time during such fiscal quarter or thereafter until the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the financial statements for such quarter were required to have been delivered in accordance with
Section 5.01(b)), to issue Equity Interests for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to its equity for such Equity Interests (the Leverage Cure Amount), the proceeds of which shall be required to prepay outstanding Loans in
accordance with Section 2.11(d), and thereupon the Borrowers compliance with Section 6.12(c) shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments: (i) an amount equal to the Leverage Cure Amount shall be
included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA solely for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.12(c), including determining compliance with Section 6.12(c) as of the end of such fiscal quarter and applicable
subsequent periods that include such fiscal quarter by an amount equal to the Leverage Cure Amount and (ii) if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the requirements of Section 6.12(c) shall be satisfied, then the
requirements of Section 6.12(c) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of
Section 6.12(c) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (I) during the term of this Agreement, the

-124- 

Leverage Cure Right shall not be exercised more than two
(2) times, (II) the Leverage Cure Right shall not be exercised in consecutive fiscal quarters, (III) in each four (4) fiscal quarter period there shall be a period of at least two (2) fiscal quarters in which the Leverage Cure Right
is not exercised, (IV) the Leverage Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for purposes of complying with Section 6.12(c) for the applicable fiscal quarter, (V) the Leverage Cure Amount will be disregarded for purposes of
the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for all other purposes and (VI) no Event of Default may arise under Section 6.12(c) until the earlier of (x) the tenth
(10th) Business Day after the day on which the relevant financial statements are required to be delivered (unless the Leverage Cure Right has been exercised two (2) times in the
applicable four (4) consecutive fiscal quarter period), and then only to the extent the Leverage Cure Amount has not been received on or prior to such date and (y) the date (if any) on which the Borrower delivers notice to the
Administrative Agent that the Leverage Cure Right with respect to such breach will not be exercised.

ARTICLE VIII 

The Agents 

SECTION 8.01. Appointment. 

(a)Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints theAres (together with any successor Administrative Agent as the agentor Collateral
Agent, as applicable, pursuant to Section 8.09) as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and Ares hereby accepts such appointment), and each such Lender
irrevocably authorizes Ares, in its capacity as the
Administrative Agent, in such capacityand the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to take such action on its
behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the terms of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement and any
such intercreditor agreement or arrangement is binding upon the Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement,
each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities,
except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or
otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. 

(b)Revolving Agent. Each Revolving Lender hereby irrevocably
designates and appoints ACF (together with any successor Revolving Agent pursuant to Section 8.09) as the Revolving Agent of such Revolving Lender
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each such Revolving Lender irrevocably authorizes ACF, in its capacity as the Revolving Agent, to take such action on
its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Revolving Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Revolving Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth
herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Revolving Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the
Revolving Agent.

-125- 

SECTION
8.02. TheAgents. Each
of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent may execute any of its
duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and exercise its respective rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through agents, sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be
entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. TheEach of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent shall not be responsible
for the negligence or misconduct of any of its respective
agents, sub-agents or attorneys in-fact selected by it with reasonable
care. TheEach
of the Administrative Agent and any such, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent and its respective
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article VIII shall apply to any such sub-agent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent, as applicable, and to the Related Parties of the Administrativeapplicable Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to theireach of the
Administrative Agents, the Collateral Agents and the Revolving Agents, as applicable, respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided
for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent, as
applicable.

SECTION 8.03. Exculpatory Provisions. Neither any Agent
nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or
omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to
have resulted from its or such Persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer
thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Loan Party a party thereto to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The
Agents shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties,
books or records of any Loan Party. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates
in the definition of SOFR, or Term SOFR or with respect to any comparable or
successor rate thereto including, without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate, as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.14, will be similar to,
or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, Term SOFR. 

SECTION 8.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The
AdministrativeAgents. Each Agent shall be entitled
to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy or email message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine
and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent and the Revolving Agent, as applicable, may deem and treat the payee of any Note, as applicable, as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. Theor the Revolving Agent. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent shall be fully
justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (and with respect to the Revolving Agent, the Required Revolving

-126- 

Lenders),
or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders), as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by thesuch Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. TheEach of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Revolving Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (and with respect to the Revolving Agent, the Required Revolving
Lenders), or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 

SECTION 8.05. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any
Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default.
In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Revolving Agent and the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take
such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders); provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have
received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the
Revolving Agent and the Lenders. 

SECTION 8.06. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender (and with respect to the Revolving Agent, each Revolving Lender)
expressly acknowledges that neither the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors,
attorneys-in-fact or affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a
Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender
(and with respect to the Revolving Agent, each Revolving Lender) represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and
investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender
(and with respect to the Revolving Agent, each Revolving Lender) also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own
credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and
other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall
not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a
Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys-in-fact or
affiliates. 

SECTION 8.07. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify each Agent and its respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, advisors
and controlling persons (each, an Agent Indemnitee) (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Aggregate Exposure Percentages
in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section8.07 (or, if indemnification is sought after the 

-127- 

date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Aggregate Exposure Percentages immediately prior to such date),
from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed
on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Indemnitee under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Indemnitees gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section 8.07 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the
Commitments and the payment of the LoansObligations and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

SECTION 8.08. Agent in Its Individual Capacity of each Agent. Each Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent. With respect to its Commitments or Loans, as applicable, made or renewed by it, each Agent shall have the same
rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender (or, with respect the
Revolving Agent, the Revolving Lenders) and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders (or, with respect the Revolving Agent, the terms Revolving Lender and Revolving Lenders) shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 

SECTION 8.09. SuccessorAdministrative Agent. The
AdministrativeAgents. Any Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon
ten
(10) days notice to the Lenders (or, with respect to the Revolving Agent, the Revolving Lenders) and the
Borrower. If the Administrative Agentshall resign as Administrative Agentunder this Agreement and the other Loan
Documentsany Agent delivers such notice, then the
Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor
agentadministrative
agent or successor collateral agent, as applicable, for the
Lenders and the Required Revolving Lenders shall appoint from among the Revolving Lenders a successor revolving
agent for the Required Lenders, which successor agent shall (unless an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(b), 7.01(h), 7.01(i) or 7.01(j) with respect
to the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing) be subject to approval by the Borrower (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Revolving Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent
or Revolving Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agents, Collateral Agents or Revolving Agents, as applicable,
rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Revolving Agent, as
applicable, shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable, or any of the
parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Commitments or the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative
Agent, Collateral Agent or Revolving Agent, as applicable,
by the date that is ten
(10) days following a retiring Administrative Agents, Collateral Agents or Revolving Agents, as applicable,
notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agents, Collateral Agents or Revolving
Agents, as applicable, resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective, and
(x) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the
duties of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above, and
(y) the Revolving Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Revolving Agent hereunder

-128- 

until such time, if any, as the Required Revolving Lenders
appoint a successor agent as provided for above; provided, however, that any such successor agent receiving payments from the Loan Parties shall be a U.S. person and a
financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1. After any retiring Administrative Agents resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 8Article
VIII and of Section 9.03 shall continue to inure to its benefit. 

SECTION 8.10. Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender
or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately
succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise
erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal,
interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times
remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 8.118.10 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and
such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so
received). A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each
of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent
(or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with
respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such
recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: 

(i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and
mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to
such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (and shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one
(1) Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of
the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) 

-129- 

notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant
to this
Section 
8.118.10(b). 

(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to
deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.118.10(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients
obligations pursuant to Section
8.118.10(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such
Lender under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the
Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a) of this Section 8.10. 

(d) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event
that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of
such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment
Subrogation Rights) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower; provided that this Section 8.118.10 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (or timing for
payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to
the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any
Loan Document), the Borrower for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations. 

(e) To the extent permitted by applicable lawRequirements of
Law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment
with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this
Section 
8.118.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the applicable Commitments or the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

-130- 

ARTICLE IX 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 9.01.
Notices. 

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all
notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows: 

(i) if to the
Borrower or any other Loan Party, to: 

Tempus LabsAI, Inc. 

600 West Chicago Avenue, Suite 510 

Chicago, Illinois 60654 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

Email: jim.rogers@tempus.com 

with a copy to: 

Cooley LLP 

110 N. Wacker Drive 

Chicago, Illinois 60606-1511 

Attention: Addison Pierce 

Email: afpierce@cooley.com 

(ii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to: 

Ares Capital
Corporation, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor 

New York, New York 10167 

Attn: Middle Office DL - Tempus 

Email: agency@aresmgmt.com; middleofficedl@aresmgmt.com; 

aresagency@alterdomus.com 

with a copy to: 

Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP 

525 W. Monroe St.Street

Chicago, Illinois 60661 

Attention: Michael A. Jacobson, Esq. 

Email: michael.jacobson@katten.com 

(iii)
if to the Revolving Agent, to:

ACF
Finco I LP, as Revolving Agent

560 White Plains Road, Suite 400

Tarrytown,
New York 10591

Attention: Christy Kemp

Email: ckemp@aresmgmt.com

with
a copy to:

Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

-131- 

525
W. Monroe Street

Chicago, Illinois 60661

Attention:
Michael A. Jacobson, Esq.

Email: michael.jacobson@katten.com

(iiiiv) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy
number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be
delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II or of a Default if such
Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication and provided that the Administrative Agent shall in any event also receive hard copies of the notices
described in this proviso and, to the extent requested, any other documents delivered electronically under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an
e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement);
provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an
Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of any required notification that such notice or communication is available
and identifying the website address therefor. 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other
communications hereunder by notice to the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of the Administrative Agent, by written notice to the Borrower). All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given as follows: notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier (with a send
successful notice) shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business dayBusiness
Day for the recipient). 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Revolving Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power
hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, the Revolving Agent and the Lenders hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event
be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 9.02(b), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Collateral Agent, the Revolving Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

-132- 

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or
thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (with a fully executed copy thereof delivered to the
Administrative Agent) or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto (and, if party thereto, the
Collateral Agent), in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall: 

(i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (it being understood that a waiver
of any Default or mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of any Commitments shall not constitute an increase of any Commitment of any Lender); 

(ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon (provided, the cash pay interest amount may not be reduced by more than 50% without all directly affected
Lenders), or reduce any fees payable hereunder (including, without limitation, any Make
Whole/Prepayment Fee AmountPremium), without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby;
provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate,;

(iii) postpone the maturity of any Loan (it being understood that a
waiver of any Default, Event of Default, or mandatory prepayment shall not constitute an extension of any maturity date), or any date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such
payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby, it being understood that the waiver of any condition precedent or the waiver of any Default or mandatory
prepayment requirement shall not constitute a postponement or reduction hereunder,;

(iv) change or have the effect of changing the priority or pro rata treatment of any payments (including voluntary and
mandatory prepayments), Liens, proceeds of Collateral or reductions in Commitments (including as a result in whole or in part of allowing the issuance or incurrence, pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, of new loans or other Indebtedness having
any priority over any of the Obligations in respect of payments, Liens, Collateral or proceeds of Collateral, in exchange for any Obligations or otherwise), without the written consent of each Lender directly and adverseadversely affected
thereby,;

(v) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.02,
the definition of Required Lenderswithout the written consent of each Lender, the definition of
Required Term Lenders without the written consent of the Required Term Lenders, the definition of Required Revolving Lenders without the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder,
without the written consent of each
Lender,;

-133- 

(vi) (A) change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required
Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent
of each Lender, (B) change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Term Lenders
or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Term Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each
Term Lender or (C) change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Revolving Lenders required to waive, amend or
modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Revolving Lender;

(vii) release the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party from its Guarantee under the Collateral Agreement (except as
provided in Section 6.03 or in the Collateral Agreement) or limit its liability in respect of such Guarantee, without the written consent of each Lender,
or;

(viii) release all or substantially all the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents (except as provided in
Section 6.03 or in the Collateral Agreement), without the written consent of each Lender.;

(ix)
amend modify or waive (or have the effect of
amending, modifying or waiving) Section 2.18(f) or the definition of Waterfall Trigger Event in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; or

(x)
amend, waive or otherwise modify any term or
provision to subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations to any other Lien securing any other Indebtedness, or subordinate the right of payment of the Obligations to any other Indebtedness, without the written consent of each Lender directly and
adversely affected thereby, in each case, except in the case of (i) any Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date to be secured by a Lien that is senior to the Lien securing the Obligations, (ii) any
debtor-in-possession facility pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (iii) any other Indebtedness with respect to which each relevant Lender has been offered the
opportunity to provide its pro rata share of such Indebtedness on identical terms (including with respect to economics);

provided, further, that
(A) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative
Agent without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and (B) notwithstanding the preceding clause (iv), only those Lenders that have not
been provided a reasonable opportunity, as determined in the good faith judgment of the Administrative Agent, to receive the most-favorable treatment under or in connection with the applicable amendment, waiver or supplement described in the
preceding clause (iv) (other than the right to receive customary administrative agency, arranging, underwriting and other similar fees) that is provided to any other Person, including the opportunity to participate on a pro rata basis on the
same terms in any new loans or other Indebtedness permitted to be issued as a result of such amendment, waiver or supplement, shall be deemed to be directly and adversely affected by such amendment, waiver or supplement. In connection with any proposed amendment, modification, waiver or termination (a Proposed Change) requiring the consent of all affected Lenders, if the consent of the Required Lenders to such
Proposed Change is obtained, but the consent to such Proposed Change of other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (any such 

-134- 

Lender whose consent is not obtained as described in this Section 9.02(b) being referred to as a Non-Consenting Lender), then, so long as the Lender that is acting
as the Administrative Agent is not a Non-Consenting Lender, at the Borrowers request, any assignee that is acceptable to the Administrative Agent shall have the right, with the Administrative Agents consent, to purchase from such
Non-Consenting Lender, and such Non-Consenting Lender agrees that it shall, upon the Borrowers request, sell and assign to such assignee, at no expense to such Non-Consenting Lender, all the Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender for an amount equal
to the principal balance of all Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans held by such Non-Consenting Lender and all accrued interest and fees with respect thereto through the date of sale (including amounts under Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17) so long as such
principal balance of all other Non-Consenting Lenders is similarly purchased, such purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to an executed Assignment and Assumption in accordance with Section 9.04(b) (which Assignment and Assumption
need not be signed by such Non-Consenting Lender). A copy of each amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 9.02(b), this
:

(i)
This Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (iA) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the
benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the accrued interest
and fees in respect thereof, and
(iiB) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders. In addition, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of: (x) the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders
providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans (as defined below) to permit the refinancing of all outstanding Term Loans (the Refinanced Term Loans) and, if applicable, related outstanding commitments, with a replacement term loan
tranche hereunder (the Replacement Term Loans); provided that (i1) the aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Term Loans shall
not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Refinanced Term Loans, (ii2) the Applicable Rate for such Replacement Term Loans shall not be
higher than the Applicable Rate for such Refinanced Term Loans,
(iii3) the weighted average life to maturity of such Replacement Term Loans shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of such Refinanced Term Loans at the time of such refinancing (except to
the extent of nominal amortization for periods where amortization has been eliminated as a result of prepayment of the Refinanced Term Loans) and
(iv4) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Term Loans shall be substantially identical to, or less favorable to the
Term Lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than,
those applicable to such Refinanced Term Loans, except to the extent necessary to provide for covenants and other terms applicable to any period after the latest final maturity of the Refinanced Term Loans in effect immediately prior to such
refinancing.;
and (y) the Revolving Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Revolving Loans (as defined below) to permit the refinancing of all outstanding Revolving Loans (the Refinanced Revolving Loans) and, if
applicable, related outstanding commitments, with a replacement revolving loan tranche hereunder (the Replacement Revolving Loans); provided that (1) the aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Revolving Loans shall not
exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Refinanced Revolving Loans, (2) the Applicable Rate for such Replacement Revolving Loans shall not be higher than the Applicable Rate for such Refinanced Revolving Loans, (3) the weighted
average life to maturity of such Replacement Revolving Loans shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of such Refinanced Revolving Loans at the time of such refinancing (except to the extent of nominal

-135- 

amortization for periods where amortization has been eliminated
as a result of prepayment of the Refinanced Revolving Loans) and (4) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Revolving Loans shall be substantially identical to, or less favorable to the Revolving Lenders providing such Replacement
Revolving Loans than, those applicable to such Refinanced Revolving Loans, except to the extent necessary to provide for covenants and other terms applicable to any period after the latest final maturity of the Refinanced Revolving Loans in effect
immediately prior to such refinancing;

(ii)solely with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders and the Required Lenders (and, to the extent involving the
Swingline Advances, the Revolving Agent), any such agreement may amend, modify or waive any term relating solely to the Revolving Loans and the Swingline Advances; provided that without limiting this clause (ii), no such amendment, modification,
consent, waiver or elimination, without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (and, to the extent involving the Swingline Advances, the Revolving Agent), shall (A) amend or waive any provision of (including defined terms therein which
pertain to Revolving Commitments) Sections 2.01 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans), 2.02 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans and the Swingline Advances), 2.04 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans and the Swingline Advances), 2.06 (as it
pertains to the Revolving Loans), 2.08(b), 2.10 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans), 2.11 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans, Extraordinary Advances and Swingline Advances), 2.12, 2.13 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans), 2.14, 2.18,
2.20, 3.20, 3.23, 3.24 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans), 3.26, 4.02 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans and Swingline Advances), 5.01(a), 5.01(b), 5.01(d), 5.11 (as it pertains to the Revolving Loans), 5.09, 5.17, Article VII (in each
case, as it pertains to the right of Required Revolving Lenders to terminate Revolving Commitments), 9.02 (as it pertains to amendments, waivers or modifications of the Administrative Agents or Revolving Agents rights to take action on
behalf of the Revolving Lenders), 9.15 (as it pertains to amendments, waivers or modifications of the Administrative Agents or Revolving Agents rights to take action on behalf of the Revolving Lenders), 8.01(a), 8.07 and 9.18;
(B) amend, modify or waive compliance with the conditions precedent to the obligations of any Revolving Lender or the Revolving Agent to make any Revolving Loan or Swingline Advance in Section 4.02; (C) amend modify or terminate any
provision set forth in Section 4.02 or waive any Default or Event of Default for the sole purpose of satisfying the conditions precedent to the obligations of Revolving Lenders or the Revolving Agent to make any Revolving Loans or Swingline
Advances in Section 4.02; (D) change the definition of Change of Control or waive (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by forbearance with respect to) any Default or Event of Default under or pursuant to
Section 7.01(r); (E) amend, waive or otherwise modify (or consent to any departure from including any waiver of a Default or Event of Default arising from a breach of) Section 6.12 and/or the definition of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA, and/or any other component definition used in any of the foregoing if the effect of any such amendment, waiver, modification or consent (together with each other amendment, waiver, consent or modification made in respect thereof without the
consent of the Required Revolving Lenders) is to loosen (or have the effect of loosening) the covenant levels or any of them set forth in Section 6.12 by more than 10% on a cumulative basis for any particular covenant level; (F) amend,
waive or otherwise modify (or consent to any departure from including any waiver of a Default or Event of Default arising from a breach of) any of (1) Sections 7.01(a), 7.01(b) or 7.01(d) (solely with respect to the delivery of quarterly and
annual financials pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) and the concurrent delivery of the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(d), solely to the extent such financial statements and/or Compliance Certificate are not delivered to
the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender within twenty (20) days following the date such financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) and

-136- 

such Compliance Certificate was required to be delivered pursuant
to Section 5.01(d)); (2) Sections 6.02, 6.04, 6.01, 6.05 or 6.08; (3) Sections 8.01(a) and 8.01(b); (4) Section 7.01(d) arising from the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to observe or perform its obligations
under Section 6.03; (5) Sections 7.01(h), 7.01(i) and 7.01(j); (6) Section 7.01(u); (7) Section 7.01(n) or (8) Section 7.01(q); (G) amend, waive or otherwise modify any of the following definitions:
Borrowing Base (or any component definition used therein), Borrowing Base Certificate, Borrowing Request, Cash Dominion Event, Excluded Accounts, Extraordinary Advance,
Minimum Revolving Interest Amount, Overadvance, Permitted Discretion, Reserves, Revolving Agents Account, Revolving Loan Exposure, Revolving Commitment,
Revolving Obligations, Maturity Date (solely as it relates to the Revolving Loans), Revolving Lender, Revolving Creditor, Conforming Revolving Lender DIP Financing, Revolving
Loans, Springing Control Agreement, Swingline Advance, Swingline Loan Limit, Conforming Term Lender DIP Financing, and Waterfall Trigger Event; (H) shorten the maturity or
weighted average life to maturity of the Term Loans or require that any payment on the Term Loans be made earlier than the date originally scheduled for such payment; or (I) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest
thereon (provided, the cash pay interest amount may not be reduced by more than 50% without all directly affected Lenders), or reduce any fees payable hereunder (including any Prepayment Premium); and

(iii)
no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve
or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended, and amounts payable to such Lender hereunder may not be permanently reduced without the consent of such Lender
(other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Lender).

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and their respective
Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agents, in connection with the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions
thereof (limited to, in the case of legal fees and expenses, all reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses of one legal counsel and, to the extent necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, but no other advisors
without the Borrowers prior consent) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative
Agent or any Lender (limited to, in the case of legal fees and expenses, all reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses of one legal counsel and, to the extent necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, but no other
advisors without the Borrowers prior consent), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 9.03, or in connection with the Loans made
hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the
foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee), and hold each Indemnitee harmless, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented
fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (limited to, in the case of fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel, one counsel to such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to all

-137- 

such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, solely in the event of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel (and, if necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction)), incurred by
or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties to the Loan
Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release
of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or emanating from any Mortgaged Property or any other property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any actual or alleged Environmental Liability related in any
way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or operations, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or
any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or such litigation, claim, investigation or proceeding is brought by a third party or by the Borrower or its Affiliates, provided that no Indemnitee shall be
entitled to indemnity in respect of any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses to the extent that (i) the same is found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from
(a) the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Indemnitee or (b) a material breach by an Indemnitee of its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) the same arises solely from a dispute among Indemnitees (other than
any claim against Ares Capital Corporation solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) or (iii) any settlement is effected without the Borrowers consent; provided, further, that each Indemnitee agrees (by accepting the
benefits hereof) to refund and return any and all amounts paid or caused to be paid by the Borrower to such Indemnitee to the extent any of the foregoing items described in clauses (i) through (iii) occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Section 9.03 shall not apply to Taxes (other than Taxes arising from a non-Tax claim). Payments under this Section 9.03(b) shall be made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the relevant Indemnitee. 

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent under Sections 9.03(a) or (b), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, such Lenders prorata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed
expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as applicable, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such. For purposes hereof, a Lenders prorata share shall be determined based upon its share of the aggregate outstanding Term Loans at the time. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable
lawRequirements of
Law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other Person party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof (other
than in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party). 

(e) All amounts due under this
Section 9.03 shall be payable not later than ten
(10) days
after written demand therefor. 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower 

-138- 

may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (except as permitted by Section 6.03) (and any
attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Assignee pursuant to an assignment made
in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.04(b) (such an assignee, an Eligible Assignee), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.04(e) or (iii) by way of
pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 9.04(g) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void); provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Lender may assign or transfer by participation any of its rights or obligations hereunder to (i) a natural Person, (ii) to the Borrower or any of its respective Subsidiaries or (iii) any Defaulting Lender. Nothing in
this Agreement, express or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in Section 9.04(c)) and, to
the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (collectively, the Assignees) all or a portion of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

(1) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required (xI) for assignments to any Lender or Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund (as defined below) thereof or
(yII) if an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) or 7.01(b) or Sections 7.01(i) or 7.01(j), solely with respect to the Borrower, has occurred and is continuing, any Assignee or an
assignment of all or a portion of the Loans pursuant to Section 9.04(i); provided, further, that (x) the Borrower may withhold its consent (in its sole discretion) in respect of an assignment to an Affiliate (other
than, in each case, Affiliates that constitute bona fide debt funds primarily investing in loans) of a Disqualified Institution and (y) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment unless it shall object thereto by written
notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and

(2) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent
shall be required for an assignment (i) of all or any portion of a Term Loan or the Revolving Commitment (or if
the Revolving Commitments are terminated, Revolving Loans) to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund,
or (ii) of all or a portion of the Loans pursuant to Section 9.04(k) or Section 9.04(l) or (iii) from an Agent to its Affiliates.; and

(3)with respect to an assignment of any Revolving Commitment (or
if the Revolving Commitments are terminated, Revolving Loans), the Revolving Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment (i) of all or any portion of the Revolving Commitment (or if the
Revolving Commitments are terminated, Revolving Loans) to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, or (ii) from an Agent to its Affiliates.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth herein, (i) no Lender may assign or transfer by participation any of its rights or
obligations hereunder to any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or, unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, a Disqualified Institution and (ii) to the extent any Lender is required to assign any portion of its
Commitments, Loans and other rights, duties and obligations hereunder in order to comply with applicable LawsRequirements of Law, such assignment may be made by such Lender without
the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other party hereto so long as such Lender complies with the requirements of Section 9.04(b)(ii). 

-139- 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(1) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the
assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the
Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required (x) for an assignment by a Lender to an
Affiliate or an Approved Fund of a Lender or (y) if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (i) or (j) has occurred and is continuing, and that contemporaneous assignments to Approved Funds
related to the same Lender shall be aggregated when calculating such minimum assignment amounts; provided further that, consent of the Borrower will be deemed to have been given if the Borrower has not responded within five (5) business daysBusiness
Days of a request for such consent; provided, further, that, unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no assignment or participations shall be made to
Disqualified Institutions or Competitors; 

(2) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part
of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; 

(3) the parties to each assignment shall execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and 

(4) the assignee, if it is not already a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire, the
applicable tax forms described in Section 2.17(f) and
all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act. 

For purposes of this Section 9.04(b):

Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that
is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender or (d) a limited partner or member of any of the
foregoing.

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of
credit in the ordinary course.

(c) Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(iv), from and after the recordation date of each Assignment and Assumption in the Register, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such
Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under
this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by 

-140- 

a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation
in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 9.04(c). 

(d) The Administrative Agent, acting for this
purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain accessible at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the
Commitment of, and principal amounts (and related stated interest amounts) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent
manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender and the owner of the amounts owing to it under the Loan Documents as
reflected in the Register for all purposes of the Loan Documents, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and, with respect to itself, any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to
time upon reasonable prior written notice. 

(i) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption
executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder) and all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act, the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 9.04(b) and any written
consent to such assignment required by Section 9.04(b), the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of
this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(e) Any Lender may, without the consent
of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (each a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a
portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it), provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement.
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents, provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to
Section 9.02(b) that requires the affirmative vote of such Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register complying with the requirements of
Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and the Treasury regulations issued thereunder on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and stated interest amounts of each Participants interest in the
Loans held by it (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any person (including the identity of any Participant or any
information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is
in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) or Proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury Regulations (or, in 

-141- 

each case, any amended or successor version), or is otherwise required thereunder. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such Loan or other obligation hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative
Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. Subject to Section 9.04(f), the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections
2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender (subject to the requirements and limitations thereof, it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the
participating Lender) and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 9.04(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a
Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 9.03(b) with respect to
any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s). 

(f) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment
under Section 2.15 or Section 2.17 than
the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent and the entitlement
to receive a greater payments results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of
Section 2.17 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.17(e) as though it were a Lender (it being
understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17 shall be delivered to the participating Lender). 

(g) Any Lender may at any time pledge, assign or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to
secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge, assignment or grant to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge, assignment or grant of a security interest,
provided that no such pledge, assignment or grant of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledge or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in
the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have independent significance and be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive
the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or
knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount
payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

SECTION 9.06.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall
constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative 

-142- 

Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the
subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof
which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a
particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special,
time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter
existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that if any Defaulting Lender shall
exercise any such right of setoff, (i) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and, pending such payment, shall be segregated
by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in
reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set off. The applicable Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such setoff or application, provided that any
failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such setoff or application under this Section 9.08. The rights of each Lender under this Section 9.08 are in addition to other rights and
remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service
of Process. 

(a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any
Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York
State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in
any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

-143- 

(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent
it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in
Section 9.09(b). Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 9.01. NOTHING
IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES
HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10. 

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, trustees, officers,
employees, financing sources and agents, including accountants,
legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent
requested by any regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable lawsRequirements of Law or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal
process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder
or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.12, to (i) any assignee or pledgee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee or pledgee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent
of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.12 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis 

-144- 

from a source other than the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries, provided that such source is not actually known by such disclosing party to be bound by an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those contained in this Section 9.12. For the purposes of this Section 9.12, the term Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the
Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, provided that, in the case of information received from the
Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.12 shall
be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to
any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively, the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate)
that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof,
shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.13 shall be cumulated and
the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of
repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 9.14. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender and each Agent hereby notifies the
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will
allow such Person to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. 

SECTION 9.15. Release of Collateral. Upon any
sale or other transfer by any Loan Party of any Collateral that is permitted under this Agreement, or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest granted hereby in any Collateral pursuant to
Section 9.02 of this Agreement, the Mortgage or other security interest in such Collateral shall be automatically released and the Collateral Agent is authorized to, and shall, take any action to effect the foregoing, including, without
limitation, executing and delivering to the Borrower, in recordable form, discharges and releases of such Mortgage or other security interest. 

SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the
extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

-145- 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

SECTION
9.17. Purchase Option.

(a)Termination Notice; Purchase Notice. Upon the occurrence of a Purchase Option Trigger Event, the Administrative Agent shall
provide prompt written notice to each Term Lender of the occurrence of such Purchase Option Trigger Event within one (1) Business Day after the Administrative Agent obtains knowledge thereof. Each such Term Lender shall deliver a non-binding
indication of interest of participating in a purchase option within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent. Following the delivery of such indication of interest, on one occasion exercised within thirty
(30) days of a Purchase Option Trigger Event, such Term Lenders shall have the option, but not the obligation, to (x) purchase from the Revolving Lenders all, but not less than all, of the Revolving Loans and other Revolving Obligations
owing to the Revolving Lenders and (y) assume all, but not less than all, of the then-existing Revolving Commitments. Such right shall be exercised by the applicable Term Lenders giving a written notice (the Purchase Notice) to the
Administrative Agent (who shall in turn promptly deliver such notice to each Revolving Lender). A Purchase Notice once delivered shall be irrevocable. Each Term Lender shall have the right to purchase its pro rata share of the Revolving Obligations
and assume its pro rata share of the Revolving Commitments, and Term Lenders exercising such rights may exercise the rights of non-exercising Term Lenders, in each case on a pro rata basis as among exercising Term Lenders until such rights have been
exercised as to all Revolving Obligations and all Revolving Commitments (in any case, prior to issuance of the Purchase Notice).

(b)Purchase Option Closing. On the date specified in the Purchase
Notice (which shall not be less than three (3) Business Days nor more than five (5) Business Days after delivery to Administrative Agent of the Purchase Notice) (such date the Purchase Option Date), the Revolving Lenders shall
sell to the exercising Term Lenders, and the exercising Term Lenders shall purchase from the Revolving Lenders, all, but not less than all, of the Revolving Obligations, and the Revolving Lenders shall assign to the exercising Term Lenders, and the
exercising Term Lenders shall assume from the Revolving Lenders all, but not less than all, of the then existing Revolving Commitments. Upon such closing, each selling Revolving Lender shall be released from all of its Revolving Commitments
hereunder.

(c)Purchase Price. The purchase, sale and assumption pursuant to this Section 9.17 shall be made by execution and delivery
by the Administrative Agent, Revolving Lenders and exercising Term Lenders of an Assignment and Acceptance. Upon the date of such purchase and sale, (i) the exercising Term Lenders shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the Obligations with
respect to the Revolving Loans and Swingline Advances owing to the Revolving Lenders and the Revolving Agent, including principal, interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and any fees accrued and unpaid thereon, to the extent earned or due and payable
in accordance with the Loan Documents and irrespective of whether allowed or allowable in

-146- 

connection with any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding,
(ii) any contingent indemnification Obligations in respect of asserted indemnity claims payable to the Revolving Lenders or their respective Affiliates (which, in the case of contingent Obligations in respect thereof, shall be satisfied by
providing the Administrative Agent cash collateral in an amount equal to 100% of such obligations; it being agreed by the parties hereto that the Administrative Agent shall (A) be entitled to apply such cash collateral solely to satisfy such
obligations owing to the selling Revolving Lenders and their respective Affiliates and (B) promptly return any unapplied portion of such cash collateral to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Term Lenders at such time as all such
Obligations have been paid in full) and (iii) all expenses to the extent owing to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full. Such purchase price and cash collateral shall be remitted by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 2.13, solely for the account of the selling Revolving Lenders and shall be immediately distributed to such selling Lenders in accordance with their
respective ratable shares. Interest and fees shall be calculated to but excluding the Business Day on which such purchase and sale shall occur if the amounts so paid by the Term Lenders are received by the Administrative Agent prior to 2:00 p.m.
(New York City time) and interest and fees shall be calculated to and including such Business Day if the amounts so paid by the Term Lenders are received by Administrative Agent later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time). If, within twelve
(12) months after the consummation of the purchase, sale and assumption made pursuant to this Section 9.17, any Term Lender receives any Prepayment Premium solely and directly arising from the reduction or termination of Revolving
Commitments in accordance with Section 2.08(b), then such Prepayment Premium shall be segregated and held in trust and promptly paid over to the Revolving Agent, for the benefit of the selling Revolving Lenders, in the same form as received,
with any necessary endorsements. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing sentence shall not apply to any Prepayment Premium payable in respect of the Term Loans.

(d)Nature of Sale. The purchase and sale pursuant to this
Section 9.17 shall be expressly made without representation or warranty of any kind by the Revolving Lenders as to the Revolving Obligations or otherwise and without recourse to the Revolving Lenders, except for representations and warranties
as to the following made by each selling Lender severally (and not jointly): (i) the amount of the Revolving Obligations being purchased from such selling Lender (including as to the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on such
Revolving Obligations, fees and expenses thereof), (ii) that such selling Lender owns the Revolving Obligations held by it free and clear of any Liens created by it and (iii) such selling Lender has the full right and power to assign its
Revolving Obligations and such assignment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action by such selling Lender. Notwithstanding anything herein, each selling Revolving Lender shall retain all of their respective indemnification rights
under the Loan Documents arising in respect of any act or omission that occurred on or before the date of such purchase and sale, and in furtherance of the foregoing, no amendment to such indemnification rights or their priority under any waterfall
provision shall be amended, modified, waived or terminated without the consent of each affected selling Lender. In connection with any such exercise of the purchase option pursuant to this Section 9.17, the purchasing Term Lenders may amend the
payment priority of all or any portion of the Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments so purchased to remove the super priority provisions relating thereto and cause such purchased Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments to be
pari passu in right of payment with the Term Loans hereunder (it being understood that such purchased Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments shall otherwise contain the same terms and provisions otherwise applicable to the existing
Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments). The Borrower and the Lenders hereby agree that this Agreement may be amended without the consent of any Person to effect the foregoing changes.

-147- 

(e)Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, the purchase option of
the Term Lenders described in this Section 9.17 may be exercised by such Term Lenders respective Affiliates who are Eligible Assignees hereunder.

SECTION
9.18. Agreements of Revolving Lenders and Term Lenders; Subordination.

(a)General. Each Term Lender and, to the extent its claim arises in connection with a Term Loan or any Commitments related to
Term Loans, each other Indemnitee and holder of an Obligation of a Loan Party (collectively, the Term Creditors) acknowledges and agrees that because of their differing rights in proceeds of the Collateral, the Obligations arising under
or in respect of the Term Loans and the Commitments related to Term Loans (collectively, the Term Obligations) are fundamentally different from the obligations arising under or in respect of the Revolving Loans and the Revolving
Commitments (and participations therein) (collectively, the Revolving Obligations) and must be separately classified in any plan of reorganization proposed or confirmed in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding involving the Borrower or
any Subsidiary Loan Party as a debtor. No Term Creditor shall seek in any such bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding to be treated as part of the same class of creditors as the Revolving Loans and/or the Revolving Commitments (and participations
therein), each other Indemnitee and holder of an Obligation of a Loan Party (collectively, the Revolving Creditors) or shall oppose any pleading or motion by the Revolving Creditors for the Revolving Creditors and the Term Creditors to
be treated as separate classes of creditors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and regardless of whether the Term Obligations arising in respect of the Term Loans and the Revolving Obligations are separately classified in any such plan of
reorganization, the Term Creditors hereby acknowledge and agree that to the extent that the aggregate value of the Collateral exceeds the amount of the Revolving Obligations, the Revolving Creditors shall be entitled to receive, in addition to
amounts distributed to them in respect of principal, pre-petition interest and other claims, all amounts owing in respect of interest, and fees, costs and charges incurred subsequent to the commencement of the applicable bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding (regardless of whether such interest, and fees, costs and charges incurred subsequent to the commencement of the applicable bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding is allowed as part of the claims of the Revolving Creditors under
Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise) payable pursuant to the payment priority provisions set forth in Section 2.18(g) before any distribution (whether pursuant to a plan of reorganization or otherwise) is made in respect of
any of the claims held by the Term Creditors; provided, that, subject to the foregoing, and after repayment in full of the Revolving Obligations, the Term Creditors shall be entitled to all amounts owing in respect of interest, fees, costs and
charges incurred subsequent to the commencement of the applicable bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs and charges incurred subsequent to the commencement of the applicable bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding is allowed as part of the claims of the Term Creditors under Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise). The Term Creditors hereby acknowledge and agree to hold in trust for the benefit of the Revolving Creditors and to turn
over to the Revolving Creditors all distributions received or receivable by them in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding (whether pursuant to a plan of reorganization or otherwise) for the application of such distributions in accordance with the
payment priority provisions set forth in Section 2.18(g), to the extent necessary to effectuate the intent of the preceding sentence, even if such turnover has the effect of reducing the claim or recovery of the Term Creditors. This
Section 9.18(a) shall be applicable both before and after the institution of any Bankruptcy Event involving the Borrower or any other Loan Party, including, without limitation, the filing of any petition by or against the Borrower or any other
Loan Party under the Bankruptcy Code, or any other Debtor Relief Law, and all converted or succeeding cases in respect thereof, and all references herein to the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be deemed to apply to the trustee for the
Borrower or such other Loan Party and the Borrower or such other Loan Party as debtor-in-possession. The relative rights of the Term Creditors and the Revolving Creditors in or to any distributions from or in respect of any Collateral or proceeds of
Collateral shall continue after the institution of any

-148- 

Bankruptcy Event involving the Borrower or any other Loan Party
on the same basis as prior to the date of such institution. This Section 9.18 is a subordination agreement under section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and shall be enforceable in any Bankruptcy Event.

(b)Bankruptcy Financing.

(i)
If the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall become
subject to a case or proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or any similar Bankruptcy Event, and if, as a debtor-in-possession or otherwise, such party moves for approval of (x) financing under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or similar
Debtor Relief Law in connection with a Bankruptcy Event (such financing, DIP Financing) to be provided by any Term Lender and/or (y) the use of cash collateral derived from the Collateral under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy
Code or similar Debtor Relief Law in connection with a DIP Financing provided by the Term Lenders with respect to such Bankruptcy Event, then each of the Revolving Lenders and the Collateral Agent agree not to object to any use of cash-collateral
derived from the Collateral or any such DIP Financing (nor support any other Person or entity objecting to such use of cash collateral or such DIP Financing), so long as either:

(1)such DIP Financing is (1) secured by a Lien pari
passu with the Lien securing the Obligations and (2) subordinated in right of payment only to the Revolving Obligations; or

(2)such DIP Financing meets the following requirements:

(A)
if such DIP Financing is secured by a Lien senior to
or pari passu with the Lien securing the Obligations, the Revolving Obligations are rolled up in their entirety into such DIP Financing and such rolled up Revolving Obligations are senior in right of payment to the other loans provided in
connection with such DIP Financing;

(B)the Collateral Agent receives replacement Liens and super-priority administrative expense claims as adequate protection for
any diminution in value of the Collateral Agents interests in the Collateral to the same extent granted in connection with such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral with the same priority (subject to (x) Section 5.11 and
(y) the Liens and claims securing such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral) as existed prior to such case or proceeding;

(C)
the agreements governing such DIP Financing or use
of cash-collateral do not require (x) the Borrower or any other Loan Party to seek confirmation of a specific plan of reorganization or (y) the liquidation of all or any portion of the Collateral prior to an event of default under such DIP
Financing or use of cash-collateral (but may include sale or plan of reorganization milestones providing for the sale of any portion of the Collateral or sale or reorganization of each Loan Partys business as a going concern);

(D)
such use of cash collateral or DIP Financing does
not contravene the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9.18;

(E)
the Administrative Agent (or its designee) will be
the collateral agent in respect of such DIP Financing; and

-149- 

(F)
the Term Lenders provide the Revolving Lenders with
five (5) Business Days prior written notice of the initial proposal for such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral and any material amendments thereto, which shall include a reasonable description of the material terms thereof (a DIP
Financing and/or use of cash collateral complying with this Section 9.18(b)(i), a Conforming Term Lender DIP Financing).

Each of the Revolving
Lenders and the Collateral Agent agrees that it will not raise any objections (nor support any other Person or entity in objecting) to a Conforming Term Lender DIP Financing, but may raise objections to any other financing proposed or provided by
any Term Lender or any other Person without the prior written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders. Each Lender hereby agrees that any Revolving Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates or Approved Funds shall be entitled (but not
obligated) to participate pro rata in such DIP Financing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Revolving Lenders may raise any objections to any such use of cash collateral or such financing that could be raised by any other creditor of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party whose claims are not secured by any Liens on the Collateral, provided that such objections are not based on their status as secured creditors and are not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Section
9.18.

(ii)If the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall become subject to a case or proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or any similar
Bankruptcy Event and if, as a debtor-in-possession or otherwise, such party moves for approval of (x) DIP Financing to be provided by any Revolving Lenders under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or similar Debtor Relief Law in connection
with a Bankruptcy Event and/or (y) the use of cash collateral derived from the Collateral under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or similar Debtor Relief Law in connection with a DIP Financing provided by any Revolving Lenders with
respect to such Bankruptcy Event, and the Term Lenders and their respective Affiliates and Approved Funds decline to provide or offer to provide a DIP Financing, any Revolving Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates or Approved Funds may,
directly or indirectly, provide, offer to provide or participate in (by participation, guarantee or similar credit enhancement) any DIP Financing that complies with this Section 9.18(b)(ii) and such DIP Financing may be secured by a Lien junior
to, pari passu with, or senior to the Lien securing the Obligations (or any portion thereof). The Term Lenders agree not to object to any such use of cash-collateral derived from the Collateral in connection with a DIP Financing provided by
any Revolving Lender or any such DIP Financing (nor support any other Person or entity objecting to such use of cash collateral or such DIP Financing), so long as:

(1)the Collateral Agent receives replacement Liens and
super-priority administrative expense claims as adequate protection for any diminution in value of the Collateral Agents interests in the Collateral to secure the Obligations owed to the Term Lenders to the same extent granted in connection
with such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral with the same priority (subject to (x) the payment priority provisions in Section 2.18(g) and (y) the Lien and claims securing such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral) as existed
prior to such case or proceeding;

(2)the aggregate principal amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding under such DIP Financing plus the amount of
Revolving Obligations outstanding on the commencement of such case under the Bankruptcy Code or other Bankruptcy Event does not exceed an amount to be determined in good faith by the Revolving Lenders and the Term Lenders to fund the operational and
administrative costs (net of operating cash) of such case under the Bankruptcy Code or such other Bankruptcy Event;

-150- 

(3)the priority of payment of such DIP Financing is not both
junior in right of payment to the Revolving Obligations and simultaneously senior or pari passu in right of payment to the Obligations owing to the Term Lenders;

(4)the agreements governing such DIP Financing or use of
cash-collateral do not require (1) the Borrower or any other Loan Party to seek confirmation of a specific plan of reorganization or (2) the liquidation of all or any portion of the Collateral prior to an event of default under such DIP
Financing or use of cash-collateral (but may include sale or plan of reorganization milestones providing for the sale or reorganization of each Loan Partys business as a going concern);

(5)such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral does not
contravene the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9.18;

(6)the Administrative Agent (or its designee) will be the collateral agent in respect of such DIP Financing; and

(7)the Revolving Lenders provide the Term Lenders with five
(5) Business Days prior written notice of the initial proposal for such DIP Financing or use of cash-collateral and any material amendments thereto, which shall include a reasonable description of the material terms thereof (a DIP
Financing and/or use of cash collateral complying with this Section 9.18(b)(ii), a Conforming Revolving Lender DIP Financing).

Each Term Lender agrees that
it will not raise any objections to a Conforming Revolving Lender DIP Financing, but may raise objections to any other financing proposed or provided by any Revolving Lender or any other Person without the prior written consent of the Required Term
Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Term Lender may raise any objections to any use of cash collateral or DIP Financing that could be raised by any other creditor of the Borrower or any other Loan Party whose claims are not secured by any
Liens on the Collateral, provided that such objections are not based on their status as secured creditors and are not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Section 9.18.

(c)Credit Bidding. The Revolving Lenders and the Term Lenders
hereby acknowledge and agree that the Obligations (or any portion thereof) may not be credit bid by any Revolving Lender, any Term Lender or the Collateral Agent unless (i) (1) the Required Revolving Lenders have consented to such credit
bid or (2) the Revolving Obligations are repaid in full in cash in connection with the closing of such credit bid and (ii) the Required Term Lenders have consented to such credit bid. Without limiting the foregoing, the Required Term
Lenders may directly (or direct the Collateral Agent on their behalf to) make a credit bid on behalf of all Term Lenders and offset against the purchase price for any Collateral the amount of any Obligations owed to the Term Lenders without the
consent of the Revolving Lenders if the Revolving Obligations are repaid in full in connection with the closing of such credit bid.

(d)Avoidance Issues; Reinstatement. The Revolving Lenders and the
Term Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that, if a Revolving Lender or a Term Lender receives payment or property on account of any Obligation, and the payment is subsequently invalidated, avoided, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set
aside, or otherwise required to be transferred to a trustee, receiver, or a Loan Party or the estate of a Loan Party (a Recovery), then, to the extent of the Recovery, the Obligations intended to have been satisfied by the payment will
be reinstated as Revolving Obligations or Obligations owed to the Term Lenders, as applicable, on the date of the Recovery, and no payment in full of the Revolving Obligations or payment in full of the Obligations owed to the Term Lenders, as
applicable, will be deemed to have occurred for all or any purpose hereunder. If this Agreement is terminated prior to a

-151- 

Recovery, this Section 9.18 will be reinstated in full force
and effect, and such prior termination will not diminish, release, discharge, impair, or otherwise affect the obligations of the parties hereto from the date of reinstatement.

(e)Rights of Loan Parties. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 9.18 to the contrary, each Lender and Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Section 9.18 is solely for the benefit of the Lenders and Agents party hereto, and that this Section 9.18 shall not be binding on any Loan
Party and shall not otherwise restrict, modify, amend, impair or constrain in any way the rights, obligations, claims, defenses, or actions of any Loan Party.

Remainder of Page
Intentionally Left Blank

-152-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tem-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tem-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tem-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001717115

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Tempus AI, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-42130

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4903308

Entity Address, Address Line One 600 West Chicago Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 510

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60654

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 976-5448

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TEM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.tem.com//20250203/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d843563d8k.htm 
tem-20250203.xsd 
tem-20250203_lab.xml 
tem-20250203_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019313-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d843563d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001717115 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

false 
0001717115 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
Tempus AI, Inc. 
DE 
001-42130 
47-4903308 
600 West Chicago Avenue 
Suite 510 
Chicago 
IL 
60654 
(800) 
976-5448 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
TEM 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>