<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-004275.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-004275.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116172615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-004275
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ondas Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001646188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39761
		FILM NUMBER:		25536484

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1410
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6314187044

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1410
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZEV VENTURES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150624
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227849-8k_ondas.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164618800016461882025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
January 15, 2025

Ondas Holdings Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-39761 47-2615102

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Marina Park Drive, Suite 1410, Boston,
MA02210

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code (888) 350-9994

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock par value $0.0001 ONDS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

The disclosure included
in Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

As previously disclosed,
on November 13, 2024, Ondas Networks Inc. (Networks), a subsidiary of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the Company), entered
into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the November Agreement), for an aggregate investment of $2.07 million in
Networks (the Offering). The November Agreement was entered into by and among Networks and a private investor group, including
Charles & Potomac Capital, LLC (the Lead Investor), an entity affiliated with Joseph Popolo, a Board Member of the Company,
for the sale of secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $2.07 million (the November Notes). The
November Notes will (i) bear an interest at a rate of 10% per annum, (ii) have a maturity date of September 30, 2025, (iii) be secured
by all assets of Networks, provided however such secured obligation shall be subordinate to that certain secured note, dated September
3, 2024, by and between Networks and the Lead Investor, and (iv) at the option of the Lead Investor, be convertible into securities of
Networks at the time of the closing of (A) a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Note) or (B) a subsequent offering of securities
of Networks. Pursuant to the November Agreement, Networks issued the private investor group warrants to purchase 50,082 shares of senior
preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share, at an exercise price of $20.65 per share and exercisable commencing on the date of issuance
through the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance (the November Warrants, together with the November Notes, the Securities).

Also, as previously
disclosed, Networks noted that it may hold one or more subsequent closings at any time prior to January 15, 2025, unless otherwise extended,
to sell additional Securities in an aggregate principal amount up to $2.93 million.

On January 15, 2025,
Networks entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the January Agreement), for an aggregate investment of
$2.93 million in Networks (the January Offering). The January Agreement was entered into by and among Networks and a private
investor group for the sale of secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of $2.93 million (the January Notes).
The January Notes will (i) bear an interest at a rate of 10% per annum, (ii) have a maturity date of September 30, 2025, (iii) be secured
by all assets of Networks, provided however such secured obligation shall be subordinate to that certain secured note, dated September
3, 2024, by and between Networks and the Lead Investor, and (iv) at the option of the Lead Investor, be convertible into securities of
Networks at the time of the closing of (A) a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Note) or (B) a subsequent offering of securities
of Networks. Pursuant to the January Agreement, Networks issued the private investor group warrants to purchase 70,947 shares of senior
preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share, at an exercise price of $20.65 per share and exercisable commencing on the date of issuance
through the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance (the Warrants, together with the January Notes, the New Securities).

The issuance of the New
Securities were exempt from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of such Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder based upon the representations of each of the investors
that it was an accredited investor (as defined under Rule 501 of Regulation D) and that it was purchasing such securities
without a present view toward a distribution of the securities. In addition, there was no general advertisement conducted in connection
with the sale of the New Securities.

The foregoing
summary of the terms of the January Agreement, the January Notes and the Warrants do not purport to be complete and are subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by, such documents attached as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure included
in Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant of Ondas Networks Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the SEC on November 15, 2024).

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.2 

Form of Convertible Promissory Note (see Exhibit A to the Securities Purchase Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of
Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC.

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 16, 2025 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Eric A. Brock

Eric A. Brock

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022784901ex10-1_ondas.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made as of [ ], 2025, by and among Ondas Networks Inc.,
a Texas corporation (the Company), and the investors listed on Schedule A to this Agreement (each a Purchaser
and together the Purchasers).

The
parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Notes.

1.1 Sale
and Issuance of Notes.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents (as defined below), each Purchaser agrees to purchase at the Closing and the
Company agrees to sell and issue to each Purchaser at the Closing a secured convertible promissory note in the form of Exhibit A
attached to this Agreement, in the amount set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule A to this Agreement (each
a Note and together the Notes).

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents, upon the closing of (i) a sale of the Company or (ii) a subsequent private
or public offering of securities of the Company, the Notes shall be convertible at the option of Charles & Potomac Capital, LLC,
a Texas limited liability company (the Lead Investor), into the most senior preferred stock outstanding at the time
of such closing.

1.2 Security.
Each Note is a general secured obligation of the Company, which shall be secured by all of the assets of the Company, provided however
such secured obligation referenced hereto shall be subordinate to that certain secured note, dated September 3, 2024, by and between
the Company and Charles & Potomac Capital LLC, a Texas limited liability company.

1.3 Closing;
Delivery.

(a) The
purchase and sale of the Notes shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, at 10:00 a.m. Miami time, on a
date to be specified by the Company and each Purchaser, which shall be no later than the second Business Day after satisfaction (or waiver)
of the conditions set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement (not including conditions which are to be satisfied by
actions taken at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction of such conditions), or at such other time and place as the Company and
each Purchaser mutually agree upon, orally or in writing (the Closing). The parties anticipate that each Closing
will occur by [ ], 2025.

(b) At
the Closing, the Company shall take such action as is reasonably necessary and legally required to reflect the sale, assignment, transfer
and delivery of the Notes on the books and records of the Company and together with all accrued rights and benefits attached thereto.

1.4 Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Notes as set forth on Exhibit C.

1.5 Defined
Terms Used in this Agreement. In addition to the terms defined above, the following terms used in this Agreement shall be construed
to have the meanings set forth or referenced below.

(a) Accredited
Investor Questionnaire means the questionnaire attached hereto as Exhibit D.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with such Person, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer, director or trustee of such Person,
or any venture capital fund or registered investment company now or hereafter existing that is controlled by one (1) or more general
partners, managing members or investment advisers of, or shares the same management company or investment adviser with, such Person.

(c) Business
Day means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday in the State of Texas, on which commercial banks in New York,
New York are open for the general transaction of business.

(d) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(e) Companys
Knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge after reasonable investigation of the following officers: Eric Brock, Neil Laird,
and Guy Simpson.

(f) Company
Intellectual Property means all patents, patent applications, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications,
registered and unregistered service marks, service mark applications, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names, information
and proprietary rights and processes, similar or other intellectual property rights, subject matter of any of the foregoing, tangible
embodiments of any of the foregoing, licenses in, to and under any of the foregoing, and in any and all such cases that are owned or
used by the Company or the Subsidiaries in the conduct of the Companys business as now conducted and as presently proposed to
be conducted.

(g) Holdings
Convertible Note Waiver means the waiver attached hereto as Exhibit B.

(h) Investors
Rights Agreement means that certain Investors Rights Agreement, dated July 21, 2023, by and among the Company, Holdings
and each of the investors listed on Schedule A thereto.

(i) Key
Employee means any executive-level employee (including division director and vice president-level positions).

(j) Material
Adverse Effect means any state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or occurrence which, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets (including intangible assets),
liabilities, financial condition, property, or results of operations of the Company; provided that, Material Adverse Effect
shall be deemed to exclude the impact of (i) changes in applicable laws (or interpretations or enforcement thereof); (ii) changes or
modifications to GAAP; (iii) general national or international economic, financial, political or business conditions, banking, financial
or credit markets in general or changes in any fiscal or monetary policy; (iv) acts of terrorism or war (whether or not declared), military
action or the escalation thereof; (v) changes in the industries in which the Company operates; (vi) the execution or announcement of
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or the other Transaction Documents or any action expressly required by this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents; (vii) changes in the price or trading volume of Ondas Holdings Inc.s, a Nevada corporation (Holdings)
common stock, par value per share $0.0001 (it being understood that any cause underlying such change may be taken into consideration
when determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred unless such cause is otherwise excluded) or (viii) any failure by the
Company to meet internal projections or forecasts or third-party revenue or earnings predictions for any period (it being understood
that any cause underlying such failure may be taken into consideration when determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred,
unless such cause is otherwise excluded); provided that clause (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall be considered for purposes of determining
whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect to the extent such state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or occurrence
has a disproportionate adverse effect on the Company as compared to other companies operating in the industry in which it operates.

(k) Person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or other entity.

(l) Relative
means, with respect to any natural Person, each of (a) the spouse, civil partner, lineal ancestors or descendants, nieces, nephews or
cousins of such natural Person or his/her spouse, regardless of whether such relationship exists by birth, adoption or marriage, (b)
any executors or administrators for, or the estate of, such natural Person or any of the foregoing, and (c) any trusts, partnerships,
companies or other Persons formed for the benefit of such natural Person or any of the foregoing.

2

(m) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(n) Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and the Notes.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each Purchaser that, except as set forth on the disclosure
schedules delivered by the Company to Purchaser in connection with this Agreement (the Disclosure Schedule) and
as described in the forms, reports, statements (including registration statements), certifications, and other documents and materials
filed or furnished by Holdings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) prior to the date of this Agreement,
as amended or supplemented since the time of filing or furnishing, and including all exhibits, financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein (the Holdings SEC Reports), which exceptions shall be deemed to
be part of the representations and warranties made hereunder, the following representations are true and complete as of the date of the
Closing, except as otherwise indicated. The Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered
sections contained in this Section 2, and the disclosures in any section of the Disclosure Schedule shall qualify other sections
in this Section 2 only to the extent it is readily apparent from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure is applicable
to such other sections.

2.1 Organization,
Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and
as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.2 Capitalization.

(a) The
authorized capital of the Company consists, immediately prior to the Closing, of 1,720,000 shares of common stock of the Company, $0.00001
par value per share (the Common Stock) and 671,187 shares of preferred stock of the Company, $0.00001 par value
per share (the Preferred Stock). All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized, are fully
paid and nonassessable and were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

(b) Schedule
2.2(b) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the capitalization of the Company immediately following the Closing including the number
of shares of the following: (i) issued and outstanding Common Stock, including, with respect to restricted Common Stock, vesting
schedule and repurchase price; (ii) outstanding stock options, including vesting schedule and exercise price; (iii) shares of Common
Stock reserved for future award grants under the Stock Plan; (iv) each series of Preferred Stock; and (v) warrants or stock purchase
rights, if any. Except for (A) the conversion privileges of the Notes to be issued under this Agreement, (B) the rights provided in Section
4 of the Investors Rights Agreement and (C) the securities and rights described in Sections 1 and 2.2(a) of this
Agreement and Schedule 2.2(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion
or preemptive rights and rights of first refusal or similar rights) or agreements, orally or in writing, to purchase or acquire from
the Company any shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock
or Preferred Stock.

(c) Except
as set forth in Schedule 2.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, none of the Companys stock purchase agreements or stock option documents
contains a provision for acceleration of vesting (or lapse of a repurchase right) or other changes in the vesting provisions or other
terms of such agreement or understanding upon the occurrence of any event or combination of events. The Company has never adjusted or
amended the exercise price of any stock options previously awarded, whether through amendment, cancellation, replacement grant, repricing,
or any other means. Except as set forth in the Certificate of Formation of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, the Company
has no obligation (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or redeem any of its capital stock.

3

(d) Other
than the Transaction Documents and as set forth on Schedule 2.2(d) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company is not party to any
side letters or existing agreements with any Person providing such Person with rights associated with the governance or capital stock
of the Company.

2.3 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not currently own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other corporation, partnership, trust, joint
venture, limited liability company, association, or other business entity. The Company is not a participant in any joint venture, partnership
or similar arrangement.

2.4 Authorization.
All corporate action required to be taken by the Companys Board of Directors and stockholders in order to authorize the Company
to enter into the Transaction Documents, and to issue the Notes at the Closing and the Securities issuable upon conversion of the Notes,
has been taken or will be taken prior to the applicable Closing. All action on the part of the officers of the Company necessary for
the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, the performance of all obligations of the Company under the Transaction Documents
to be performed as of the Closing, and the issuance and delivery of the Notes has been taken or will be taken prior to the applicable
Closing. The Transaction Documents, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief,
or other equitable remedies or (iii) to the extent the indemnification provisions contained in the Investors Rights Agreement
and the standard director and officer indemnification agreements of the Company approved by the Board of Directors may be limited by
applicable federal and state securities laws.

2.5 Valid
Issuance of Notes. The Notes, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with the terms and for the consideration set forth in
this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on
transfer under the Transaction Documents, applicable state and federal securities laws and liens or encumbrances created by or imposed
by a Purchaser. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of Purchasers in Section 3 of this Agreement, the Notes will be issued
in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. The Securities issuable upon conversion of the Notes will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer under the Transaction Documents,
the Certificate of Formation, applicable federal and state securities laws and liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by a Purchaser.
Assuming the accuracy of the representations of Purchasers in Section 3 of this Agreement, the Securities issuable upon conversion
of the Notes will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

2.6 Governmental
Consents and Filings. Assuming the accuracy of the representations made by Purchaser in Section 3 of this Agreement,
no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any federal,
state or local governmental authority is required on the part of the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except filings pursuant to applicable securities laws, which have been made or will be made in a timely
manner.

2.7 Litigation.
There is no claim, action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, complaint, or charge pending or to the Companys Knowledge, currently
threatened in writing (i) against the Company or to the Companys Knowledge, any officer, director or Key Employee of the Company
arising out of their employment or board relationship with the Company; or (ii) that questions the validity of the Transaction Documents
or the right of the Company to enter into them, or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; or (iii)
that would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor,
to the Companys Knowledge, any of its officers, directors or Key Employees is a party or is named as subject to the provisions
of any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality (in the case of officers, directors
or Key Employees, such as would affect the Company). There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation by the Company pending or
which the Company intends to initiate. The foregoing includes, without limitation, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending
or threatened in writing (or any basis therefor known to the Company) involving the prior employment of any of the Companys employees,
their services provided in connection with the Companys business, any information or techniques allegedly proprietary to any of
their former employers or their obligations under any agreements with prior employers.

4

2.8 Intellectual
Property.

(a) The
Company owns or possesses or can acquire on commercially reasonable terms sufficient legal rights to all Company Intellectual Property
without any known conflict with, or infringement of, the rights of others, including prior employees or consultants. The Company has
not received any communications alleging that the Company has violated, or by conducting its business, would violate any of the patents,
trademarks, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, trade secrets, mask works or other proprietary rights or processes of any other Person.

(b) To
the Companys Knowledge, no product or service marketed or sold (or proposed to be marketed or sold) by the Company violates or
will violate any license or infringes or will infringe any intellectual property rights of any other party.

(c) Other
than with respect to commercially available software products under standard end-user object code license agreements, there are no outstanding
options, licenses, agreements, claims, encumbrances or shared ownership interests of any kind relating to the Company Intellectual Property,
nor is the Company bound by or a party to any options, licenses or agreements of any kind with respect to the patents, trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, proprietary rights and processes of any other Person.

(d) The
Company has obtained and possesses valid licenses to use all of the software programs present on the computers and other software-enabled
electronic devices that it owns or leases or that it has otherwise provided to its employees for their use in connection with the Companys
business.

(e) Each
employee and consultant has assigned to the Company all intellectual property rights he or she owns that are related to the Companys
business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted and all intellectual property rights that he, she or it solely or
jointly conceived, reduced to practice, developed or made during the period of his, her or its employment or consulting relationship
with the Company that (i) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, development, or making of such intellectual property
right, to the Companys business as then conducted or as then proposed to be conducted, (ii) were developed on any amount of the
Companys time or with the use of any of the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or information or (iii) resulted from
the performance of services for the Company. To the Companys Knowledge, it will not be necessary to use any inventions of any
of its employees or consultants (or Persons it currently intends to hire) made prior to their employment by the Company, including prior
employees or consultants.

(f) Schedule 2.8(f)
of the Disclosure Schedule lists all patents, patent applications, registered trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
service mark applications, tradenames, registered copyrights, and licenses to and under any of the foregoing, in each case owned by the
Company.

(g) The
Company has not embedded, used or distributed any open source, copyleft or community source code (including but not limited to any libraries
or code, software, technologies or other materials that are licensed or distributed under any General Public License, Lesser General
Public License or similar license arrangement or other distribution model described by the Open Source Initiative at www.opensource.org,
collectively Open Source Software) in connection with any of its products or services that are generally available
or in development in any manner that would materially restrict the ability of the Company to protect its proprietary interests in any
such product or service or in any manner that requires, or purports to require (i) any Company Intellectual Property (other than
the Open Source Software itself) be disclosed or distributed in source code form or be licensed for the purpose of making derivative
works; (ii) any restriction on the consideration to be charged for the distribution of any Company Intellectual Property; (iii) the
creation of any obligation for the Company with respect to Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company or the grant to any third
party of any rights or immunities under Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company; or (iv) any other limitation, restriction
or condition on the right of the Company with respect to its use or distribution of any Company Intellectual Property.

5

(h) No
government funding, facilities of a university, college, other educational institution or research center, or funding from third parties
was used in the development of any Company Intellectual Property. No Person who was involved in, or who contributed to, the creation
or development of any Company Intellectual Property, has performed services for the government, university, college, or other educational
institution or research center in a manner that would affect Companys rights in the Company Intellectual Property.

2.9 Compliance
with Other Instruments. The Company is not in violation or default (i) of any provisions of its Certificate of Formation or Bylaws,
(ii) of any instrument, judgment, order, writ or decree, (iii) under any note, indenture or mortgage, lease, agreement, contract or purchase
order to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or (iv) of any provision of federal or state statute, rule or regulation
applicable to the Company, in each case of clauses (ii)-(iv), the violation or default of which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents will not result in any such violation or be in conflict with or constitute, with or without the passage of time and giving
of notice, either (i) a material default under any such provision, instrument, judgment, order, writ, decree, contract or agreement;
or (ii) an event which results in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation,
forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit or license applicable to the Company.

2.10 Agreements;
Actions.

(a) Except
as set forth in Schedule 2.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedules and for the Transaction Documents, there are no agreements, understandings,
instruments, contracts or proposed transactions to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound that involve (i) obligations
(contingent or otherwise) of, or payments to, the Company in excess of $200,000, (ii) the license of any patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret or other proprietary right to or from the Company, (iii) the grant of rights to manufacture, produce, assemble, license,
market, or sell its products to any other Person that limit the Companys exclusive right to develop, manufacture, assemble, distribute,
market or sell its products, or (iv) indemnification by the Company with respect to infringements of proprietary rights.

(b) Except
for the Transaction Documents, the Company has not (i) declared any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with
respect to any class or series of its capital stock, in any case which remains unpaid, (ii) incurred any indebtedness for money
borrowed or incurred any other liabilities that remain outstanding individually in excess of $100,000 or in excess of $250,000 in the
aggregate, (iii) made any loans or advances to any Person, other than ordinary advances for business expenses, or (iv) sold,
exchanged or otherwise disposed of any of its assets or rights, other than in the ordinary course of business. For the purposes of (a)
and (b) of this Section 2.10, all indebtedness, liabilities, agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts and proposed
transactions involving the same Person (including Persons the Company has reason to believe are affiliated with each other) shall be
aggregated for the purpose of meeting the individual minimum dollar amounts of such section.

(c) The
Company is not a guarantor or indemnitor of any indebtedness of any other Person.

2.11 Certain
Transactions.

(a) Other
than (i) standard employee benefits generally made available to all employees, standard employee offer letters, and employment agreements
or arrangements that can be terminated on less than ninety (90) days notice without penalty, (ii) standard director and officer
indemnification agreements approved by the Board of Directors, (iii) the purchase of shares of the Companys capital stock and
the issuance of options to purchase shares of the Companys Common Stock, in each instance, approved in the written minutes of
the Board of Directors (previously provided to Purchasers or their respective counsel), (iv) the documents set forth in Schedule 2.11(a)
of the Disclosure Schedules, and (v) the Transaction Documents, there are no agreements, understandings or proposed transactions
between the Company and any of its officers, directors, consultants or Key Employees, or any Affiliate thereof.

6

(b) Except
as set forth in Schedule 2.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedules and for the Transaction Documents, the Company is not indebted, directly
or indirectly, to any of its directors, officers or employees or to their respective Relatives or to any Affiliate of any of the foregoing,
other than in connection with expenses or advances of expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business or employee relocation expenses
and for other customary employee benefits made generally available to all employees. None of the Companys directors, officers
or employees, or any members of their respective Relatives, or any Affiliate of the foregoing are, directly or indirectly, indebted to
the Company.

2.12 Rights
of Registration and Voting Rights. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company is not
under any obligation to register under the Securities Act any of its currently outstanding securities or any securities issuable upon
exercise or conversion of its currently outstanding securities. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedules,
to the Companys Knowledge, no stockholder of the Company has entered into any agreements with respect to the voting of capital
shares of the Company.

2.13 Property.
The property and assets that the Company owns are free and clear of all mortgages, deeds of trust, liens, loans and encumbrances, except
for statutory liens for the payment of current taxes that are not yet delinquent and encumbrances and liens that arise in the ordinary
course of business and do not materially impair the Companys ownership or use of such property or assets. With respect to the
property and assets it leases, the Company is in compliance in all material respects with such leases and holds a valid leasehold interest
free of any liens, claims or encumbrances other than those of the lessors of such property or assets. The Company does not own any real
property.

2.14 Financial
Statements. The consolidated financial statements of Holdings included in the Holdings SEC Reports since January 1, 2022 (collectively,
the Financial Statements) comply, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC in all material respects with
the applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, and were prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated,
except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, and subject, in the case of the unaudited Financial Statements to normal, recurring
adjustments that are not material in amount and the absence of footnotes. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects
the consolidated financial condition of Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated results
of operations and cash flow for the periods then ended. Except as set forth in the Financial Statements, the Company has no material
liabilities or obligations, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to January 1, 2024; (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business; (iii) liabilities
and obligations of a type or nature not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, which, in all such cases, individually
and in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) liabilities disclosed in Holdings SEC filings.

2.15 Changes.
Since January 1, 2023 there has not been any (a) Material Adverse Effect, (b) any mortgage, pledge, transfer of a security interest in,
or lien, created by the Company, with respect to any of its material properties or assets, except liens for taxes not yet due or payable
and liens that arise in the ordinary course of business and do not materially impair the Companys ownership or use of such property
or assets, (c) any loans or guarantees made by the Company to or for the benefit of its employees, officers or directors, or any members
of their immediate families, other than travel advances and other advances made in the ordinary course of its business, or (d) any arrangement
or commitment by the Company to do any of the things described in clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 2.15.

2.16 Employee
Matters.

(a) The
Company is not delinquent in payments to any of its employees, consultants, or independent contractors for any wages, salaries, commissions,
bonuses, or other direct compensation for any service performed for it to the date hereof or amounts required to be reimbursed to such
employees, consultants or independent contractors. The Company has complied in all material respects with all applicable state and federal
equal employment opportunity laws and with other laws related to employment, including those related to wages, hours, worker classification
and collective bargaining. The Company has withheld and paid to the appropriate governmental entity or is holding for payment not yet
due to such governmental entity all amounts required to be withheld from employees of the Company and is not liable for any arrears of
wages, taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with any of the foregoing.

7

(b) To
the Companys Knowledge, no Key Employee intends to terminate employment with the Company or is otherwise likely to become unavailable
to continue as a Key Employee. The Company does not have a present intention to terminate the employment of any of the foregoing. The
employment of each employee of the Company is terminable at the will of the Company. Except as required by law, upon termination of the
employment of any such employees, no severance or other payments will become due. The Company has no policy, practice, plan or program
of paying severance pay or any form of severance compensation in connection with the termination of employment services.

(c) The
Company has not made any representations regarding equity incentives to any officer, employee, director or consultant that are inconsistent
with the share amounts and terms set forth in the minutes of meetings of (or actions taken by unanimous written consent by) the Companys
Board of Directors, respectively.

(d) Schedule 2.16(d)
of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each employee benefit plan maintained, established or sponsored by the Company, or which the
Company participates in or contributes to, which is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA).
The Company has made all required contributions and has no liability to any such employee benefit plan, other than liability for health
plan continuation coverage described in Part 6 of Title I(B) of ERISA, and has complied in all material respects with all applicable
laws for any such employee benefit plan.

(e) To
the Companys Knowledge, none of the Key Employees or directors of the Company has been (i) subject to voluntary or involuntary
petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law or the appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer
by a court for his or her business or property; (ii) convicted in a criminal proceeding or named as a subject of a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) subject to any order, judgment or decree (not subsequently reversed,
suspended, or vacated) of any court of competent jurisdiction permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from engaging, or otherwise
imposing limits or conditions on his or her engagement in any securities, investment advisory, banking, insurance, or other type of business
or acting as an officer or director of a public company; or (iv) found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or
by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or state securities,
commodities, or unfair trade practices law, which such judgment or finding has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated.

(f) Each
current and former employee, consultant and officer of the Company who has contributed to the development of any Company Intellectual
Property has executed an agreement with the Company regarding confidentiality and proprietary information substantially in the form or
forms delivered to Purchasers or their respective counsel (the Confidential Information Agreements). No current
or former Key Employee has excluded works or inventions from their assignment of inventions pursuant to such Key Employees Confidential
Information Agreement.

2.17 Tax
Returns and Payments. There are no federal, state, county, local or foreign taxes due and payable by the Company which have not been
timely paid. There are no accrued and unpaid federal, state, county, local or foreign taxes of the Company which are due, whether or
not assessed or disputed. There have been no examinations or audits of any tax returns or reports of the Company by any applicable federal,
state, local or foreign governmental agency, which remain unresolved. The Company has duly and timely filed all federal, state, county,
local and foreign tax returns required to have been filed by it and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes of limitations
with respect to taxes for any year.

2.18 Insurance.
The Company has in full force and effect insurance policies concerning such casualties as would be reasonable and customary for companies
like the Company, with extended coverage, sufficient in amount (subject to reasonable deductions) to allow it to replace any of its properties
that might be damaged or destroyed.

8

2.19 Permits.
The Company has all franchises, permits, licenses and any similar authority necessary for the conduct of its business, the lack of which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not in default in any material respect under any of such
franchises, permits, licenses or other similar authority.

2.20 Corporate
Documents. The Certificate of Formation and Bylaws of the Company as of the date of this Agreement are in the form provided to Purchasers.

2.21 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents
have, directly or indirectly, made, offered, promised or authorized any payment or gift of any money or anything of value to or for the
benefit of any foreign official (as such term is defined in the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended
(the FCPA)), foreign political party or official thereof or candidate for foreign political office for the purpose
of (i) influencing any official act or decision of such official, party or candidate, (ii) inducing such official, party or candidate
to use his, her or its influence to affect any act or decision of a foreign governmental authority, or (iii) securing any improper advantage,
in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii) above in order to assist the Company or any of its affiliates in obtaining or retaining business for
or with, or directing business to, any person. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its directors, officers,
employees or agents have made or authorized any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of funds
or received or retained any funds in violation of any law, rule or regulation. The Company further represents that it has maintained,
and has caused each of its subsidiaries and affiliates to maintain, systems of internal controls (including, but not limited to, accounting
systems, purchasing systems and billing systems) and written policies to ensure compliance with the FCPA or any other applicable anti-bribery
or anti-corruption law, and to ensure that all books and records of the Company accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail,
all transactions and dispositions of funds and assets. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its officers,
directors or employees are the subject of any allegation, voluntary disclosure, investigation, prosecution or other enforcement action
related to the FCPA or any other anti-corruption law (collectively, Enforcement Action).

2.22 Data
Privacy. In connection with its collection, storage, use and/or disclosure of any information that constitutes personal information,
personal data or personally identifiable information as defined in applicable laws (collectively Personal
Information) by or on behalf of the Company, the Company is and for the past two (2) years has been in compliance with (i)
all applicable laws (including, without limitation, laws relating to privacy, data security, telephone and text message communications,
and marketing by email or other channels) in all relevant jurisdictions in all material respects, (ii) the Companys privacy policies,
and (iii) the requirements of any contract codes of conduct or industry standards by which the Company are bound. The Company maintains
and has maintained reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures and policies designed to protect all Personal
Information owned, stored, used, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of the Company from and against unlawful, accidental or unauthorized
access, destruction, loss, use, modification and/or disclosure. The Company is and has been for the past two (2) years, to the Companys
Knowledge, in compliance in all material respects with all laws relating to data loss, theft and breach of security notification obligations.
To the Companys Knowledge, there has been no occurrence of (x) unlawful, accidental or unauthorized destruction, loss, use, modification
or disclosure of or access to Personal Information owned, stored, used, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of the Company such
that Privacy Requirements require or required the Company to notify government authorities, affected individuals or other parties of
such occurrence or (y) unauthorized access to or disclosure of the Companys confidential information or trade secrets that reasonably
would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

2.23 Disclosure.
The Company has made available to Purchaser all the information reasonably available to the Company that Purchaser has requested for
deciding whether to acquire the Notes.

9

2.24
Limitations on Representations and Warranties.

(a) Except
for the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 and as may be set forth in the other Transaction Documents, the
Company acknowledges that no Purchaser nor any other Person on its behalf makes any other express or implied representation or warranty
with respect to Purchaser or with respect to any other information provided to the Company.

(b) Except
as expressly set forth in this Section 2, and as may be set forth in the other Transaction Documents, neither the Company nor
any other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company and the Company disclaims all liability
and responsibility for any representation, warranty, promise, assurance, guaranty or other statement made (including any opinion, information,
financial projection or advice which may have been provided to Purchasers or any of their Affiliates), or information communicated orally
or in writing, or the accuracy or completeness thereof, to Purchasers or any of their Affiliates by the Company or any partner, director,
manager, officer, employee, accounting firm, legal counsel, or other agent, consultant, financial advisor or representative of the Company.

3. Representations
and Warranties of Purchaser. Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company, severally and not jointly, that:

3.1 Authorization.
Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents. All corporate action required to be taken by Purchaser
in order to authorize Purchaser to enter into the Transaction Documents has been taken. The Transaction Documents to which Purchaser
is a party, when executed and delivered by Purchaser, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable
against such Purchaser in accordance with their terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and as limited
by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

3.2 Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with Purchaser in reliance upon Purchasers representation to the Company,
which by Purchasers execution of this Agreement, Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Notes to be acquired by Purchaser will be
acquired for investment for Purchasers own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution
of any part thereof, and that Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing
the same. By executing this Agreement, Purchaser further represents that Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking,
agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such Person or to any third Person, with respect
to any of the Notes. Purchaser has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Notes.

3.3 Disclosure
of Information. Purchaser has had an opportunity to discuss the Companys business, management, financial affairs and the terms
and conditions of the offering of the Notes with the Companys management and has had an opportunity to review the Companys
facilities. The foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2
of this Agreement or the right of Purchaser to rely thereon.

3.4 Restricted
Securities. Purchaser understands that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, by reason of
a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature
of the investment intent and the accuracy of Purchasers representations as expressed herein. Purchaser understands that the Notes
are restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, Purchaser
must hold the Notes indefinitely unless they are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by state authorities,
or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no obligation
to register or qualify the Notes, or the Common Stock into which it may be converted, for resale except as set forth in the Investors
Rights Agreement. Purchaser further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned
on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Notes, and on requirements
relating to the Company which are outside of Purchasers control, and which the Company is under no obligation and may not be able
to satisfy.

3.5 No
Public Market. Purchaser understands that no public market now exists for the Notes, and that the Company has made no assurances
that a public market will ever exist for the Notes.

10

3.6 Legends.
Purchaser understands that the Notes and any securities issued in respect of or exchange for the Notes, may be notated with one or all
of the following legends:

THIS
NOTE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
ACT), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE
ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS.

(a) Any
legend set forth in, or required by, the other Transaction Documents.

(b) Any
legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the Notes represented by the certificate,
instrument, or book entry so legended.

3.7 Accredited
Investor. Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

3.8 Foreign
Investors. If Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), Purchaser hereby represents
that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe
for the Notes or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the
Notes, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may
need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding,
redemption, sale, or transfer of the Notes. Purchasers subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the
Notes will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Purchasers jurisdiction.

3.9 CFIUS
Foreign Person Status. Purchaser is not a foreign person or a foreign entity, as defined in Section 721
of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, including all implementing regulations thereof (the DPA). Purchaser
is not controlled by a foreign person, as defined in the DPA. Purchaser does not permit any foreign person affiliated with
Purchaser, whether affiliated as a limited partner or otherwise, to obtain through Purchaser any of the following with respect to the
Company: (i) access to any material nonpublic technical information (as defined in the DPA) in the possession of the Company;
(ii) membership or observer rights on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the Company or the right to nominate an
individual to a position on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the Company; (iii) any involvement, other than through
the voting of shares, in the substantive decision-making of the Company regarding (x) the use, development, acquisition, or release of
any critical technology (as defined in the DPA), (y) the use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive
personal data (as defined in the DPA) of U.S. citizens maintained or collected by the Company, or (z) the management, operation,
manufacture, or supply of covered investment critical infrastructure (as defined in the DPA); or (iv) control
of the Company (as defined in the DPA).

3.10 No
General Solicitation. Neither Purchaser, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders or partners has either
directly or indirectly, including, through a broker or finder (a) engaged in any general solicitation, or (b) published any
advertisement in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes.

3.11 Exculpation
among Purchasers. Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any Person, other than the Company and its officers and directors,
in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company. Purchaser agrees that neither any Purchaser nor the respective controlling
Persons, officers, directors, partners, members, agents, representatives (including counsel or accountants) or employees of any Purchaser
will be liable to any other Purchaser for any action heretofore taken or omitted to be taken by any of them in connection with the purchase
of the Notes.

11

3.12 Residence.
The office or offices of Purchaser in which its principal place of business is located, as set forth on the signature page hereto.

3.13 Limitations
on Representations and Warranties.

(a) Except
for the representations and warranties contained in Section 2 and as may be set forth in the other Transaction Documents, Purchaser
acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other Person on its behalf makes any other express or implied representation or warranty
with respect to the Company or with respect to any other information provided to Purchaser.

(b) Except
as expressly set forth in this Section 3, and as may be set forth in the other Transaction Documents, neither Purchaser nor any
other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Purchaser and Purchaser disclaims all liability
and responsibility for any representation, warranty, promise, assurance, guaranty or other statement made, or information communicated
orally or in writing, or the accuracy or completeness thereof, to the Company or any of its Affiliates by Purchaser or any partner, director,
manager, officer, employee, accounting firm, legal counsel, or other agent, consultant, financial advisor or representative of Purchaser.

4. Conditions
to Purchasers Obligations at Closing. The obligations of Purchaser to purchase
Notes at the Closing are subject to the fulfillment, on or before such Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise
waived:

4.1 Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct in
all respects.

4.2 Performance.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement
that are required to be performed or complied with by the Company on or before such Closing.

4.3 Compliance
Certificate. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall deliver to Purchaser at such Closing a certificate certifying that
the conditions specified in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 have been fulfilled.

4.4 Qualifications.
All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state
that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained and effective
as of such Closing.

4.5 Secretarys
Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have been delivered to the Purchaser at the Closing a certificate certifying (i)
the Certificate of Formation and Bylaws of the Company as in effect at the Closing and (ii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of
the Company approving the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Convertible
Promissory Notes. The Company shall have entered into the Notes.

4.7 UCC
Search. The Company shall have completed a Uniform Commercial Code search in the Company to confirm no existing liens.

4.8 Holdings
Convertible Note Waiver. Holdings shall have entered into the Convertible Note Waiver.

12

5. Conditions
of the Companys Obligations at Closing.

5.1 The
obligations of the Company to sell Notes to a Purchaser at the Closing are subject to the fulfillment, on or before such Closing, of
each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct in all
respects as of such Closing.

(b) Performance.
Such Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all covenants, agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement
that are required to be performed or complied with by them on or before such Closing.

(c) Qualifications.
All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state
that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained and effective
as of the Closing.

(d) Convertible
Promissory Notes. Each Purchaser shall have executed and delivered a Note.

(e) Accredited
Investor Questionnaire. Each Purchaser shall have executed and delivered an Accredited Investor Questionnaire.

(f) Holdings
Convertible Note Waiver. Holdings shall have entered into the Convertible Note Waiver.

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Survival
of Warranties. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the Company and Purchaser contained
in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Closing and shall in no way
be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of Purchaser or the Company.

6.2 Successors
and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors
and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties
hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

6.3 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict of law principles that
would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Texas.

6.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so
delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

6.5 Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting this Agreement.

13

6.6
Notices.

(a) General.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given
upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by electronic mail during
normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day,
(c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business
day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written
verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their address as set forth on the signature page
or to such e-mail address or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 6.6.
If notice is given to the Company, a copy shall also be sent to Akerman LLP, Three Brickell City Centre, 98 Southeast Seventh Street,
Suite 1100, Miami, FL 33131, Attention: Christina Russo ([ ]) and Martin G. Burkett ([ ]).

(b) Consent
to Electronic Notice. Each Purchaser consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Texas Business Organizations
Code, as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic transmission at the e-mail address set forth below such Purchasers
name on the signature page, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic
transmission is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected
e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each Purchaser
agrees to promptly notify the Company of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

6.7 No
Finders Fees. Each party represents that it neither is nor will be obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection
with this transaction. Each Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or compensation
in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against
such liability or asserted liability) for which each Purchaser or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible. The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a
finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability
or asserted liability) for which the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible.

6.8 Fees
and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser shall pay their respective legal and administrative costs.

6.9 Attorneys
Fees. If any action at law or in equity (including, arbitration) is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of any of the Transaction
Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, costs and necessary disbursements in addition
to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.

6.10 Amendments
and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of the Company and Lead
Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 6.10 shall be binding upon Purchaser and each
transferee of the Notes (or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof), each future holder of all such securities, and the Company.

6.11 Severability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

6.12 Delays
or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach
or default of any other party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or non-defaulting
party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach
or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default
theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any
breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must
be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement
or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.

14

6.13 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits hereto) and the other Transaction Documents constitute the full and entire understanding
and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the
subject matter hereof existing between the parties are expressly canceled.

6.14 Dispute
Resolution. The parties (a) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of the State of
Texas and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Texas for the purpose of any suit, action or other
proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of
or based upon this Agreement except in the state courts of the State of Texas or the United States District Court for the District of
Texas, and (c) hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from
attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action
or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

6.15 Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER
IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER
COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL NOT BE
SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS
LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

[Signature
Page Follows]

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Securities Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

ONDAS NETWORKS INC. 

By: 

Name: Eric Brock

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address: One Marina Park Drive, Suite 1410, 

Boston, MA 02210

E-Mail: 

Signature Page to Stock Purchase
Agreement

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Securities Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

PURCHASERS:

[ ]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Signature
Page to Stock Purchase Agreement

17

SCHEDULE
A

Schedule
of Purchasers

Purchaser Subscription
Amount Purchase
Date

18

EXHIBITS

Exhibit
A - FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Exhibit
B - CONVERTIBLE NOTE WAIVER

Exhibit
C - USE OF PROCEEDS

Exhibit
D - ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

19

Exhibit
A.

FORM
OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

THIS
NOTE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
ACT), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE
ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS.

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE

US$[ ] Effective Date: [ ], 2025

Ondas
Networks Inc., a Texas corporation (Maker), for value received, promises to pay to the order of [] (Holder),
the principal amount of ([ ]) (US$[ ]) together with interest as set forth in this Convertible Promissory
Note (this Note).

1. Principal
and Interest. Interest shall accrue from the date hereof on the principal balance hereof remaining from time to time outstanding
at the rate equal to ten percent (10%) per annum, simple interest (the Note Rate), and, upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default, interest shall be payable at a rate equal to the Note Rate plus two percent (2%) per annum. Interest shall accrue on
the basis of a year consisting of three hundred sixty-five (365) days and charged for the number of days actually elapsed. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, unless earlier converted into Conversion Shares (as defined below), Maker shall pay the entire outstanding
principal balance hereunder, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on September 30, 2025 (Maturity Date).

2. Security.
This Note is a general secured obligation of Maker, which shall be secured by all of the assets of Maker, provided however this secured
obligation shall be subordinate to that certain secured note, dated September 3, 2024, by and between Maker and Charles & Potomac
Capital LLC, a Texas limited liability company. Maker hereby authorizes the filing of any financing statements or continuation statements,
and amendments to financing statements, or any similar document in any jurisdictions and with any filing offices as Holder may determine,
in its sole discretion, are necessary or advisable to perfect the security interest granted to Holder herein.

3. No
Optional Prepayment. Maker may not prepay any portion of the principal or interest of this Note without the written consent of Holder,
which may be withheld in Holders sole discretion.

4. Next
Equity Financing or Corporate Transaction Conversion. The principal balance and unpaid accrued interest on this Note will be convertible
at the option of Holder into Conversion Shares upon the closing of the Next Equity Financing or a Corporate Transaction. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Maker may, at its option, pay any unpaid accrued interest on this Note in cash at the time of conversion. The number of
Conversion Shares Maker issues upon such conversion will equal the quotient (rounded down to the nearest whole share) obtained by dividing
(x) the outstanding principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under this Note on a date that is no more than five (5) days prior
to the closing of the Next Equity Financing by (y) the applicable Conversion Price. At least five (5) days prior to the closing of the
Next Equity Financing, Maker will notify Holder in writing of the terms of the Equity Securities that are expected to be issued in such
financing. The issuance of Conversion Shares pursuant to the conversion of this Note will be on, and subject to, the same terms and conditions
applicable to the Equity Securities issued in the Next Equity Financing.

20

5. Financing
Agreements. Holder acknowledges that the conversion of this Note into Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 4 may require Holders
execution of certain agreements relating to the purchase and sale of the Conversion Shares, as well as registration rights, rights of
first refusal and co-sale, rights of first offer and voting rights, if any, relating to such securities (collectively, the Financing
Agreements). Holder agrees to execute all of the Financing Agreements that are executed by purchasers of Equity Securities
in the Next Equity Financing.

6. Representations
and Warranties of Maker. In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note, and in addition to the representations made
by Maker in the Securities Purchase Agreement, Maker hereby represents and warrants to Holder as follows:

(a) Due
Organization; Qualification and Good Standing. Maker is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted. Maker is
duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify or to be in good
standing would have a material adverse effect on Maker.

(b) Authorization
and Enforceability. Except for the authorization and issuance of the Conversion Shares, all corporate action has been taken on the
part of Maker and its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Note. Except
as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights, Maker has taken all corporate action required to make all of the obligations of Maker reflected in the provisions of this Note
valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

7. Representations
and Warranties of Holder. In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note, Holder hereby represents and warrants to
Maker as follows:

(a) Authorization.
Holder has full power and authority (and, if an individual, the capacity) to enter into this Note and to perform all obligations required
to be performed by it hereunder. This Note, when executed and delivered by Holder, will constitute Holders valid and legally binding
obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and
(b) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

(b) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. Holder acknowledges that this Note is made with Holder in reliance upon Holders representation to Maker,
which the Holder hereby confirms by executing this Note, that this Note, the Conversion Shares, and any securities issuable upon conversion
of the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Securities) will be acquired for investment for Holders own account,
not as a nominee or agent (unless otherwise specified on Holders signature page hereto), and not with a view to the resale or distribution
of any part thereof, and that Holder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the
same. By executing this Note, Holder further represents that Holder does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement
with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such Person or to any third Person, with respect to the Securities. If other
than an individual, Holder also represents it has not been organized solely for the purpose of acquiring the Securities.

21

(c) Disclosure
of Information; Non-Reliance. Holder acknowledges that it has received all the information it considers necessary or appropriate
to enable it to make an informed decision concerning an investment in the Securities. Holder further represents that it has had an opportunity
to ask questions and receive answers from Maker regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities. Holder confirms
that Maker has not given any guarantee or representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory,
tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of an investment in the Securities. In deciding to purchase the Securities, Holder is not relying
on the advice or recommendations of Maker and has made its own independent decision that the investment in the Securities is suitable
and appropriate for Holder. Holder understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in
the Securities or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of this investment.

(d) Investment
Experience. Holder is an investor in securities of companies in the development stage and acknowledges that it is able to fend for
itself, can bear the economic risk of its investment and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it is
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Securities.

(e) Accredited
Investor. Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act. Holder agrees to furnish any additional information requested by Maker or any of its affiliates to assure compliance with applicable
U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities.

(f) Restricted
Securities. Holder understands that the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or state securities
laws, by reason of specific exemptions from the registration provisions thereof which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide
nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of Holders representations as expressed herein. Holder understands that the Securities
are restricted securities under U.S. federal and applicable state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, Holder
must hold the Securities indefinitely unless they are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
and registered or qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available.
Holder acknowledges that Maker has no obligation to register or qualify the Securities for resale and further acknowledges that, if an
exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to,
the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Securities, and on requirements relating to Maker which are outside of Holders
control, and which Maker is under no obligation, and may not be able, to satisfy.

(g) No
Public Market. Holder understands that no public market now exists for the Securities and that Maker has made no assurances that
a public market will ever exist for the Securities.

(h) No
General Solicitation. Holder, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders or partners have not either directly or
indirectly, including through a broker or finder, solicited offers for or offered or sold the Securities by means of any form of general
solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation D under the Securities Act or in any manner involving
a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Holder acknowledges that neither Maker nor any other Person
offered to sell the Securities to it by means of any form of general solicitation or advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

22

(i) Residence.
If Holder is an individual, then Holder resides in the state or province identified in the address shown on Holders signature page hereto.
If Holder is a partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, then Holders principal place of business is located
in the state or province identified in the address shown on Holders signature page hereto.

(j) Foreign
Investors. If Holder is not a United States Person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended), Holder hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection
with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities, including (a) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase
of the Securities; (b) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (c) any governmental or other consents
that may need to be obtained; and (d) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding,
conversion, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Securities. Holders subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership
of the Securities will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Holders jurisdiction. Holder acknowledges that Maker has
taken no action in foreign jurisdictions with respect to the Securities.

(k) No
Bad Actor Disqualification. Holder represents and warrants that neither (A) Holder nor (B) any entity that controls
Holder or is under the control of, or under common control with, Holder, is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifications
described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) through (viii), as modified by Rules 506(d)(2) and (d)(3), under the Securities Act (Disqualification
Events), except for Disqualification Events covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act and
disclosed in writing in reasonable detail to Maker. Holder represents that Holder has exercised reasonable care to determine the accuracy
of the representation made by Holder in this paragraph and agrees to notify Maker if Holder becomes aware of any fact that makes the
representation given by Holder hereunder inaccurate.

8. Affirmative
Covenants. Maker covenants that, so long as any amounts are due and payable hereunder to Holder, Maker shall:

(a) Maintain
its corporate existence and its good standing in its jurisdiction of organization; and

(b) Keep
its business insured for risks and in the manner so insured prior to the date of this Note.

9. Negative
Covenants. Maker covenants that, so long as any amounts are due and payable hereunder to Holder, without the prior approval of Holder,
Maker shall not:

(a) Create,
incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness except Permitted Indebtedness;

(b) Create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien of any kind upon any of Makers property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except
Permitted Liens;

(c) Sell
or dispose of all or substantially all of Makers assets or property;

23

(d) Issue
or sell Equity Securities in Maker;

(e) Make
any distribution or dividend to its shareholders;

(f) Enter
into any contracts with Affiliates of Maker (other than (i) contracts between Maker and its directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries
and (ii) contracts related to the allocation of shared goods, services and overhead by and among Maker and its Affiliates); and

(g) Pay
bonuses or increase compensation for the executives officers of Maker.

10. Default.

(a) Events
of Default. An Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred if:

(i) Maker
shall fail to make any payment or principal or interest due to Holder under this Note when the same shall become due and payable, and
fails to remedy such violation within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice from Holder that such a violation has occurred.

(ii) Maker
violates any of the covenants contained in Section 8 or Section 9 of this Note, and fails to remedy such violation within ten (10) days
after receipt of written notice from Holder that such a violation has occurred.

(iii) Maker
files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium law or any other law for the relief
of, or relating to, debtors, now or hereafter in effect, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or takes any corporate
action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or

(iv) An
involuntary petition is filed against Maker (unless such petition is dismissed or discharged within 60 days under any bankruptcy statute
now or hereafter in effect, or a custodian, receiver, trustee or assignee for the benefit of creditors (or other similar official) is
appointed to take possession, custody or control of any property of Maker).

(b) Consequences
of Events of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the entire unpaid principal sum hereunder,
plus any and all interest accrued thereon, plus all other sums due and payable to Holder hereunder shall, at the option of Holder, become
immediately due and payable.

(c) Set
Off Right. Holder may set off and apply to the obligations hereunder any and all indebtedness at any time owing to or for the credit
or the account of Maker or any other assets of Maker in Holders possession or control.

11. GOVERNING
LAW. THIS NOTE AND ALL THE TERMS HEREIN SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS IN
ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.

12. Release.
Upon conversion of this Note in full and the payment of the amounts specified herein, Maker shall be forever released from all its obligations
and liabilities under this Note and this Note shall be deemed of no further force or effect, whether or not the original of this Note
has been delivered to Maker for cancellation.

24

13. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Note is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect or to any extent, such provision
shall nevertheless remain valid, legal and enforceable in all such other respects and to such extent as may be permissible. Any such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Note, but this Note shall be construed as if
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

14. Usury
Laws. It is the intention of Maker and Holder to conform strictly to all applicable usury laws now or hereafter in force, and any
interest payable under or in respect of this Note shall be subject to reduction to the amount not in excess of the maximum legal amount
allowed under the applicable usury laws as now or hereafter construed by the courts having jurisdiction over such matters. The aggregate
of all interest (whether designated as interest, service charges, points, or otherwise) contracted for, chargeable, or receivable under
or in respect of this Note shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum legal rate upon the unpaid principal balance of this Note
remaining unpaid. If such interest does exceed the maximum legal rate, it shall be deemed a mistake and such excess shall be canceled
automatically and, if theretofore paid, rebated to Maker or credited on the principal amount of this Note, or if this Note has been repaid,
then such excess shall be rebated to Maker.

15. Successors
and Assigns. This Note shall not be assigned by any party, and no partys obligations hereunder, or any of them, shall be delegated,
without the consent of the other party.

16. Entire
Agreement. This Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement constitute and contain the entire understanding and agreement between
Maker and Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence,
understandings and communications between the parties, whether written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. Maker acknowledges
that it is not relying on any representation or agreement made by Holder or any employee, attorney or agent thereof, other than the specific
agreements set forth in this Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

17. Construction.
This Note is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of Maker and Holder as of the date hereof and their respective
counsel; accordingly, this Note shall be deemed to be the product of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor
of or against Maker or Holder. Maker and Holder agree that they intend the literal words of this Note and that no parol evidence shall
be necessary or appropriate to establish Makers or Holders actual intentions.

18. Amendments
and Waivers. Any and all amendments, modifications, discharges or waivers of, or consents to any departures from any provision of
this Note or of any of the related loan documents shall not be effective without the written consent of Holder and Maker. Any waiver
or consent with respect to any provision of such loan documents shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on Maker in any case shall entitle Maker to any other or further notice or demand
in similar or other circumstances. Any amendment, modification, waiver or consent affected in accordance with this Section shall be binding
upon Holder and on Maker.

19. Reliance
by Holder. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein by Maker shall be deemed to be material to and to
have been relied upon by Holder, notwithstanding any investigation by Holder.

20. Further
Assurances. From time to time, the parties will execute and deliver such additional documents and will provide such additional information
as may reasonably be required to carry out the full intent and purpose of this Note and any agreements executed in connection herewith,
and to comply with state or federal securities laws or other regulatory approvals.

25

21. Survival.
All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Note shall continue in full force and effect so long as any obligations hereunder
or commitment to fund remain outstanding.

22. Business
Days. If any payment is due, or any time period for giving notice or taking action expires, on a day which is a Saturday, Sunday,
or legal holiday in the State of Texas, the payment shall be due and payable on, and the time period shall automatically be extended
to, the next day immediately following such Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday in the State of Texas that is not itself a Saturday, Sunday,
or legal holiday in the State of Texas, and interest shall continue to accrue at the required rate hereunder until any such payment is
made.

23. Remedies
Cumulative, Etc. No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to Holder hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity
is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and each and every such right or remedy shall be cumulative and concurrent,
and in addition to every other such right or remedy, and may be pursued singly, concurrently, successively or otherwise, at the sole
discretion of Holder, and shall not be exhausted by any one exercise thereof but may be exercised as often as occasion therefor shall
occur.

24. Submission
to Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal
or state court located in state courts of the State of Texas and to the jurisdiction of the United States of America for the Northern
District of Texas over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Note or any of the transactions contemplated hereby and each party
hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such dispute or any suit, action or proceeding related thereto may be heard and
determined in such courts. The parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which
they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such dispute brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum
for the maintenance of such dispute. Each of the parties agrees that a judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

25. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF MAKER AND HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE.

26. Definitions.
The terms set forth below shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate
of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

(b) Common
Stock means Makers common stock, par value US$0.00001.

(c) Conversion
Shares (for purposes of determining the type of Equity Securities issuable upon conversion of this Note) means with respect
to a conversion pursuant to Section 4, shares of the Equity Securities issued in the Next Equity Financing.

(d) Conversion
Price means with respect to a conversion pursuant to Section 4 pursuant to:

26

(i) A
Corporate Transaction (with conversion occurring immediately prior to such sale), the lesser of: (A) the Valuation Cap divided by then-current
outstanding shares of securities of the Company or (B) the price per share associated with the enterprise value attributed to the Company
in the sale; or

(ii) The
Next Equity Financing, the lessor of : (A) the price per share sold in the Next Equity Financing or (B) the Valuation Cap divided by
the then-current Fully Diluted Capitalization.

(e) Corporate
Transaction means:

(i) the
closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets or the exclusive license of all or substantially all of the Companys material intellectual property;

(ii) the
consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity (except a merger or consolidation in which the holders
of capital stock of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold a majority of the outstanding voting
securities of the capital stock of the Company or the surviving or acquiring entity immediately following the consummation of such transaction);
or

(iii) the
closing of the transfer (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in a single transaction or series of related transactions, to
a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act), of the Companys
capital stock if, after such closing, such person or group would become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or
the surviving or acquiring entity).

For
the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Corporate Transaction if its sole purpose is to change the
state of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by
the persons who held the Companys securities immediately prior to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sale of
Equity Securities in a bona fide financing transaction will not be deemed a Corporate Transaction.

(f) Equity
Securities means (i) Common Stock or Preferred Stock; (ii) any securities conferring the right to purchase Common Stock or
Preferred Stock; or (iii) any securities directly or indirectly convertible into, or exchangeable for (with or without additional consideration)
Common Stock or Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following will not be considered Equity Securities:
(A) any security granted, issued or sold by Maker to any director, officer, employee, consultant or adviser of Maker for the primary
purpose of soliciting or retaining their services; (B) any convertible promissory notes (including this Note) issued by Maker; and (C)
any SAFEs that have been issued by Maker.

(g) Fully
Diluted Capitalization means the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Companys capital stock, assuming the conversion
or exercise of all of the Companys outstanding convertible or exercisable securities, including shares of convertible into Common Stock
or Preferred Stock and all outstanding vested or unvested options or warrants to purchase the Companys capital stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Fully Diluted Capitalization excludes: (i) any convertible promissory notes (including this Note) issued
by the Company; (ii) any SAFEs issued by the Company; and (iii) any Equity Securities that are issuable upon conversion of any outstanding
convertible promissory notes or SAFEs.

27

(h) Indebtedness
means, with respect to Maker, the aggregate amount of, without duplication, (i) all obligations of Maker for borrowed money, (ii) all
obligations of Maker evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations or liabilities of others
secured by a Lien on any asset of Maker, whether or not such obligation or liability is assumed, and (iv) all obligations or liabilities
of others guaranteed by Maker.

(i) Lien
means any voluntary or involuntary security interest, pledge, bailment, lease, mortgage, hypothecation, conditional sales and title retention
agreement, encumbrance or other lien with respect to any property of the Maker in favor of any Person.

(j) Next
Equity Financing means the next sale (or series of related sales) by Maker of its Equity Securities following the date of
issuance of this Note with the principal purpose of raising capital.

(k) Permitted
Indebtedness means and includes: (i) Indebtedness of Maker to Holder or the investors listed on Schedule A to the Securities
Purchase Agreement; (ii) Indebtedness arising from the endorsement of instruments in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) Indebtedness
of Maker in an aggregate original principal amount not to exceed $250,000 (unless approved by the holders of a majority of the Makers
outstanding Indebtedness owned pursuant to the convertible promissory notes), including convertible Indebtedness convertible into equity
of Maker, which is convertible into no more than 49% of the fully diluted membership interest of Maker, the terms of which shall not
prohibit any payment required under this Agreement (Convertible Indebtedness).

(l) Permitted
Liens means: (i) Liens for fees, taxes, levies, imposts, duties or other governmental charges of any kind which are not yet
delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which suspend the collection thereof, (ii) carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course
of business and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings, (iii) Liens upon any equipment or other personal property acquired by Maker (A) the purchase price of such equipment or
other personal property, or (B) lease obligations or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such
equipment or other personal property; provided that such Liens are confined solely to the equipment or other personal property so acquired
and the proceeds thereof and the amount secured does not exceed the acquisition price thereof, (iv) licenses of intellectual property
entered into in the ordinary course of business (whether as licensor or licensee), (v) bankers liens, rights of setoff and similar
Liens incurred on deposits made in the ordinary course of business and Liens in favor of financial institutions arising in connection
with Makers deposit accounts or securities accounts held at such institutions to secure customary fees and charges, (vi) any judgment,
attachment or similar Lien; and (vii) Liens incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described
above but any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal
amount of the indebtedness may not increase.

(m) Person
means and includes any individual, any partnership, any corporation, any business trust, any joint stock company, any limited liability
company, any unincorporated association or any other entity and any domestic or foreign national, state or local government, any political
subdivision thereof, and any department, agency, authority or bureau of any of the foregoing.

28

(n) Preferred
Stock means Makers preferred stock, par value US$0.00001.

(o) SAFE
means any simple agreement for future equity (or other similar agreement) that is issued by Maker for bona fide financing purposes and
that may convert into Makers capital stock in accordance with its terms.

(p) Securities
Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2025 among Maker, Holder
and the other parties thereto.

(q) Valuation
Cap means US$20,000,000.

*
* *

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Ondas Networks Inc.

By: 

Name: Eric Brock

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[ ]

30

EXHIBIT
B

CONVERTIBLE
NOTE WAIVER

WAIVER AGREEMENT

This
Waiver Agreement(this Waiver Agreement), dated as of November 12, 2024, is entered into by and among
Ondas Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), the investor signatory below (the Holder),
and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, in its capacity as trustee under the Indenture defined below (in such capacity, the Trustee).
Unless otherwise specified herein, capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms
in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

A. The
Company and the Holder are parties to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022 (as amended, modified
or waived, from time to time, the Securities Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Holder purchased from
the Company that certain (i) 3% Series A-1 Senior Convertible Note Due 2025, in the aggregate original principal amount of $34.5
million (the Original Note), which was subsequently exchanged into that certain 3% Series B-1 Senior Convertible
Note Due 2024 (as amended, modified or waived, from time to time, the Exchange Note), and (ii) 3% Series B-2
Senior Convertible Note, due 2025, in the aggregate original principal amount of $11.5 million (the 2023 Additional Note,
and together with the Exchange Note (the Existing Notes), and any other Additional Notes issued under the Securities
Purchase Agreement, the Notes).

B. The
Exchange Note and 2023 Additional Note were issued pursuant to the first supplemental indenture (the First Supplemental
Indenture), dated as of January 20, 2023, and the second supplemental indenture (the Second Supplemental Indenture),
dated July 25, 2023, respectively, between the Company and the Trustee. The First Supplemental Indenture and the Second Supplemental
Indenture supplements the indenture entered into by and between the Company and the Trustee, dated as of January 20, 2023 (such indenture,
as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture).

C. The
Company (i) intends to have its subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc. (Networks), consummate a private placement of
secured convertible promissory notes (Networks Notes), with an aggregate principal amount up to Five Million
Dollars ($5,000,000), in accordance with those certain documents attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Networks
Offering); provided, however, the Networks Offering shall be funded by January 15, 2025; (ii) desires that the Holder
waives Section 4(q) of the Securities Purchase Agreement and that the Holder and Trustee waive Sections 13(b), 13(c), 13(d), 13(f),
13(g) and 13(m) of the Notes, solely with respect to the Networks Offering and not with respect to any other Subsequent Placement
(the Networks Waiver); and (iii) desires that the Holder and Trustee waive any right to adjust the Conversion
Price of the Notes pursuant to Section 7 of the Notes and any Additional Notes that may be issued from time as a result of the consummation
of all or any portion of the New Issuance (the Reset Waiver).

TERMS
OF THE WAIVER

1. Waivers.
As of the Effective Time, the Holder and Trustee hereby grant the Company the Networks Waiver and the Reset Waiver; provided, however,
the Networks Offering shall be funded by January 15, 2025. By its signature below, the Holder, as the sole holder of the Existing
Notes, hereby instructs and directs the Trustee to execute and deliver this Waiver for purposes of granting the Networks Waiver and
the Reset Waiver on the terms hereof.

2. Effective
Time. This Waiver Agreement shall be effective (the Effective Time) upon the time of due execution and
delivery by the Company, the Holder and the Trustee of this Waiver Agreement.

3. Ratification.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Transaction Documents, the Indenture and the Existing Notes, are, and shall continue
to be, in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

4. Miscellaneous.
Section 9 of the Securities Purchase Agreement (as amended hereby) is hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis.

31

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Holder, the Company, and the Trustee have caused their respective signature page to this Waiver Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY 

ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: Eric Brock 

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

INVESTOR 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEE 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

32

Exhibit
C

USE
OF PROCEEDS

Proceeds
from the sale of the Notes will be used by the Company for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including fees related
to the sale of the Notes. No portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be distributed to Ondas Holdings Inc. or any affiliates
thereof.

33

Exhibit
D

ACCREDITED
INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

ONDAS
NETWORKS INC.

Each
person or entity subscribing for shares of Common Stock (the Shares) of Ondas Networks Inc. (the Company)
must qualify as an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In order to confirm that the person or entity qualifies as an accredited
investor, each individual investor, or each investing entitys authorized officer or other representative, must check one or more of
the boxes below that applies to that person or entity and initial next to such checked box or boxes. Please also provide the information
requested below relating to your investment, business, and educational experience.

Initial
____ The person is a natural person who (either individually or jointly with spouse) has a net worth in excess of $1,000,0001;

Initial
____ The person is a natural person who had an individual income (not joint with spouse) in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most
recent years, or who had a joint income (with spouse) in excess of $300,000 in each of those years, and in either case who has a reasonable
expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;

Initial
____ The person or entity is a director, executive officer, or general partner of the Company, or any director, executive officer, or
general partner of a general partner of the Company;

Initial
____ The entity is a trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Shares, whose
purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D (i.e., a person who has such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he or she is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Shares);

Initial
____ The entity is a corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, partnership, or an organization described in Section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (tax exempt organization), not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Shares,
having total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

Initial
____ The entity is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and either
(i) the investment decision is made by a Plan Fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA, which is either a bank,
savings and loan association, insurance company or registered investment adviser, or (ii) the employee benefit plan has total assets
in excess of $5,000,000;

Initial
____ The entity is a self-directed employee benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA (e.g., an IRA), with investment decisions
made solely by persons who are accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D;

Initial ____ The entity is a plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality
of a state or its political subdivisions for the benefit of its employees, which plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

1 For
purposes of calculating net worth: (i) the persons primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (ii) indebtedness that is secured
by the persons primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities,
shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds
the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such
excess shall be included as a liability); and (iii) indebtedness that is secured by the persons primary residence in excess of the estimated
fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability.

34

Initial
____ The entity is one in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors;

Initial
____ The entity is a bank, savings and loan association or other similar institution (as defined in Sections 3(a)(2) and 3(a)(5)(A) of
the Securities Act) whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity;

Initial
____ The entity is an insurance company (as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act);

Initial
____ The entity is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company (as defined
in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act of 1940);

Initial
____ The entity is a private business development company (as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940);

Initial
____ The person is a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or

Initial
____ The entity is a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d)
of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.

By
checking the applicable box or boxes above and initialing next to such checked box or boxes, the undersigned investor is certifying to
the Company that the undersigned is an accredited investor for the reason stated above.

[Signatures
appear on the next page]

35

By
signing below, the undersigned confirms that the undersigned understands this document and that all of the above information about the
undersigned is true, correct and complete.

(Print Name)

(Signature)

Taxpayer Identification Number/Social Security Number:

Permanent Home/Business Address:

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>onds-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>onds-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>onds-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39761

Entity Registrant Name Ondas Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001646188

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2615102

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One One Marina Park Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1410

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02210

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 350-9994

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol ONDS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ondas.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0227849-8k_ondas.htm 
onds-20250115.xsd 
onds-20250115_lab.xml 
onds-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-004275-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0227849-8k_ondas_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001646188 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001646188 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
Ondas Holdings Inc. 
NV 
001-39761 
47-2615102 
One Marina Park Drive 
Suite 1410 
Boston 
MA 
02210 
888 
350-9994 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock par value $0.0001 
ONDS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>