<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-033444.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-033444.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224162404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-033444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTONATION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000350698
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				731105145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13107
		FILM NUMBER:		25657386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SW 1ST AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9547696000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SW 1ST AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTONATION, INC. /FL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AutoNation, Inc. /FL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTONATION INC /FL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990407
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d905261d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000035069800003506982025-02-192025-02-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date Of Report (Date Of Earliest Event Reported) February 19, 2025

AutoNation, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-13107 73-1105145

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

200 SW 1st Ave

Fort Lauderdale, Florida33301

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (954)769-6000

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share AN New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter)

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 24, 2025, AutoNation, Inc. (the Company) closed its sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes), pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), entered into on February 19, 2025, by and between the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule A thereto. The Notes were issued at 99.995% of the aggregate principal amount, representing a yield to maturity of 5.890%. The Notes were sold pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284995), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Affiliates of certain of the underwriters act as agents and/or lenders under the revolving credit facility under the Companys credit agreement. In addition, certain affiliates of the underwriters act as agents or lenders for certain of the Companys vehicle floorplan facilities. Affiliates of certain of the underwriters are dealers under the Companys commercial paper program. Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 

The Notes were issued under a senior indenture, dated as of April 14, 2010 (the Base Indenture), by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented and amended by a supplemental indenture, dated February 24, 2025, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). 

The Notes will mature on March 15, 2035 and bear interest at a rate equal to 5.890% per year. The interest on the Notes is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The Notes are not guaranteed by any subsidiaries of the Company and will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries. The Indenture contains certain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company to create or assume certain liens, engage in sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets. 

The Underwriting Agreement, the Base Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the Form of Global Note are filed as exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3, respectively, hereto, and each is incorporated herein by reference. The descriptions of the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement, Indenture and the Notes are summary in nature and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of such agreements. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information provided in Item 1.01 with respect to the Companys issuance of the Notes is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 19, 2025, by and between the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA, LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule A thereto. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2010, by and between AutoNation, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2010).

4.2 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025. by and between AutoNation, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 

4.3 Form of Global Note (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

5.1 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

The exhibits included with this Form 8-K contain various representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company and the other parties thereto. They are not intended to provide any factual information about any of the parties thereto. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties, and covenants were made for purposes of such agreements, solely for the benefit of the parties thereto. In addition, certain representations and warranties were made as of a specific date, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what a security holder might view as material, or may have been made for purposes of allocating contractual risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Investors should not view the representations, warranties, and covenants in the agreements (or any description thereof) as disclosures with respect to the actual state of facts concerning the business, operations, or condition of any of the parties to the agreements and should not rely on them as such. In addition, information in any such representations, warranties, or covenants may change after the dates covered by such provisions, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the public disclosures of the parties. In any event, investors should read the agreements together with the other information concerning the Company contained in reports and statements that it files with the SEC. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

AUTONATION, INC.

Date: February 24, 2025 By: 

/s/ C. Coleman Edmunds

Name: C. Coleman Edmunds

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d905261dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version 

AutoNation, Inc. 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

dated February 19, 2025 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

Underwriting Agreement 

February 19, 2025 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC 

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

c/o BofA
Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New York 10036

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

3333 Peachtree Road NE 

Atlanta, Georgia 30326 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory.
AutoNation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you (the
Representatives) are acting as representatives, $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes or the Securities). The Securities will be issued
pursuant to an indenture dated as of April 14, 2010 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.), as trustee (the Trustee).
Certain terms of the Securities will be established pursuant to a supplemental indenture dated as of the Closing Date (the Supplemental Indenture) to the Base Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the
Indenture). To the extent there are no additional underwriters listed on Schedule A hereto other than you, the term Representatives as used herein shall mean you as the Underwriters, and the terms
Representatives and Underwriters shall mean either the singular or plural as the context requires. The use of the neuter in this Underwriting Agreement (the Agreement) shall include the feminine and masculine wherever appropriate.
This Agreement, the Notes and the Indenture are collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. 

- 1 - 

1. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees
with, each of the Underwriters as of the date hereof that: 

(a) The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284995), which contains a base prospectus (the Base
Prospectus), to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of the Securities. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, at each time of effectiveness under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), including any required information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to
Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), is called the Registration
Statement. Any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), together with the Base Prospectus, is hereafter called a Preliminary Prospectus. The
term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Securities that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto,
including the Base Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act; any reference to any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed after the date of such
Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, as the case may be, under the Exchange Act, and incorporated by reference in such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference to any amendment to the Registration Statement shall
be deemed to refer to and include any annual report of the Company filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the effective date of the Registration Statement that is incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective upon filing with the Commission under the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in
effect, the Commission has not issued any order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus and no proceedings for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the
Securities Act have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. 

- 2 - 

Each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus when filed complied in all material
respects with the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at each time of effectiveness, at the date hereof and at the Closing Date, complied and will comply in all material respects with the
Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus as
of the time of filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date, at the time of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and, at the Closing Date, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding
sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Representatives consists of
the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package (as defined herein) and the Prospectus, when they were filed with the Commission conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act. Any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents are filed with the Commission will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act. All
documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as of their respective dates, when taken together with the other information in the Disclosure Package, at the
Applicable Time and, when taken together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At
the time of filing the Registration Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment,
incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the
Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) at the Applicable Time (as defined herein) (with such date and time being used as the determination
date for purposes of this clause (iv)), the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf
registration statement, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the Closing Date; the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to
Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form; and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. 

- 3 - 

(d) Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean
(i) the Base Prospectus, including any Preliminary Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus),
if any, identified in Schedule B hereto, (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package and (iv) the Final Term Sheet (as defined
herein), which also shall be identified in Schedule B hereto. As of 3:25 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement (the Applicable Time), the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions
from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information
furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

(e) Company
Not Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement relating to the Securities that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)
of the Securities Act and (ii) as of the Applicable Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. 

(f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the
completion of the offering of Securities under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that
conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event
or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will
promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. Any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus not
identified on Schedule B hereto, when taken together with the Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing three sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with
written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information
described as such in Section 8(b) hereof. 

- 4 - 

(g) Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed
nor will distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives. 

(h) Registration
Rights. There are no holders of securities (debt or equity) of the Company, or holders of rights (including, without limitation, preemptive rights), warrants or options to obtain securities of the Company, who in connection with the issuance,
sale and delivery of the Notes, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, have the right to request the Company to register securities held by them under the Securities Act. 

(i) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), except as otherwise stated therein, (A) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings or business affairs of the Company
and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise or any development or event involving a prospective change with respect to the foregoing (a Material Adverse Effect), whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business,
(B) there have been no transactions entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those in the ordinary course of business, which are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise,
and (C) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock. 

(j) Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k) Good Standing of Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Company is a corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the
case may be, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has corporate, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be, power and authority to own, lease and operate its
assets and properties and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be, to transact business and is in
good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, all of the issued and outstanding capital stock or interests, as the case may be, of each subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is
fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity; none of the
outstanding shares of capital stock or interests, as the case may be, of the subsidiaries was issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any securityholder of such subsidiary. The Company does not own a majority equity interest in or
control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024. 

- 5 - 

(l) Capitalization. The shares of issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; and none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company was issued in violation of the preemptive or other similar
rights of any securityholder of the Company. 

(m) Authorization of the Notes. The Notes have been duly authorized by the Company
and the Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, issue and deliver the Notes and to incur and perform its obligations provided for therein. At the Closing Date, the Notes will have been duly executed by the Company and,
when authenticated, issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor as provided in this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and will be in
the form contemplated by, and entitled to the benefits of, the Indenture. 

(n) Authorization of the Indenture. The Base Indenture
and the Supplemental Indenture have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and, when the Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered by the Company and the Trustee, each of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture
will constitute valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating
to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act). 

(o) Description of the Notes and the Indenture. The Notes and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the respective
statements relating thereto contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Description of the Notes. 

(p) Regulations T, U and X. None of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the use of the
proceeds from the sale of the Securities) will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange Act, or any regulation promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulations T, U, and X of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System. 

- 6 - 

(q) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is (A) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents, except for such violations with respect to the Companys subsidiaries that would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (B) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement
or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (collectively, Agreements and
Instruments), except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (C) in violation of any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government
instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the subsidiaries or any of their assets or properties, except for such violations that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. The execution,
delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be (including the issuance and sale of the Notes and the use of the proceeds from the sale of
the Securities as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company with its obligations hereunder has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and does
not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or a Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or, except as referred to in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, the Agreements and Instruments except for such conflicts, breaches or defaults or
liens, charges or encumbrances that, singly or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws or
similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, in any material respect, any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, government instrumentality or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their assets, properties or operations. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event or condition which gives the holder of any note,
debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(r) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification
or decree of, any court or governmental authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, in connection with the offering, the issuance or sale of the Notes hereunder or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by, or for the due execution, delivery or performance of, the Transaction Documents or any other agreement or instrument entered into or issued or to be entered into or issued by the Company in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds), except (i) such as have already been obtained or made, (ii) such as may be required pursuant to Rule 424 and Rule 433 under the Securities Act, under state
securities laws or the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or (iii) where the failure to make or obtain any such filing, authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration,
qualification or decree would not materially adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

- 7 - 

(s) Absence of Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, now pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the
Company or any of its subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. The aggregate of all pending legal or governmental proceedings to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their respective property or assets is the subject which are not described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t) Reporting Company. The Company is subject to and in compliance
in all material respects with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(u) Independent
Accountants. KPMG LLP, which expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements (including the related notes thereto) and supporting schedules filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are independent public accountants with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, within
the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and as required by the Securities Act. 

(v) Financial Statements. The financial statements, together with the related schedules and notes, filed with the Commission as a part
of or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries at the dates
indicated and the results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements comply as to form with the applicable accounting requirements of
Regulation S-X and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The supporting
schedules, if any, included in or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial
data and the summary historical financial information included or incorporated by reference in each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that
of the audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

- 8 - 

(w) Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Company. 

(x) Possession of Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on reasonable
terms, adequate patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or
procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to carry on the business now operated by them, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has received any notice or is otherwise aware of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property or of any facts or circumstances which would render any Intellectual Property invalid or
inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of its subsidiaries therein, and which infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, singly or in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(y) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its
subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to
conduct the business now operated by them and the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, in each case, except where the failure so to possess or comply would not, singly or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and
effect would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(z) Title to Property. The Company and its
subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the Company and its subsidiaries and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests,
claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except such as are (a) described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (b) not, singly or in the aggregate, material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered
as one enterprise. 

- 9 - 

(aa) Tax Returns. All United States federal income tax returns of the Company and its
subsidiaries required by law to be filed (taking into account, for the avoidance of doubt, all valid extensions) have been filed and all taxes shown by such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any subsidiary, which are
due and payable, have been paid, except assessments against which appeals have been or will be promptly taken and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all other tax returns that are required
to have been filed (taking into account, for the avoidance of doubt, all valid extensions) by them pursuant to applicable foreign, federal, state, local or other law, except insofar as the failure to file such returns would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good
faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign tax liabilities of the Company and each subsidiary for any years not
finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or re-assessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(bb) Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as
herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

(cc) Insurance. The
Company and its subsidiaries carry or are entitled to the benefits of insurance, with financially sound and reputable insurers, or are self-insured with adequate reserves, in such amounts, with such limits, subject to such deductions and covering
such risks as is generally maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar business, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any subsidiary will not be able
(i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that
would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(dd) No Restrictions on Dividends. No subsidiary of the Company is currently
prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such subsidiarys shares of capital stock or other ownership interests, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to
such subsidiary from the Company, except as described in or contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(ee)
Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in, or that has constituted or which might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company in order to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. 

(ff) Related Party Transactions.
To the Companys knowledge based on responses received from its directors and officers pursuant to director and officer questionnaires, no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliates of the
Company, on the one hand, and any director, officer, stockholder, customer or supplier of any of them, on the other hand, which is required by the Securities Act or by the rules and regulations enacted thereunder to be described in the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus which is not so described or is not described as required (including by means of incorporation by reference). 

- 10 - 

(gg) Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective
system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their
disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. 

(hh)
Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (3) access or disposal of assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences except, in each case, which inadequacy, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and
(5) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material
respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(ii) No Material Weakness
in Internal Controls. Since the end of the Companys most recent fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change
in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

- 11 - 

(jj) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such
persons of the FCPA (as defined below) including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any
money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for
foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA, and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and
procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(kk) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable
jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action,
suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened. 

(ll) No Conflict with Sanctions Laws. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the
U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other
relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, the
Crimea, Donetsk Peoples Republic, and Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria); and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person, (i) to fund any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of
Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(mm) Suppliers. No supplier of merchandise to the Company or any of the subsidiaries has ceased shipments of merchandise to the Company
or any of the subsidiaries (other than in the normal and ordinary course of business consistent with past practices), which cessation would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

- 12 - 

(nn) Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus and except for such matters as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or
foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to pollution or
protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or
threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, licenses, authorizations and approvals required for their
respective businesses under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits,
demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (D) there are no events, facts or circumstances
that might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the
Company or any of the subsidiaries relating to any Hazardous Materials or Environmental Laws. 

(oo) Absence of Labor Dispute. No
labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(pp) Cybersecurity. Except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) there has been no
security breach, violation, or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other outage or compromise of or relating to the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, data and databases (including the data and information maintained, processed or stored by the Company and its subsidiaries, and any data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries),
equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data); (B) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have been notified of, and each of them have no knowledge of any event or condition that could result in any security
breach, violation, or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other outage or compromise to their IT Systems and Data; (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological
safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable legal or regulatory standards; and
(D) the IT Systems and Data are adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as now operated by them, to the knowledge of the Company, free and clear of
all bugs, errors and defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants (other than those being addressed by the Company or its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business). The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in
material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and
security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. 

- 13 - 

(qq) Brokers. Other than the underwriting discount pursuant to Section 2 of this
Agreement, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(rr) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. The Company and its directors and officers, in their capacities as such, are in compliance in all
material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to
loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

(ss) Statistical and Market Related Data. Nothing has come to the
attention of the Company that has caused the Company to believe that the statistical and market related data included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and accurate in all
material respects. 

(tt) Franchise Agreements. Each franchise agreement, in each case between a subsidiary of the Company and the
applicable manufacturer, has been duly authorized by the Company and such subsidiaries, and, as of the Closing Date, the Company shall have obtained all consents, authorizations and approvals from the manufacturers required to consummate the
Offering, except where the failure to obtain any such consents, authorizations and approvals would not reasonably be expected (x) to have a Material Adverse Effect and (y) to materially and adversely affect the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

(uu)
Officers Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the
matters covered thereby. 

2. Purchase and Sale. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters the Notes upon the
terms herein set forth and, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the
respective aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite their names on Schedule A. The purchase price per Note to be paid by the several Underwriters to the Company shall be equal to 99.345% of the principal amount thereof plus
accrued interest, if any, from February 24, 2025 to the Closing Date. 

3. Delivery and Payment; Representations and Warranties and
Covenants of the Underwriters. 

(a) Delivery of certificates for the Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor
shall be made at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017(or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 9:00 a.m., New York time, on
February 24, 2025, or such other time and date not later than 1:30 p.m., New York time, on February 24, 2025, as the Representatives shall designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such closing are called the
Closing Date). Delivery of the Securities shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. 

- 14 - 

(b) Public Offering of the Notes. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that
the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after this Agreement has been executed as the Representatives, in their sole judgment,
have determined is advisable and practicable. 

(c) Payment for the Notes. Payment for the Notes shall be made on the Closing
Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. 

It is understood that the Representatives have been
authorized, for their own account and the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes. 

(d) Delivery of the Notes. Delivery of the Notes shall be made through the facilities of DTC unless the Representatives shall
otherwise instruct. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. 

(e) Delivery of Prospectus to the Underwriters. Not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second business day following the
date the Notes are first released by the Underwriters for sale to the public, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered, copies of the Prospectus in such quantities and at such places as the Representatives shall reasonably request. 

4. Covenants. The Company covenants and agrees with each of the Underwriters as follows: 

(a) Representatives Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. During the period beginning at the Applicable
Time and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date, as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by an Underwriter or dealer, including in
circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 (the Prospectus Delivery Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company
shall furnish to the Representatives for review a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably object. 

- 15 - 

(b) Securities Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement and during the
Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall promptly advise the Representatives in writing (i) when the Registration Statement, if not effective at the Applicable Time, shall have become effective, (ii) of the receipt of any comments of,
or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission, (iii) of the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus, (iv) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement becomes effective, and (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or of any order or notice preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
qualification of the Notes for sale in any jurisdiction or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes (including any notice or order pursuant to Section 8A or Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act). The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or notice of prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or issue any such notice at any time, the Company will use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting or reversal of such order or notice at the earliest possible moment, or, subject to Section 4(a), will file an amendment to the Registration Statement or will file a new registration
statement and use its best efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b) and 430B, as applicable,
under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) were received in a timely manner by
the Commission. 

(c) Exchange Act Compliance. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will file all documents required
to be filed with the Commission and the New York Stock Exchange pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act. 

(d) Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet in a form approved by the Representatives, and will file such term
sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the Final Term Sheet). 

(e) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior
written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that constitutes or would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that otherwise constitutes or would constitute a free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) or a portion thereof required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the
Representatives hereto shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule B hereto and any electronic road show. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representatives is
hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and
(ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending
and record keeping. The Company consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433, or (b) contains only (1) information
describing the preliminary terms of the Securities or their offering, (2) information that describes the final terms of the Securities or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in
Section 1(d) or (3) information permitted under Rule 134 under the Securities Act; provided that each Underwriter severally covenants with the Company not to take any action without the Companys consent which consent shall be
confirmed in writing that would result in the Company being required to file with the Commission under Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that otherwise would not be required
to be filed by the Company thereunder, but for the action of the Underwriter. 

- 16 - 

(f) Amendments and Supplements to the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and
Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event or development shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading,
or if it shall be necessary to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Company or the Representatives it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or to file a new registration statement containing the
Prospectus, in order to comply with law, including in connection with the delivery of the Prospectus, the Company agrees to (i) notify the Representatives of any such event or condition and (ii) promptly prepare (subject to
Section 4(a) and 4(e) hereof), file with the Commission (and use its reasonable efforts to have any amendment to the Registration Statement or any new registration statement to be declared effective) and furnish at its own expense to the
Underwriters and to dealers, amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any new registration statement, necessary in order to make the statements in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or then prevailing, as the case may be, not misleading or so that the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as amended or
supplemented, will comply with law. 

(g) Copies of Any Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus. The Company agrees to furnish
to the Representatives, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many copies of the Prospectus and any amendments and supplements thereto (including any documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein) and the
Disclosure Package as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

(h) Copies of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The
Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (excluding exhibits) and, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, as many
copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplement thereto and the Disclosure Package as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

- 17 - 

(i) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and
counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register the Securities for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial securities laws or other foreign laws of those
jurisdictions designated by the Representatives and consented to by the Company, and the Company shall comply in all material respects with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required
for the distribution of the Securities. The Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify,
(ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the
suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the
issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(j) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner described under
the caption Use of Proceeds in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(k) Agreement Not to Offer to Sell
Additional Securities. From and including the date of this Agreement through and including the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, directly or indirectly issue, offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option or right to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company, that are similar to the
Notes (other than the Notes issued under this Agreement) or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company, that are similar to the Notes; provided, however, the Company
may issue commercial paper notes pursuant to its commercial paper program and incur borrowings under its revolving credit facility and floorplan facilities. 

(l) DTC. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the approval of DTC to permit the Notes to be eligible for
book-entry transfer and settlement through the facilities of DTC, and agrees to comply with all of its agreements set forth in the representation letters of the Company to DTC relating to the approval of the Notes by DTC for
book-entry transfer. 

(m) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its securityholders and to
the Representatives (which may be satisfied by filing with the Commissions Electronic Data, Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)) as soon as practicable, an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering
a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158 under the Securities Act) of the Registration Statement. 

- 18 - 

(n) Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period the Company
shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the New York Stock Exchange all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. 

(o) Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time required by
Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. 

(p) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply with all applicable securities
and other laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and use its best efforts to cause the Companys directors and officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with such laws, rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

(q) Future Reports to the Representatives. During the
period of two years hereafter the Company will furnish to the Representatives (i) to the extent not available on the Commissions EDGAR filing system, as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of
the Company containing the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public
or certified public accountants; and (ii) to the extent not available on the Commissions EDGAR filing system, as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other report filed by the Company with the Commission, FINRA or any
securities exchange. 

(r) No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the
Securities. 

(s) Investment Limitation. The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company
from its sale of the Notes in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

(t) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, the
Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives,
(ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or
post-effective amendment to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to
continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new
registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. 

- 19 - 

5. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Securities
(including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel,
independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof
to the Underwriters and dealers, this Agreement, the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Securities, (v) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or
registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States, the provinces of Canada or other jurisdictions
designated by the Underwriters (including, without limitation, the cost of preparing, printing and mailing preliminary and final blue sky or legal investment memoranda), (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Securities, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Securities with the ratings agencies, (viii) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Securities by DTC for book-entry transfer, and the performance by the Company of its other obligations under this Agreement, (ix) all expenses incurred by the
Company in connection with any road show presentation to potential investors, (x) all expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the offering by, FINRA and (xi) all other fees,
costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement. It is understood, however, that, except as provided in this Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9 and Section 11 hereof, the
Underwriters will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees and expenses of their counsel. 

6. Conditions to the
Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters hereunder shall be subject, in their discretion, to the condition that all representations and warranties of the Company herein are true and correct at and as of the date
hereof and the Closing Date, the condition that the Company shall have performed all of its obligations hereunder theretofore to be performed, and the following additional conditions: 

(a) Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Underwriters shall have received from KPMG LLP,
independent public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, covering certain financial information included in or incorporated by reference
in the Disclosure Package and other customary information. 

- 20 - 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order. For the period from and
after effectiveness of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, with respect to the Securities: 

(i) the Company shall
have filed the Prospectus with the Commission (including the information required by Rules 430A, 430B and 430C under the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; 

(ii) the Final Term Sheet, and any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the
Securities Act shall have been filed with the Commission within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under such Rule 433; and 

(iii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement, shall be in effect and no proceedings for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission; and the Company shall not have received from the
Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form. 

(c) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to
the Closing Date: 

(i) there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect that makes it, in the reasonable judgment
of the Representatives, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential
downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as
such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, and no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, with possible negative implications, any such rating. 

(d) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received the favorable opinion of
(i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the Company, and (ii) C. Coleman G. Edmunds, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, each in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters. 

- 21 - 

(e) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the
Underwriters shall have received the favorable opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of such Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to, and addressed to, the Underwriters, with respect
to the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto), the Disclosure Package and other related matters as the Representatives may reasonably require, and the Company shall have
furnished to such counsel such documents as they reasonably request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon such matters. 

(f)
Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or General Counsel of the Company
and the Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the signers of such certificate have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and this Agreement, to the effect set forth in subsections (b)(iii) and (c)(ii) of this Section 6, and further to the effect
that: 

(i) for the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, there has not occurred
any Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this
Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing Date; and 

(iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed
or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(g) Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the
Underwriters shall have received from KPMG LLP, independent public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in
the letter furnished by them pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 6, except that (i) it shall cover certain financial information included in or incorporated by reference to the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto
and (ii) the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date, as the case may be. 

(h) Form of Securities and Indenture. The Securities and the Indenture shall be executed by the Company in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and the Trustee. 

(i) Closing Documents. At the Closing Date, the Company shall have
furnished counsel for the Company or the Underwriters, as the case may be, such documents as they reasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to
evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties or fulfillment of any of the conditions herein contained. 

- 22 - 

If any condition specified in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as required to
be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that
Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9, Section 13 and Section 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

7. Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 6 or
Section 11, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof,
the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Securities, including but
not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

8.
Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each
Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as
incurred, to which such Underwriter or such controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact, in each case, necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse each Underwriter, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents and each such controlling person for any and all expenses (including, subject to
Section 8(c), the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter, or its officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents or such controlling person in
connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set
forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

- 23 - 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees,
severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in
respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to
be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom
of a material fact, in each case, necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other expense
reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby
acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the sixth paragraph, the third sentence of the eighth paragraph and the tenth and eleventh paragraphs under the caption Underwriting in the Prospectus. The
indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

- 24 - 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an
indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party
in writing of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such
failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification
obligation provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be
entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such
indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and
the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to
it and/or the other indemnified parties that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to
otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of
such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection
with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the
expenses of more than one separate counsel (other than local counsel), reasonably approved by the indemnifying party (or by the Representatives in the case of Section 8(b)), representing all indemnified parties who are parties to such action);
or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, in each of which cases the fees and
expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this
Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be withheld unreasonably, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the
indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have
requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement
at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall,
without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been
a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the
subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

- 25 - 

9. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 is for any
reason unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid
or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the
one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions or
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties herein which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities
pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial
public offering price of the Securities as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact or any such inaccurate or alleged inaccurate representation or warranty relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the
Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed
to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any legal or other fees or disbursements reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting
commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be
entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective
underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee, affiliate and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an
Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each
person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

- 26 - 

10. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If, on the Closing Date, any
one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters
agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportions that the principal amount of
Securities to be purchased set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth opposite the names of all such
non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase the
Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the principal amount of
Securities with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Securities are not
made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9, Section 13 and
Section 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order
that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. As used in this Agreement, the term
Underwriter shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of
any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. 

11. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date this Agreement
may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by the New York Stock Exchange,
(ii) trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the
Commission; (iii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by federal or New York authorities or a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States has occurred; or
(iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development
involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed
with the offering, sales or delivery of the Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities. Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be
without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Representatives and the Underwriters pursuant to Sections 5, 7, 8 and 9 hereof or (b) any
Underwriter to the Company. 

- 27 - 

12. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an
arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and
accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely
as a principal and is not the advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or any of its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no
Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad
range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the
Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate.

This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several
Underwriters, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to any breach
or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. 

13. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective
indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless
of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter or (B) acceptance of the Securities and
payment for them hereunder. The provisions of Section 5, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9, this Section 13 and Section 17 hereof shall survive the termination or cancellation of this Agreement. 

- 28 - 

14. Notices.All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Representatives: 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

114 W47th
Street 

NY8-114-07-01 

New York, NY 10036 

Facsimile: (646) 855-5958

Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383
Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Facsimile: (212) 834-6081

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk 3rd Floor 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

1271
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: Debt Capital Markets 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

50
Hudson Yards, 70th Floor 

New York, NY 10001 

Attention: Investment Grade Capital Markets 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550
South Tryon Street 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Facsimile: (704) 410-0326

Attention: Transaction Management 

and: 

Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett LLP 

425 Lexington Avenue 

New York, New York 10017 

Facsimile: (212) 455-2502

Attention: John C. Ericson 

If to
the Company: 

AutoNation, Inc. 

200 SW 1st Avenue 

Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

Facsimile: (954) 769-6340

Attention: C. Coleman Edmunds 

- 29 - 

and: 

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 

525 University Avenue 

Palo Alto,
California 94301 

Facsimile: (650) 798-6588

Attention: Gregg A. Noel 

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

15. Successors and
Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of (i) the Company, its directors, any person
who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, (ii) the Underwriters, the officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents of the
Underwriters, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and (iii) the respective successors and assigns of any of the above, all as and to the extent provided in this
Agreement, and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser of any of the Securities from any of the several Underwriters merely
because of such purchase. 

16. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable,
there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

17.
Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(a) Consent to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby (Related Proceedings) may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City and County of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City
and County of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for suits, actions, or proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment of any
Specified Court in a Related Proceeding (a Related Judgment), as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of the Specified Courts in any Related Proceeding. Service of any process,
summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the
laying of venue of any Related Proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum. 

- 30 - 

(b) Waiver of Immunity. With respect to any Related Proceeding, each party
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all immunity (whether on the basis of sovereignty or otherwise) from jurisdiction, service of process, attachment (both before and after judgment) and execution to which it might
otherwise be entitled in the Specified Courts, and with respect to any Related Judgment, each party waives any such immunity in the Specified Courts or any other court of competent jurisdiction, and will not raise or claim or cause to be pleaded any
such immunity at or in respect of any such Related Proceeding or Related Judgment, including, without limitation, any immunity pursuant to the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976, as amended. 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement. 

18. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to
this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which
shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act
of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party
whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties
hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is
a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of
Section 9, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the
Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act. 

- 31 - 

19. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the
same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For the purposes of this Section 19: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

i. a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

ii. a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

iii. a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

- 32 - 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

AUTONATION, INC.

By: /s/ C. Coleman Edmunds

Name: C. Coleman Edmunds

Title: Executive Vice President

[Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives as of the
date first above written. 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

For themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in the attached

Schedule A

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Christopher Cote

Name: Christopher Cote

Title: Managing Director

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Som Bhattacharyya

Name: Som Bhattacharyya

Title: Executive Director

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

By: /s/ Joseph Santaniello

Name: Joseph Santaniello

Title: Managing Director

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Robert Nordlinger

Name: Robert Nordlinger

Title: Authorized Signatory

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Principal Amount

of

Notes To Be

Purchased 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 87,500,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 87,500,000 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC $ 87,500,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 87,500,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 87,500,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $ 35,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 20,000,000 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC $ 2,500,000 

Huntington Securities, Inc. $ 2,500,000 

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC $ 2,500,000 

Total $ 500,000,000 

SCHEDULE B 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

Pricing Term Sheet, dated February 19, 2025, relating to the Securities approved by the Representatives and filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule
433
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d905261dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

Execution Version

AutoNation, Inc., as Issuer 

and 

Computershare Trust
Company, N.A., as Trustee 

Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 24, 2025 

to Indenture 

Dated as of
April 14, 2010 

Establishing a series of Securities designated 

5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

SECTION 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture 1 

SECTION 1.02 Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION, FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

SECTION 2.01 Creation of the Notes 9 

SECTION 2.02 Form of the Notes 9 

SECTION 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 10 

SECTION 2.04 Ranking 11 

SECTION 2.05 Sinking Fund 11 

SECTION 2.06 Place of Payment 11 

SECTION 2.07 Transfer and Exchange 12 

SECTION 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes 12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

SECTION 3.01 Optional Redemption by Company 13 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

SECTION 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 15 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

SECTION 5.01 Limitation on Liens 16 

SECTION 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 19 

SECTION 5.03 Limitation on Issuances of Guarantees of Indebtedness 20 

SECTION 5.04 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets 21 

SECTION 5.05 Compliance Certificate 21 

ARTICLE VI 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

SECTION 6.01 Events of Default 22 

ARTICLE VII 

DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE; DISCHARGE 

SECTION 7.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 23 

SECTION 7.02 Defeasance and Discharge 23 

SECTION 7.03 Covenant Defeasance 24 

SECTION 7.04 Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 24 

i 

Page 

SECTION 7.05 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 25 

SECTION 7.06 Repayment to the Company 26 

SECTION 7.07 Reinstatement 26 

SECTION 7.08 Discharge 26 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

SECTION 8.01 Without Consent of Holders of Notes 27 

SECTION 8.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes 28 

SECTION 8.03 Revocation and Effect of Consents 29 

SECTION 8.04 Notation on or Exchange of Notes 29 

SECTION 8.05 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. 30 

ARTICLE IX 

[RESERVED] 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

SECTION 10.01 Ratification of Base Indenture 30 

SECTION 10.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 30 

SECTION 10.03 Conflict with Base Indenture 30 

SECTION 10.04 Effect of Headings 30 

SECTION 10.05 Successors and Assigns 30 

SECTION 10.06 Separability Clause 30 

SECTION 10.07 GOVERNING LAW 30 

SECTION 10.08 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 31 

SECTION 10.09 Counterparts 31 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A
Form of Note 

EXHIBIT B Form of Supplemental Indenture Evidencing Future Guarantees 

ii 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 24, 2025 (this Supplemental
Indenture), by and between AutoNation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

RECITALSOF THE COMPANY

WHEREAS, the Company and Wells Fargo, N.A., as trustee, have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2010
(the Base Indenture and, together with this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance from time to time of the Companys debentures, notes or other evidences of Indebtedness (herein and therein
called the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Computershare Trust
Company, N.A., has succeeded to the corporate trust business of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and is the successor trustee pursuant to Section 11.07 of the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture permits the Company and the Trustee to enter into a supplemental indenture to the Base
Indenture to establish the form and terms of any series of Securities; 

WHEREAS, Section 2.01 of the Base Indenture permits the form
of Securities of any series to be established in a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 3.01 of the Base
Indenture permits certain terms of any series of Securities to be established pursuant to a supplemental indenture to the Base Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of
Securities consisting of $500 million in an initial aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (hereinafter called the Notes) under the Base Indenture, the form and
substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been
done; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the purchase of the Notes established by this Supplemental Indenture
by the Holders (as defined below) thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all such Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS
AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

SECTION 1.01 Relation to Base Indenture. This Supplemental Indenture constitutes a part of
the Base Indenture (the provisions of which, as modified by this Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes) in respect of the Notes but shall not modify, amend or otherwise affect the Base Indenture insofar as it relates to any other series
of Securities or modify, amend or otherwise affect in any manner the terms and conditions of the Securities of any other series. 

SECTION 1.02 Definitions. For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture, the
capitalized terms used herein (i) which are defined in this Section 1.02 have the respective meanings assigned hereto in this Section 1.02 and (ii) which are defined in the Base Indenture (and which are not defined in this
Section 1.02) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Base Indenture. For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or Section refers to an Article or Section, as
the case may be, of this Supplemental Indenture; 

(b) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words
of similar import refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; 

(c)
Headings are for convenience or reference only and do not affect interpretations; and 

(d) The terms defined in this Section 1.02(d)
have the meanings assigned to them in this Section and include the plural as well as the singular: 

Affiliate means, as to any
Person, any other Person who, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the first referred to Person. The term control means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Applicable Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(a). 

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, at the time of determination, the total obligation
(discounted to the present value at the imputed rate of interest as determined in good faith by the Company) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of taxes, assessments, maintenance, repairs, insurance,
water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance,
repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water charges or similar charges) during the remaining portion of the initial term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction. In the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon
the payment of a penalty, such rental payments shall be the lesser of (x) the amount determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the amount shall also include the amount of the penalty, but
shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or (y) the amount determined assuming no such termination. 

Automobile Retailing Activities means vehicle retailing, wholesaling, leasing, financing, servicing and related activities. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, or any similar United States federal or state law or foreign
law relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding up, liquidation, reorganization or relief of debtors or any amendment to, succession to or change in any such law. 

Base Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

2 

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares, interests, participations,
rights in or other equivalents (however designated) of such Persons capital stock, other equity interests whether now outstanding or issued after the Issue Date, partnership interests (whether general or limited), limited liability company
interests, any other interest or participation that confers on a Person that right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, including any Preferred Stock, and any rights (other than debt
securities convertible into Capital Stock), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such Capital Stock. 

Change of
Control shall occur if: 

(1) any Person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause
(1) such Person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that any such Person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of
more than 50% of the total outstanding Voting Stock of the Company; 

(2) the Company consolidates with or merges with or into any Person,
or any Person consolidates with or merges into or with the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than
any such transaction where the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for Voting Stock of such surviving Person representing a majority of the voting power of all Voting Stock of such surviving Person immediately
after giving effect to such issuance; 

(3) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or
consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Company or one of the Companys Subsidiaries; or 

(4) the Company is liquidated or
dissolved or adopts a plan of liquidation or dissolution other than in a transaction which complies with Section 5.04. 

Change
of Control Offer has the meanings set forth in Section 4.01(b). 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the
occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event. 

Commodity Price Protection Agreement means any forward contract,
commodity swap, commodity option or other similar financial agreement or arrangement relating to, or the value which is dependent upon, fluctuations in commodity prices. 

Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, of any Person as of any date, the total assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of
the most recent fiscal quarter end for which a consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries is available as of that date, minus (i) all current liabilities of such Person and its Subsidiaries reflected on such balance sheet
(excluding any current liabilities for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months but by its terms being renewable or extendible beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower) and (ii) all goodwill, tradenames,
trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount (to the extent included in total assets) and expense and other like intangible assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries reflected on such balance sheet, all calculated on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP. 

3 

Covenant Defeasance has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03 hereof. 

Credit Agreement means the fourth amended and restated credit agreement, among the Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time, dated as of July 18, 2023, as such agreement, in whole or in part, in one or more instances, may be amended, renewed, extended, substituted, refinanced,
restructured, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including, without limitation, any successive renewals, extensions, substitutions, refinancings, restructurings, replacements, supplements or other modifications of the
foregoing). 

Currency Agreement means in respect of a Person any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other
similar agreement or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency values. 

Debt Facilities
means one or more debt facilities or commercial paper facilities, in each case with banks or other financial institutions or institutional lenders, or other Persons which provide, originate or arrange debt or commercial paper facilities, providing
for revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing or letters of credit, including the Credit Agreement, and/or one or more indentures relating to debt securities, in each case in existence from time to time as such facilities, in whole
or in part, in one or more instances, may be amended, renewed, extended, substituted, refinanced, restructured, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including, without limitation, any successive renewals, extensions,
substitutions, refinancings, restructurings, replacements, supplements or other modifications of the foregoing). 

Defeasance
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02 hereof. 

Definitive Notes means certificated Notes registered in the name of
the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, except that such Security shall not bear the Global Note Legend. 

Depositary means, with respect to Global Notes issued under this Supplemental Indenture, DTC. 

Dollar and $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state
thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and their
successors and assigns. 

Eligible Special Purpose Entity means any Person which is or is not a Subsidiary of the Company which
has been formed by or for the benefit of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of (i) financing or refinancing, leasing, selling or securitizing Vehicles or related receivables and which finances, refinances or
securitizes Vehicles or related receivables of, leases Vehicles to or purchases Vehicles or related receivables from the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; or (ii) financing or refinancing consumer receivables, leases, loans or retail
installment contracts. 

4 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any
successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. 

Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes means, collectively, the Companys 4.500% Senior Notes due 2025 and 3.800% Senior Notes due 2027. 

Finance Leases means all leases which have or should be classified as finance leases in accordance with GAAP (pursuant to FASB ASC
Topic 842 Leases). 

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP means U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles and interpretations thereof, consistently applied, which are in effect as of the date hereof. 

Global
Note means a single permanent fully-registered global note in book-entry form, without coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Global Note Legend means a legend containing substantially the legend set forth in the form of Note attached as Exhibit A
hereto. 

Guarantee means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any
Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether
arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (2) entered into for purposes of
assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term guarantee will not
include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term guarantee, when used as a verb, has a correlative meaning. 

Guarantors means each Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that executes a Subsidiary Guarantee in accordance with the provisions of
this Supplemental Indenture, and their respective successors and assigns. 

H.15 has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.01(c). 

Holder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Register. 

Incur means issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for Indebtedness. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation,
Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments), excluding any trade payables and other current liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. 

Indenture has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Indenture Obligations means the obligations of the Company and any other obligor under the Indenture or under the Notes, including
any Guarantor, to pay principal of, premium, if any, and interest when due and payable, and all other amounts due or to become due under or in connection with this Indenture, the Notes and the performance of all other obligations to the Trustee and
the holders under this Indenture and the Notes, according to the respective terms thereof. 

5 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global
Note through a Participant. 

Interest Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Interest Rate Agreement means, in respect of a Person, any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement or other
financial agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in interest rates. 

Investment Grade
means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moodys) and a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor
rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent Investment Grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Issue Date means February 24, 2025. 

Lien means any mortgage or deed of trust, charge, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), privilege, security interest, assignment,
deposit, arrangement, easement, hypothecation, claim, preference, priority or other encumbrance upon or with respect to any property of any kind (including any conditional sale, capital lease or other title retention agreement, any leases in the
nature thereof, and any agreement to give any security interest), real or personal, movable or immovable, now owned or hereafter acquired. A Person will be deemed to own subject to a Lien any property which it has acquired or holds subject to the
interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, Finance Lease or other title retention agreement. 

Maturity means, when used with respect to the Notes, the date on which the principal of the Notes becomes due and payable as
therein provided or as provided in the Indenture, whether at Stated Maturity or the Redemption Date and whether by declaration of acceleration, Change of Control Offer in respect of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, call for redemption or
otherwise. 

Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) hereof. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Mortgage Facilities means one or more debt facilities in each case with banks, manufacturers and/or other entities providing for
borrowings secured primarily by real property in each case as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time; provided, that the value of the security securing such debt facilities
shall not, at the time such debt facilities are entered into, exceed 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness in respect of such debt facilities. 

Notes has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereof. 

Par Call Date means December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the Maturity Date). 

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an account with the Depositary. 

6 

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is
preferred as to the payment of dividends or distributions, or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such Person, over the Capital Stock of any other class in such Person. 

Principal Property means any building, structure or other facility located within the United States (other than its territories
and possessions) and owned by the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary, the book value of which is not less than 0.5% of the Companys Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. For purposes of this definition, book value will be measured at the time the
relevant Lien is being created or, in the case of any Lien incurred pursuant to Section 5.01(c), at the time the relevant secured Indebtedness is deemed to be Incurred. The term Principal Property does not include any building,
structure or other facility that the Board of Directors declares by resolution not to be of material importance to the total business conducted by the Company and its Domestic Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Prospectus Supplement means the prospectus supplement of the Company dated February 19, 2025, relating to the Notes. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys and S&P and (2) if either of Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the
Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the control of the Company, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act,
selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Date
means the date that is 60 days prior to the earlier of (i) a Change of Control or (ii) public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or of the intention by the Company to effect a Change of Control. 

Ratings Event means the occurrence of the events described in (a) or (b) of this definition on, or within 60 days after the
earlier of, (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control or (ii) public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the intention by the Company to effect a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the
Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies): (a) if the Notes are rated by one or both Rating Agencies on the Rating Date as Investment Grade, the rating of the Notes shall be reduced so
that the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies or (b) if the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies on the Rating Date, the rating of the Notes shall remain below Investment Grade by both Rating
Agencies. 

Redemption Date means the Business Day on which Notes are redeemed by the Company pursuant to Section 3.01
hereof. 

Registered Securities means any Securities which are registered in the Register. 

Regular Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

Remaining Life has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c). 

7 

S&P means Standard & Poors Rating Services, a division of
S&P Global Inc., and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement by the Company or any of its
Domestic Subsidiaries with any other Person pursuant to which the Company or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries leases any Principal Property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary to such other Person
with the intention of taking back a lease, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 

Securities has the meaning given to such
term in the recitals hereof. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is a significant subsidiary within
the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Stated Maturity means, when used with respect to any Indebtedness or any
installment of interest thereon, the dates specified in such Indebtedness as the fixed date on which the principal of such Indebtedness or such installment of interest, as the case may be, is due and payable. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association or other entity of which a majority of the shares or securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or another governing body (other than securities or interests having such power
only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by the parent. 

Subsidiary Guarantee means the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Companys Indenture Obligations. 

Trustee has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Vehicle Inventory Indebtedness means Indebtedness (including pursuant to a commercial paper program) Incurred by the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company or any Eligible Special Purpose Entity to purchase, lease, finance or refinance or guarantee the purchasing, leasing, financing or refinancing of Vehicles in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or related receivables, which Indebtedness (x) is secured by the Vehicles or related receivables so financed, to the extent, at any date of determination thereof, the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the depreciated book
value of such Vehicles or the book value of such related receivables determined in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis or (y) is unsecured and provides for a borrowing base which may not exceed 85% of the value of such Vehicles.

Vehicle Receivables Indebtedness means Indebtedness (including pursuant to a commercial paper program) Incurred by any
Eligible Special Purpose Entity to finance, refinance or guarantee the financing or refinancing of consumer receivables, leases, loans or retail installment contracts incurred in the sale, transfer or lease of Vehicles; provided (x) no
assets other than the Vehicles, consumer receivables, leases, loans, retail installment contracts or related proceeds (including, without limitation, proceeds from insurance, Vehicles and other obligations under such receivables, leases, loans or
retail installment contracts) to be financed or refinanced secure such Indebtedness; and (y) neither the Company nor any of its other Subsidiaries shall incur any liability with respect to such Indebtedness other than liability arising by
reason of (1) a breach of a representation or warranty or customary indemnities, in each case contained in any instrument relating to such Indebtedness or (2) customary interests retained by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries in such
Indebtedness. 

8 

Vehicles means all now existing or hereafter acquired new and used automobiles,
sport utility vehicles, trucks and vans of all types and descriptions, whether held for sale, lease, rental or operational purposes, which relate to the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys Automobile Retailing Activities. 

Voting Stock of any specified person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any
date means the Capital Stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

ARTICLE II 

CREATION,
FORMS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 

SECTION 2.01 Creation of the Notes. The Notes are hereby authorized and are
designated the 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035, unlimited in aggregate principal amount. In accordance with Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Base Indenture, the Company hereby creates the Notes as a separate series of its Securities issued pursuant to the
Indenture. The Notes shall be issued on the date hereof initially in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000, which amount shall be set forth in the written order of the Company for the authentication and delivery of the Notes pursuant to
Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture. In addition, the Company may issue, from time to time in accordance with Section 2.03(e) of this Supplemental Indenture and the other provisions of the Indenture, additional Notes having the same terms
and conditions as the Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

SECTION 2.02 Form of the Notes. The Notes shall be issued in the form
of Global Notes, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, which shall be deposited with the Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of DTC. The Notes shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon). Notes issued in definitive certificated form in accordance with the terms of the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, if any, shall
be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon). So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be considered the
sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by such Global Note for all purposes under the Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note shall be shown on, and transfers thereof shall be effected only through, records maintained
by DTC (with respect to beneficial interests of participants) or by participants or Persons that hold interests through participants (with respect to beneficial interests of beneficial owners). In addition, the following provisions of clauses (1),
(2), and (3) below shall apply only to Global Notes: 

(1) Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture, no Global Note may be
exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Note in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof unless (A) such
Depositary has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Note or has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and the Company has not appointed a successor Depositary
within 90 days of receipt of such notice, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Notes or (C) the Company (subject to the procedures of the Depositary) so directs the Trustee by Company
Order. Beneficial interests in Global Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Notes upon request upon prior written notice given to the Trustee by us or behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures. 

9 

(2) Subject to clause (1) above, any exchange of a Global Note for other Definitive
Notes may be made in whole or in part, and all Definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Note shall direct. 

(3) Every Definitive Note authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Note or any
portion thereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, unless such note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof. 

SECTION 2.03 Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Notes shall be governed by all the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture. In particular, the following provisions shall be terms of the Notes: 

(a) Title and
Aggregate Principal Amount. The title of the Notes shall be as specified in the Recitals of the Company; and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be as specified in Section 2.01 of this Article II and this Section 2.03,
except as permitted by Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture. 

(b) Stated Maturity. The Notes shall mature, and the
unpaid principal thereon shall be payable, on March 15, 2035 (the Maturity Date), subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture and Articles III and IV below. 

(c) Interest. The rate per annum at which interest shall be payable on the Notes shall be 5.890%. Interest on the Notes shall be
payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing on September 15, 2025 (each, an Interest Payment Date), to the Persons in whose names the applicable Notes are registered in the Register
applicable to the Notes at the close of business on the immediately preceding March 1 or September 1, respectively, prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date regardless of whether such day is a Business Day (each, a Regular
Record Date). Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Interest on the Notes issued on the Issue
Date shall accrue from and including February 24, 2025 or the most recent Interest Payment Date on which interest was paid. If an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be made on the
next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the date the payment is
made. Interest payments shall include accrued interest from and including the Issue Date or from and including the last date in respect to which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date or the Maturity
Date, as the case may be. 

(d) Registration and Form. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Securities as provided in
Section 2.02 of this Article II. The Notes shall be issued and may be transferred only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. All payments of principal, the price payable on redemption, the
repurchase price payable pursuant to any Change of Control Offer and interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by the Company in immediately available funds. 

10 

(e) Further Issues. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
the Base Indenture, the Company may, from time to time, without the consent of or notice to the Holders, create and issue further Notes having the same ranking and terms and conditions as the Notes issued on the Issue Date in all respects, except
for the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such additional Notes. Additional Notes issued in this manner shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes issued on the Issue Date and shall be governed by the terms
of the Indenture; provided, however, that if any additional Notes are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the Notes issued on the Issue Date, such additional Notes shall be issued under a separate CUSIP number.
Notice of any such issuance shall be given to the Trustee, and a new supplemental indenture shall be executed in connection with the issuance of such additional Notes. 

(f) Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. The provisions regarding merger, consolidation or sale of assets contained in
Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture are deleted and replaced in their entirety by the provisions of Section 5.04 of this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Notes. 

(g) Compliance Certificate. The provisions for furnishing the Trustee certificates regarding compliance contained in Sections 6.05 and
6.07 of the Base Indenture are deleted and replaced in their entirety by the provisions of Section 5.05 of this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Notes. 

(h) Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance; Discharge. The provisions regarding Defeasance, Covenant Defeasance and Discharge contained in
Article XII of the Base Indenture are deleted and replaced in their entirety by the provisions of Article VII of this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Notes. 

(i) Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. The provisions regarding amendment, supplement and waiver contained in Article XIV of the Base
Indenture are deleted and replaced in their entirety by the provisions of Article VIII of this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Notes. 

(j) Other Terms and Conditions. The Notes shall have such other terms and conditions as provided in the form thereof attached as
Exhibit A hereto. 

SECTION 2.04 Ranking. The Notes shall be general unsecured obligations of the Company. The Notes
shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, including, without limitation, any unsecured senior indebtedness of the Company, and senior in right of payment to any subordinated indebtedness of
the Company. 

SECTION 2.05 Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking fund. 

SECTION 2.06 Place of Payment. The Place of Payment in respect of the Notes will be at the office or agency of the Company in The
City of New York, State of New York or at the office or agency of the Paying Agent in The City of St. Paul, State of Minnesota. 

11 

SECTION 2.07 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
provisions of the Base Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture and the then applicable procedures of the Depositary (the Applicable Procedures). In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests, the transferor of
such beneficial interest must deliver to the Trustee either (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be
credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the
Participant account to be credited with such increase or, if Definitive Notes are at such time permitted to be issued pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, (B)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect
Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions
given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above. Upon satisfaction of all of the
requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in the Base Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, the Registrar shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Notes pursuant to
Section 2.08 hereof. 

(b) Upon written request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the provisions
of this Section 2.07(b), the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Trustee the Definitive Notes duly
endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. The Trustee shall cancel any such Definitive Notes so surrendered, and
the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a new Definitive Note in the appropriate
principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar
through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Definitive Notes are so registered. In addition, the requesting Holder shall
provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture. 

(c) The Company and the Holders of Notes shall cooperate with the Trustee and shall provide the Trustee with reasonable access to, and copies
of, documents or information necessary for the Trustee to comply with any cost basis reporting obligations imposed on it by a governmental authority in connection with certain transfers or exchanges of Notes. 

SECTION 2.08 Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note
have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with
Section 3.09 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another
Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Securities represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased
accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Registrar or by the Depositary at the direction of the Registrar to reflect such increase. 

12 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

SECTION 3.01 Optional Redemption by Company. 

(a) Prior to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at a
redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) 100% of
the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, and 

(ii) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at
a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date. 

(c) Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following
two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under
the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the
yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the
Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life 
and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than
or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a
maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

13 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

(d) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

(e) Notice of any redemption shall be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the
Depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). At the Companys request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption
in the Companys name and at its expense; provided, however, that the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee, at least five days prior to the date on which the Company is requesting that the Trustee deliver such notice, an
Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice. The Company shall calculate the amount payable on redemption and shall deliver an Officers Certificate to
the Trustee setting forth the amount payable on redemption no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. 

(f) In
the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption shall be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less shall
be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note shall state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed
portion of the Note shall be issued in the name of the Holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance
with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

(g) Notwithstanding subsection (a) above, installments of interest on the Notes
that are due and payable on any Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to a Redemption Date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date according to the
terms of the Notes and the Indenture. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

14 

ARTICLE IV 

CHANGE OF CONTROL 

SECTION 4.01 Repurchase at the Option of Holders Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

(a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to
Section 3.01 of this Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of
that Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of
repurchase; provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(b) Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of
Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing
the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than thirty (30) days and
no later than sixty (60) days from the date such notice is mailed. The notice shall, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase
Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change
of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and
regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes or the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

(d) On the repurchase date following a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof) properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control Offer; 

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the
aggregate purchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control Offer; and 

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the
aggregate principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

15 

(e) The Trustee shall promptly mail, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly mail, to each
Holder of Notes properly tendered, the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly, upon the receipt of a Company Order, authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal
amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note shall be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(f) The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such
an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

(g) If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company, as described in Section 4.01(f) of this Supplemental Indenture, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn
by such Holders, the Company will have the right, upon not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, given not more than thirty (30) days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer
described in this Section 4.01, to redeem all Notes that remain Outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

SECTION 5.01 Limitation on Liens. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Domestic Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on
(a) any Principal Property or (b) the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of the Company, in each case to secure Indebtedness of the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any other Person, unless prior to or at the same time, the Notes
(together with, at the option of the Company, any other Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary ranking equally in right of payment with the Notes) are equally and ratably secured with or, at the option of the Company, prior to, such
Indebtedness. Any Lien created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 5.01(a) shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and
discharge of such Lien that gave rise to the obligation to secure the Notes under this Section 5.01(a). 

(b) The restrictions set
forth in Section 5.01(a) shall not apply, with respect to any Person, to any of the following: 

(i) any Lien existing on the Issue
Date; 

(ii) any Lien arising by reason of: 

(1) any judgment, decree or order of any court, so long as such Lien is adequately bonded or with respect to which adequate
reserves or other appropriate provisions are being maintained in accordance with GAAP and any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment, decree or order shall not have been finally terminated or
the period within which such proceedings may be initiated shall not have expired; 

16 

(2) taxes, governmental assessments or similar governmental charges or
levies not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith; 

(3) security for payment of workers
compensation, unemployment insurance and other governmental insurance or benefits and/or other insurance arrangements (including, without limitation, pledges or deposits securing liability under self-insurance general liability insurance programs);

(4) good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, statutory obligations, leases and contracts (other than
contracts for the payment of money); 

(5) zoning and other restrictions, charges or encumbrances (whether or not recorded),
easements (including, without limitation, reciprocal easement agreements and utility agreements), licenses, reservations, title defects, rights of others for rights of way, utilities, sewers, electric lines, telephone or telegraph lines, and other
similar purposes, provisions, covenants, consents, conditions, waivers, variations, encroachments, restrictions on the use of property or minor irregularities of title (and with respect to leasehold interests, mortgages, obligations, liens and other
encumbrances incurred, created assumed or permitted to exist and arising by, through or under a landlord or owner of the leased property, with or without consent of the lessee), none of which materially impairs the use of any parcel of property
material to the operation of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the value of such property for the purpose of such business; 

(6) deposits to secure public, statutory or similar obligations, or in lieu of surety or appeal bonds or Liens incurred or
deposits made as a result of progress payments under government contracts; 

(7) Liens incurred or deposits made in
connection with letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business; or 

(8) operation of law in favor of
mechanics, carriers, warehousemen, landlords, materialmen, laborers, employees, suppliers or other similar Persons, incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums which are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by
negotiations or by appropriate proceedings which suspend the collection thereof; 

(iii) any Lien to secure the performance bids, trade
contracts, leases (including, without limitation, statutory and common law landlords liens), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, letters of credit and other obligations of a like nature and incurred in the ordinary course of
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(iv) Liens securing Indebtedness Incurred to finance the construction, purchase or
lease of, or repairs, improvements or additions to, property, plant or equipment of such Person; provided, however, that the Lien may not extend to any other property owned by such Person at the time the Lien is incurred (other than
improvements, installments, repairs, developments, renewals, replacements, additions, accessions, assets and property affixed or appurtenant thereto), and the Indebtedness (other than any interest thereon) secured by the Lien may not be Incurred
more than 270 days after the later of the acquisition, completion of construction, lease, installation, development, repair, improvement, addition or commencement of full operation of the property subject to the Lien; 

17 

(v) Liens on property or shares of Capital Stock of another Person at the time such other
Person becomes a Subsidiary of such Person; provided, however, that the Liens may not extend to any other property owned by such Person (other than assets and property affixed or appurtenant thereto); 

(vi) Liens on property or assets of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries that is acquired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company; provided, however, that the Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the Company or any of its other
Subsidiaries (other than assets and property affixed or appurtenant thereto); 

(vii) Liens in favor of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, including Liens securing Indebtedness of a Subsidiary owing to the Company or any other Subsidiary; 

(viii) any Lien
securing any Vehicle Inventory Indebtedness and/or Vehicle Receivables Indebtedness; 

(ix) Liens securing Indebtedness under Mortgage
Facilities in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1.0 billion at any one time outstanding; 

(x) Liens securing Indebtedness
under Debt Facilities in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $2.4 billion at any one time outstanding; 

(xi) Liens securing
Indebtedness under Interest Rate Agreements, Currency Agreements or Commodity Price Protection Agreements or otherwise Incurred to hedge interest rate risk or currency or commodity pricing risk; 

(xii) Liens to secure any refinancing (or successive refinancings) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to
in the foregoing clauses (i), (iv), (v), (vi) or (xi); provided, however, that: (a) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property and assets that secured or, under the written agreements pursuant to which the
original Lien arose, could secure the original Lien (plus improvements and accessions to, such property or proceeds or distributions thereof); and (b) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater
than the sum of (x) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the Indebtedness described in clauses (i), (iv), (v), (vi) or (xi) at the time the original Lien became a Lien permitted under the Indenture and
(y) an amount necessary to pay any fees and expenses, including premiums, related to such refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement; and 

(xiii) Liens on assets subject to a Sale and Leaseback Transaction securing Attributable Debt permitted to be Incurred pursuant to
Section 5.02 of this Supplemental Indenture. 

(c) Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in subsections (a) and (b) of this
Section 5.01, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be permitted to Incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions contained in subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01 without equally
and ratably securing the Notes, if any; provided that, after giving effect to such Indebtedness, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness secured by Liens (not including Liens permitted under clauses (i) through (xiii) of
Section 5.01(b)), together with all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to Section 5.02(b), does not exceed 15% of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien.
The Company and its Subsidiaries also may, without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or incur Liens that extend, renew, substitute or replace (including successive extensions, renewals, substitutions or replacements), in whole or in
part, any Lien permitted pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

18 

SECTION 5.02 Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Domestic Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction, unless: 

(i) such transaction with respect to a Principal Property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered
into within one year after the later of (x) the Issue Date or (y) the date such Principal Property was acquired; 

(ii) the Sale
and Leaseback Transaction is solely with the Company or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries; 

(iii) the lease is for a period not in excess
of 36 months, including renewals; 

(iv) the Company would (at the time of entering into such arrangement) be entitled to Incur
Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes then Outstanding under the Indenture, pursuant to Section 5.01(c) of this Supplemental Indenture; or 

(v) leases where the proceeds from the sale of the subject Principal Property are at least equal to the fair market value (as determined in
good faith by the Company) of the subject Principal Property and the Company applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of such Principal Property to the purchase of other property or assets used or useful in its business or to the
retirement of long-term Indebtedness within 365 days of the effective date of any such Sale and Leaseback Transaction; provided that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of long-term Indebtedness, the Company may deliver Notes
to the Trustee for cancellation. 

(b) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in subsection (a) of this Section 5.02, the
Company and its Subsidiaries may enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which would otherwise be subject to such restrictions, if after giving effect thereto the aggregate amount of all Attributable Debt with respect to such transactions,
together with all Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Section 5.01(c) of this Supplemental Indenture, does not exceed 15% of the Consolidated Net Tangible Assets of the Company calculated as of the closing date of the Sale and Leaseback
Transaction. 

19 

SECTION 5.03 Limitation on Issuances of Guarantees of Indebtedness. 

(a) The Company shall not cause or permit any Domestic Subsidiary (which is not a Guarantor), directly or indirectly, to guarantee, assume or
in any other manner become liable with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary unless such Domestic Subsidiary simultaneously executes and delivers a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a Subsidiary
Guarantee of the Notes on the same terms as the guarantee of such Indebtedness except that (A) such guarantee need not be secured unless required pursuant to Section 5.01 of this Supplemental Indenture and (B) if such Indebtedness is
by its terms expressly subordinated to the Notes, any such assumption, guarantee or other liability of such Domestic Subsidiary with respect to such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to such Domestic Subsidiarys Subsidiary Guarantee of the
Notes at least to the same extent as such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes; provided that (i) so long as any of the Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes have not been retired, Discharged or
defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with the applicable supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020
Senior Notes, no such Subsidiary Guarantee will be required if the debt guaranteed by such Domestic Subsidiary does not exceed $75,000,000 and (ii) at any time after all of the Existing Pre-2020 Senior
Notes have been retired, Discharged or defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with the applicable supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes, no such Subsidiary Guarantee will be required until and unless such DomesticSubsidiary becomes a guarantor under the Credit Agreement, and, in the case of this
Section 5.03(a)(ii), such Domestic Subsidiary shall Guarantee the Notes for so long as such Domestic Subsidiary is a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement. 

The obligation to provide Subsidiary Guarantees set forth in the preceding paragraph will not be applicable to any Guarantees of any Domestic
Subsidiary given to a bank or trust company or any commercial banking institution that is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (or any branch, Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof), in connection with the operation of cash management programs
established for its benefit or that of any other Domestic Subsidiary. 

(b) The Company shall cause any DomesticSubsidiary, whether
presently existing or hereafter formed or acquired, that is required to provide a Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to Section 5.03(a) to execute a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. 

(c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this Section 5.03, any Subsidiary Guarantee by a Domestic Subsidiary of the Notes shall
provide by its terms that it (and all Liens securing the same) shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon (i) any sale, exchange or transfer, to any Person not an Affiliate of the Company, of all of the
Companys Capital Stock in, or all or substantially all the assets of, such Domestic Subsidiary, which transaction is in compliance with the terms of the Indenture, and such Domestic Subsidiary is released from all Guarantees, if any, by it of
other Indebtedness of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary, (ii) the release by the holders of the applicable Indebtedness of the Company described in subsection (a) of this Section 5.03 of their Guarantee by such Domestic
Subsidiary (including any deemed release upon payment in full of all obligations under such Indebtedness), at such time as (A) no other Indebtedness of the Company has been guaranteed by such Domestic Subsidiary or (B) the holders of all
such other Indebtedness which is guaranteed by such Domestic Subsidiary also release their Guarantee by such Domestic Subsidiary (including any deemed release upon payment in full of all obligations under such Indebtedness), (iii) so long as any of
the Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes have not been retired, Discharged or defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with the applicable
supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes, such Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to guarantee the Companys Credit Agreement or any Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes and such Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to guarantee any Indebtedness of the Company or any other Domestic Subsidiary in an amount exceeding $75,000,000 (other than the Notes) or (iv) at any
time after all of the Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes have been retired, Discharged or defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with
the applicable supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes, such Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to guarantee the Companys Credit Agreement. 

20 

SECTION 5.04 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

(a) The Company shall not, in a single transaction or through a series of related transactions, consolidate or merge with or into any other
Person, or, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets to another Person, or permit any Person to merge with or into it, unless: 

(i) the Company is the continuing Person or the successor Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the
Company) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease or conveyance or other disposition has been made is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia; 

(ii) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company) or the Person to which such sale,
assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Company under the Indenture, including payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes, and the performance and observance of all of
the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company, by a supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee; 

(iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

(iv) at the time of such transaction, the Company or the surviving Person shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Trustee, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease or conveyance or other transaction and the
supplemental indenture in respect thereof comply with the Indenture and that all conditions precedent therein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with. 

In the event of any transaction (other than a lease) described in and complying with the conditions listed in the immediately preceding
paragraph in which the Company is not the continuing corporation, the successor Person formed or remaining or to which such transfer is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company and the
Company will be discharged from all obligations and covenants under the Indenture and the Notes. 

SECTION 5.05 Compliance
Certificate. The Company shall furnish, so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, to the Trustee annually, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the Notes are Outstanding, a certificate from the principal executive
officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer as to his or her knowledge of the Companys compliance with all conditions and covenants under the Indenture (which compliance shall be determined without regard to any period
of grace or requirement of notice provided under the Indenture). The Company shall, so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, also deliver to the Trustee, as soon as possible, but in no event later than five (5) Business Days after the
principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer becomes aware of any Default or Event of Default, a certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default. Such certificates need not comply with
Section 16.01 of the Base Indenture. 

21 

ARTICLE VI 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

SECTION 6.01 Events of Default. 

(a) In addition to those specified in Section 7.01 of the Base Indenture, each of the following is an Event of Default with
respect to the Notes: 

(i) failure by the Company to comply with the provisions of Section 4.01 or Section 5.04 of this
Supplemental Indenture; 

(ii) default under any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries having an aggregate amount of at
least $200.0 million constituting a default either (a) of payment of principal when due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise) or (b) which results in acceleration of the Indebtedness,
and in each case after the Company has received written notice (with a copy to the Trustee if sent by the Holders) of the default from the Trustee or from the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then Outstanding and
thereafter do not cure the default within 30 days; 

(iii) failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to pay final judgments
aggregating in excess of $200.0 million above available insurance coverage or indemnity coverage, which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 days; and 

(iv) except as permitted by the Indenture, any Subsidiary Guarantee of a Significant Subsidiary of the Company is held in any judicial
proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid. 

(b) Clause (c) of Section 7.01 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes.

(c) Clauses (d), (e) and (f) of Section 7.01 of the Base Indenture are deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following
with respect to the Notes: 

(d) failure by the Company to comply with any of the agreements contained in the Indenture or the Notes
(other than an agreement, a default in the performance of which is specifically handled elsewhere in this Section 6.01(a) or Section 7.01 of the Base Indenture) for 30 days after written notice is received by the Company from the Trustee
or by the Company and the Trustee from the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then Outstanding specifying the default (and demanding that such default be remedied); 

(e) there shall have been the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of (a) a decree or order for relief in respect of the
Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or (b) a decree or order adjudging the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries under any applicable federal or state law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator
(or other similar official) of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or of any substantial party of their respective properties, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of their affairs, and any such decree or order for relief shall
continue to be in effect, or any such other decree or order shall be unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 consecutive days; 

22 

(f) (i) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries commences a voluntary
case or proceeding under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, 

(ii) the
Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries consents to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, 

(iii) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
files a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law, 

(iv) the Company or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries (1) consents to the filing of such petition or the appointment of, or taking possession by, a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Company or such
Significant Subsidiary or of any substantial part of their respective properties, (2) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or (3) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or 

(v) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries takes any corporate action in furtherance of any such actions described in this clause
(f); 

ARTICLE VII 

DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE; DISCHARGE 

SECTION 7.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The Company may, at the option of its Board of Directors
evidenced by a resolution set forth in an Officers Certificate, at any time, elect to have either Section 7.02 or 7.03 of this Supplemental Indenture be applied to all Outstanding Notes and any Subsidiary Guarantees upon compliance with
the conditions set forth below in this Article VII. 

SECTION 7.02 Defeasance and Discharge. Upon the Companys exercise
under Section 7.01 of the option applicable to this Section 7.02, the Company shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.04, be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to all
Outstanding Notes and any Subsidiary Guarantees on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Defeasance). For this purpose, Defeasance means that the Company, a Guarantor, if applicable, and any other obligor
under the Indenture shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the Outstanding Notes being defeased, which shall thereafter be deemed to be Outstanding only for the purposes of Section 7.05
and the other Sections of the Indenture referred to in (a) and (b) below, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Notes and the Indenture (and the Trustee, on written demand of and at the expense of the Company, shall execute
proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (a) the rights of Holders of such Outstanding Notes to receive, solely from the trust fund
described in Section 7.04, and as more fully set forth in such Section 7.04, payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Notes when such payments are due, (b) the Companys obligations with
respect to such Notes under Article II of the Supplemental Indenture and Article III and Section 6.02 of the Base Indenture, (c) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Companys obligations
in connection therewith and (d) this Article VII. Subject to compliance with this Article VII, the Company may exercise its option under this Section 7.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 7.03. 

23 

SECTION 7.03 Covenant Defeasance. Upon the Companys exercise under
Section 7.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 7.03, the Company and any Guarantor shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.04 hereof, be released from their obligations under the
covenants contained in Sections 4.01, 5.01, 5.02, 5.03, 5.04 and 5.05 of this Supplemental Indenture with respect to the Outstanding Notes, and the Events of Default set forth in Sections 6.01(a)(i), 6.01(a)(ii), 6.01(a)(iii) and 6.01(a)(iv) of
this Supplemental Indenture shall cease to apply to the Notes, in each case, on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 7.04 are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter be deemed
not Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed Outstanding for all
other purposes hereunder (it being understood that the Notes shall not be deemed Outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the Outstanding Notes, the Company and any Guarantor may omit to
comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in
any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01 of this Supplemental Indenture or Section 7.01 of the Base
Indenture with respect to the Notes, but, except as specified above, the remainder of the Indenture and such Notes shall be unaffected thereby. 

SECTION 7.04 Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to the application of either
Section 7.02 or 7.03 of this Supplemental Indenture to the Outstanding Notes: 

(a) the Company must irrevocably deposit or cause to be
deposited with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of such Notes, cash in United States dollars, U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally
recognized firm of independent public accountants or a nationally recognized investment banking firm, to pay and discharge the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Outstanding Notes on the Stated Maturity; 

(b) in the case of an election under Section 7.02 of this Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an
Opinion of Counsel from independent counsel in the United States stating that (A) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (B) since the Issue Date, there has been a change in
the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel from independent counsel in the United States shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of such Outstanding Notes will not
recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such
Defeasance had not occurred; 

(c) in the case of an election under Section 7.03 of this Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall
have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel from independent counsel in the United States to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

24 

(d) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to
such Notes either (a) on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or Event of Default solely resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit); or (b) insofar as clauses (e) and (f) of Section 7.01 of the
Base Indenture (as amended pursuant to Section 6.01(c) of this Supplemental Indenture) are concerned, at any time during the period ending on the 91st day after the date of deposit; 

(e) such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a Default under, the Indenture or any
other material agreement or instrument (other than, to the extent set forth in clause (d) above, the Indenture) to which the Company or any Guarantor is a party or by which it is bound; 

(f) such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, unless such trust shall be registered under such Act or exempt from registration thereunder; 

(g) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel from independent counsel in the United States to the effect that
after the 91st day following the date of deposit, the trust funds will not be subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; 

(h) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with
the intent of preferring the Trustee, Holders of such Notes or any Subsidiary Guarantee over the other creditors of the Company or any Guarantor with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors of the Company or any
Guarantor or others; and 

(i) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel from
independent counsel in the United States, each stating that all conditions precedent relating to either the Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with. 

SECTION 7.05 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. 

Subject to Section 7.06 of this Supplemental Indenture, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof)
deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 7.05, the Trustee) pursuant to Section 7.04 of this Supplemental Indenture in respect of the Outstanding Notes being defeased
shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and the Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as Paying Agent) to the Holders of such
Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or U.S.
Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 7.04 of this Supplemental Indenture or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of
the Outstanding Notes being defeased. 

25 

Anything in this Article VII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or
pay to the Company from time to time upon the written request of the Company any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 7.04 of this Supplemental Indenture which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of
independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 7.04(a) of this Supplemental Indenture), are in excess of the amount thereof that would then
be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

SECTION 7.06 Repayment to the Company.
Subject to applicable laws relating to abandoned property, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note and remaining
unclaimed for two years after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its written request or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of
such Note shall thereafter, as a secured creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall
thereupon cease. 

SECTION 7.07 Reinstatement. If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any United States dollars or
U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 7.02 or 7.03 of this Supplemental Indenture, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting
such application, then the Companys obligations under the Indenture and the Notes theretofore defeased shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 7.02 or 7.03 of this Supplemental Indenture until
such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with such Section 7.02 or 7.03, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Company makes any payment of principal of, premium, if
any, or interest on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

SECTION 7.08 Discharge. The Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect (except as to surviving rights of
registration of transfer or exchange of the Notes as expressly provided for in the Indenture) and the Trustee, at the expense and written direction of the Company, will execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of the
Indenture as to all of the Outstanding Notes of such series under the Indenture when: 

(a) either: 

(i) all such Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes which have been replaced or paid or Notes
whose payment has been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust as provided for in the Indenture) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, or

(ii) all such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (a) have become due and payable, (b) will become
due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year or (c) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the
expense, of the Company; 

26 

(b) the Company or any Guarantor has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with
the Trustee as trust funds in trust cash in United States dollars, U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness on such Notes not theretofore delivered to
the Trustee for cancellation, including principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest at such Maturity, Stated Maturity or Redemption Date; 

(c) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes on the date of such deposit or shall occur
as a result of such deposit, and such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other material agreement to which the Company or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Company or any Guarantor is
bound; 

(d) the Company or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable under the Indenture by the Company or any
Guarantor; 

(e) the Company has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to apply such funds to the payment of the Notes at
Maturity or redemption, as the case may be; and 

(f) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion
of Counsel each stating that all conditions precedent under the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of such Indenture with respect to the Notes have been complied with. 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

SECTION 8.01 Without Consent of Holders of Notes. Notwithstanding Section 8.02 of this
Supplemental Indenture, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes without notice to or the consent of any Holder of a Note: 

(1) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the Indenture or the Notes; 

(2) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; 

(3) to provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations to Holders of the Notes in the case of a merger or consolidation or sale
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; 

(4) to make any change that, in the good faith opinion of the Board of
Directors of the Company, would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any such Holder; 

(5) to secure the Notes or to add guarantors; 

(6) to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture
Act; 

(7) to conform the text of the Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the Description of the Notes in the Prospectus
Supplement to the extent that such provision in the Description of the Notes in the Prospectus Supplement was intended to be a verbatim recitation of the Indenture or the Notes; 

27 

(8) to remove a Guarantor which, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, ceases to be
liable in respect of its Subsidiary Guarantee; 

(9) to add to the covenants of the Company or any Guarantor for the benefit of the Holders
of the Notes or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company or any Guarantor; 

(10) to provide for the issuance of
additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Indenture as of the Issue Date; 

(11) to comply with the provisions
of the DTC or the Trustee with respect to the provisions in the Indenture and the Notes relating to transfer and exchanges of the Notes or beneficial interests in the Notes; and 

(12) evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee. 

SECTION 8.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes. 

Except as provided below in this Section 8.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes and/or any
Subsidiary Guarantees may be amended or supplemented (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes) of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal
amount of Outstanding Notes; and, subject to Section 7.06 of the Base Indenture, any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes,
except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of the Indenture, the Notes or any Subsidiary Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then Outstanding Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes). 

Upon the written request of the Company accompanied by a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or
supplemental Indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent of the Holders of Notes as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee of any document requested by it pursuant to
Section 11.01(e) of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall join with the Company and any Guarantors in the execution of such amended or supplemental Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein
contained, unless such amended or supplemental Indenture directly affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter
into such amended or supplemental Indenture. 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders of Notes under this
Section 8.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 8.02 becomes effective, the Company shall mail to the Holders of Notes
affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended or supplemental
Indenture or waiver. 

28 

Subject to Section 7.06 of the Base Indenture, the Holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding voting as a single class may waive compliance in a particular instance by the Company and/or any Guarantor with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes and/or any Subsidiary Guarantee. However,
without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment or waiver under this Section 8.02 may not (with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder): 

(1) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; 

(2) reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Note or alter the provisions with respect to the redemption of Notes (other
than provisions relating to the covenants set forth in Section 4.01 of this Supplemental Indenture); 

(3) reduce the rate of interest
on any Note other than as expressly contemplated by the Indenture or change the time for payment of interest on any Note; 

(4) waive a
Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes (except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes and a waiver of the
payment default that resulted from such acceleration); 

(5) make any Note payable in money other than that stated in the Notes; 

(6) make any change in the provisions of the Indenture relating to waivers of past Defaults or the rights of Holders of Notes to receive
payments of principal of or interest on the Notes; 

(7) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Note (other than a payment required
by the covenant set forth in Section 4.01 of this Supplemental Indenture); 

(8) make any change in the foregoing amendment and waiver
provisions; or 

(9) modify, without the written consent of the Trustee, the rights, duties or immunities of the Trustee. 

SECTION 8.03 Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a
Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder of a Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note.
However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the waiver, supplement or amendment becomes effective. An amendment,
supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder. 

SECTION 8.04 Notation on
or Exchange of Notes. The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any affected Note thereafter authenticated. The Company in exchange for all affected Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon
receipt of an authentication order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver. Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or
waiver. 

29 

SECTION 8.05 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. The Trustee shall sign any amended
or supplemental Indenture authorized pursuant to this Article VIII if the amendment or supplement does not in the judgment of the Trustee adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. The Company may not sign an
amendment or supplemental Indenture until its Board of Directors approves it. In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee shall receive and (subject to Section 11.01 of the Base Indenture) shall be fully protected in
conclusively relying upon an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental Indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. 

ARTICLE IX 

[RESERVED]

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

SECTION 10.01 Ratification of Base Indenture. This Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture
supplemental to the Base Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same
instrument. 

SECTION 10.02 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with
another provision hereof, or with a provision of the Base Indenture, which is required to be included in this Supplemental Indenture, or in the Base Indenture, respectively, by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required
provision shall control to the extent it is applicable. 

SECTION 10.03 Conflict with Base Indenture. To the extent not
previously amended or modified by this Supplemental Indenture, the Base Indenture shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture relating to the Notes is inconsistent with any provision of the Base Indenture,
the provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall control. 

SECTION 10.04 Effect of Headings. The Article and Section
headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

SECTION 10.05 Successors and Assigns.
All covenants and agreements in this Supplemental Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

SECTION 10.06 Separability Clause. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture or in the
Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

SECTION 10.07 GOVERNING LAW. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES AND ANY SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

30 

SECTION 10.08 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY, ANY GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE
EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, ANY
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 10.09 Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be
executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. This Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an
authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature, (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature
Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual
signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to
investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other
Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

[Signature page follows] 

31 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed, all as of the day and year first above written. 

AUTONATION, INC.

By: /s/ V. Mathew Giunta

Name: V. Mathew Giunta

Title: Authorized Signatory

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Corey J. Dahlstrand

Name: Corey J. Dahlstrand

Title: Vice President

EXHIBIT A 

[GLOBAL NOTE LEGEND] 

[IF A
GLOBAL NOTE, INSERT: THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 4.06 OF THE BASE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAYBE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 4.06 OF THE BASE
INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAYBE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.09 OF THE BASE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAYBE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE
COMPANY. 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]* 

* 

Legend to be included only for Global Notes 

A-1 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

No. $[ ]

CUSIP No. 05329W AT9

ISIN: US05329WAT99

5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 

AutoNation, Inc., a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to [ ], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] Dollars
($[ ])[IF A GLOBAL NOTE, INSERT: , or such other amount as may be specified on the attached schedule reflecting increases and decreases in the principal amount hereof,] on March 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025. 

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1. 

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note. 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed 

Dated: 

AUTONATION, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

Dated: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF

AUTHENTICATION

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Global Notes referred to in the within mentioned Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3 

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. Interest

AutoNation, Inc. (such
corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to, being herein called the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum shown above. The Company shall
pay interest semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing September 15, 2025.1 Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from February 24, 2025.2 The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal and premium, if any, and interest on overdue installments of interest, to the extent lawful, at the interest rate for the Notes. Interest shall be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. 

2. Method of Payment

The Company shall
pay interest on the Notes to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the March 1 or September 1 immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record
date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except with respect to defaulted interest. The Notes shall be payable as to principal, premium and interest at the office or agency of the Company maintained for such purpose within or without the
City and State of New York, or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders, and provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available
funds shall be required with respect to principal of and interest and premium on all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions no later than 30 days immediately preceding the relevant due
date for payment (or such other date as the Trustee may accept in its judgment), to the Company or the Paying Agent. Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the United States of America at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of
public and private debts. 

3. Paying Agent and Registrar

Initially, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Trustee under the Indenture (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), shall
act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any holder. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

1 

In the case of Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

2 

In the case of Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

A-4 

4. Indenture 

The Company issued the 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (referred to in this Note as the Notes) under an Indenture dated as of
April 14, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by that Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 24, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), each
between the Company and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. 77aaa-77bbbb) (the Trust
Indenture Act). Terms defined in the Indenture and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a
statement of those terms. 

The Company shall be entitled, subject to its compliance with Section 2.03(e) of the Supplemental
Indenture, to create and issue further securities having the same ranking and terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price, the payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such
additional Notes and, in some cases, the first Interest Payment Date. The Notes initially issued on the Issue Date and any additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture. 

5. Optional Redemption

Except as
described below, the Notes will not be redeemable by the Company prior to Maturity. 

Prior to the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem
the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of
the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the Redemption Date,
plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date; provided, however, that on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part, at any
time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders on the relevant
record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date). 

Par Call Date
means December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes). 

6. Notice of Redemption 

Notice of any redemption shall be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). 

A-5 

7. Repurchase at Option of Holder Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Indenture, the
Company shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or a portion of such Holders Notes (the Change of Control Offer), at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount
thereof plus accrued interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the date fixed for repurchase). Within 30 days
following the date upon which the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurred, the Company must send (with a copy to the Trustee), by first class mail, a notice to each Holder, which notice shall govern the terms of the Change of Control Offer and
shall be in compliance with the Indenture. Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse
of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice. 

8. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange 

The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 principal and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. A Holder may register, transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by
law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer of or exchange any Notes selected for redemption (except, in the case of a Note to be redeemed in part, the portion of the Note not to be redeemed) or any Notes for a
period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed. 

9. Persons Deemed Owners 

The registered Holder of this Note may be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. 

10. Discharge and Defeasance 

Subject to
certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Company at any time shall be entitled to terminate some or all of its and any Guarantors obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money or U.S.
Government Obligations for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be. 

11.
Amendment, Waiver

The Indenture, the Notes or any Subsidiary Guarantees may be amended or supplemented as provided in the
Indenture. 

12. Defaults and Remedies 

If any Event of Default (as defined in the Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount
of the then Outstanding Notes may declare all the Notes to be due and payable by notice in writing to the Company and the Trustee (if declared by the Holders) specifying the respective Event of Default and that it is a notice of
acceleration, and the same shall become immediately due and payable. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act. Subject to certain limitations, including the
Trustees right to indemnity as set forth in the Indenture, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any
direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Company is required to deliver to the
Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

A-6 

13. Trustee Dealings with the Company

Subject to certain limitations imposed by the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity,
may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the Company or its Affiliates and may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may
otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

14. No Recourse Against Others 

Any past, present, or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder, as such, of the Company or the Trustee shall not have
any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes, the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. The
waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. 

15. Authentication

This Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) signs the certificate of authentication
on the other side of this Note. 

16. Abbreviations 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT (=tenants by the
entireties), JT TEN (=joint tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (=custodian), and U/G/M/A (=Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 

17. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 

Pursuant to
a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures the Company has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers to be printed on the Notes and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP and ISIN numbers in notices of redemption
as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon.

18. GOVERNING LAW

THIS NOTE SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

A-7 

The Company shall furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge to the
Holder a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

AutoNation, Inc. 

200 SW 1st Ave 

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 

Attention: Legal Department 

Facsimile No.: 954-769-6340

A-8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably, appoint __________________ agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.)

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed

(Signatures must be guaranteed by a participant in a recognized Signature Medallion Program or other signature
guarantor program reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.) 

A-9 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.01 of the Supplemental Indenture check the
box: 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.01 of the
Supplemental Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: $___________ 

Dated: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears

on the other side of this Note.)

Signature Guarantee: 

(Signature must be guaranteed)

(Signatures must be guaranteed by a participant in a recognized Signature Medallion Program or other signature
guarantor program reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.) 

A-10 

[IF A GLOBAL NOTE, INSERT: SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OR INTERESTS IN GLOBAL NOTE 

The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease

in principal

amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase

in principal

amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of

this Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory

of Trustee or

custodian]

A-11 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture), dated as of ____________, among AutoNation, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), _________, each a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (or its permitted successor), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee under the indenture referred to below (the Trustee). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee the Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2010 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by that Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 (the
Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance of 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances, a Domestic Subsidiary (each such Domestic Subsidiary, a
Guarantor) shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such Guarantor shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and
conditions set forth herein (the Guarantee); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Supplemental Indenture, the
Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company, each Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows: 

1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

2. Agreement to Guarantee. Each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that: (a) the
principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be promptly paid by the Company in full when due, whether at Maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest
on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder shall be promptly paid by the Company in full or performed by the Company, all in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid by the Company in full when due or performed by the Company in accordance with the terms of
the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due by the Company of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed which failure continues for ten (10) days after demand
therefor is made to the Company for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a Guarantee of payment and not a Guarantee of collection. 

B-1 

The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional,
irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of
payment (except as specifically provided in the preceding paragraph), filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands
(except as specifically provided in the preceding paragraph) whatsoever and covenant that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and the Indenture. Each Guarantor also
expressly waives, without any requirement of any notice to or further assent by such Guarantor, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the benefit of all principles or provisions of applicable law which are or might be in conflict with
the terms hereof, including, without limitation, Section 10-7-23 and
Section 10-7-24 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated. 

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee,
liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and
effect. 

Each Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any
obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of
the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article VII of the Base Indenture and Article VI of the Supplemental Indenture for the purposes of this Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition
preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (y) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article VII of the Base Indenture and Article VI of the Supplemental
Indenture, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Guarantee, failing payment when due by the Company which failure continues for ten (10) days after
demand therefor is made to the Company. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor in a pro rata amount based on the net assets of each Guarantor determined in
accordance with GAAP, so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee. 

3.
Limitation on Guarantor Liability. Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or
conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee,
the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee and this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount
and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in
respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 

B-2 

4. Acknowledgement of Manufacturers Letter Agreements. It is hereby
acknowledged that the enforcement of certain rights with respect to any Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions of the Manufacturers Letter Agreements. As used herein, Manufacturers Letter Agreements means each of
the following: (i) Letter Agreement, dated August 28, 2015, between the Company and Ford Motor Company, (ii) Letter Agreement, dated August 28, 2015, between the Company and Nissan North America, Inc., (iii) Letter Agreement,
dated September 4, 2015, between the Company and Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. and (iv) Letter Agreement, dated September 8, 2015, between the Company and BMW of North America, LLC, as each may be further amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified and any additional Manufacturers Letter Agreements that may be entered into from time to time. 

5. Certain
California Law Waivers. As used in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture, any reference to the principal includes the Company, and any reference to the creditor includes the Holders. In accordance with Section 2856
of the California Civil Code: 

(a) each Guarantor agrees (i) to waive any and all rights of subrogation and reimbursement against the
Company or against any collateral or security granted by the Company for any of the Guarantors obligations and (ii) to withhold the exercise of any and all rights of contribution against any other guarantor of any of the Guarantors
obligations and against any collateral or security granted by any such other guarantor for any of the Guarantors obligations until the Guarantors obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full; 

(b) each Guarantor waives any and all other rights and defenses available to the Guarantor by reason of Sections 2787 to 2855, inclusive, 2899
and 3433 of the California Civil Code, including any and all rights or defenses Guarantor may have by reason of protection afforded to the principal with respect to any of the Guarantors obligations, or to any other guarantor of any of the
Guarantors obligations with respect to any of such guarantors obligations under its guaranty, in either case pursuant to the antideficiency or other laws of the State of California limiting or discharging the principals
indebtedness or such guarantors obligations, including Section 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure; and 

(c) each Guarantor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies by the creditor, even though that election of
remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to security for any Guarantee obligation, has destroyed Guarantors rights of subrogation and reimbursement against the principal by the operation of Section 580d of the Code of
Civil Procedure or otherwise; and even though that election of remedies by the creditor, such as nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to security for an obligation of any other guarantor of any of the Guarantors obligations, has destroyed
Guarantors rights of contribution against such other guarantor. 

No other provision of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture shall
be construed as limiting the generality of any of the covenants and waivers set forth herein. In accordance with Section 10 of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture, the Guarantees shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. This Section 5 is included solely out of an abundance of caution, and shall not be construed to mean that any of the above-referenced provisions of California law are in any way
applicable to the Guarantees or to any of the Guarantors obligations. 

6. Guarantor May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms.
Each Guarantor agrees that, unless its Guarantee is being concurrently released in conformity with Section 8 of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture, it may not consolidate with or merge with or into any Person other than the Company or any
other Guarantor unless (a) the Guarantor will be the surviving corporation or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Guarantor) is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the United
States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and such Person assumes by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary on its Guarantee and (b) immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

B-3 

7. Execution and Delivery. Each Guarantor agrees that the Guarantees shall remain in
full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of any endorsement on any Note a notation of such Guarantee. The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof under the Indenture, shall constitute due delivery of the
Guarantees set forth in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors. 

8. Release of Guarantor. The Guarantee
of a Guarantor shall be released: 

(a) upon any sale, exchange or transfer, to any Person not an Affiliate of the Company, of all of the
Companys Capital Stock in, or all or substantially all the assets of, such Domestic Subsidiary, which transaction is in compliance with the terms of the Indenture, and such Domestic Subsidiary is released from all guarantees, if any, by it of
other Indebtedness of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary; 

(b) upon the occurrence of either Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance with
respect to such Notes in compliance with Article VII of the Supplemental Indenture; 

(c) upon the release by the holders of the applicable
Indebtedness of the Company described in Section 5.03(a) of the Supplemental Indenture of their Guarantee by such Domestic Subsidiary (including any deemed release upon payment in full of all obligations under such Indebtedness), at such time
as (A) no other Indebtedness of the Company has been guaranteed by such Domestic Subsidiary or (B) the holders of all such other Indebtedness which is guaranteed by such Domestic Subsidiary also release their Guarantee by such Domestic
Subsidiary (including any deemed release upon payment in full of all obligations under such Indebtedness); 

(d) so long as any of the
Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes have not been retired, Discharged or defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with the applicable
supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes, upon such Guarantor ceasing to guarantee the Companys Credit Agreement or any Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes and such Guarantor ceasing to guarantee any Indebtedness of the Company or any other Domestic Subsidiary in an amount exceeding $75,000,000 (other than the Notes); or 

(e) at any time after all of the Existing Pre-2020 Senior Notes have been retired, Discharged or
defeased in accordance with Article XII of the Base Indenture or satisfied and discharged or defeased in accordance with the applicable supplemental indenture setting forth the terms of such Existing Pre-2020
Senior Notes, upon such Guarantor ceasing to guarantee the Companys Credit Agreement. 

The Trustee, at the expense and written
direction of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the termination of such Guarantee as reasonably required by the representative of such Guarantor. 

Any Guarantor not released from its obligations under its Guarantee shall remain liable for the full amount of principal and premium, if any,
of and interest on the Notes and for the other obligations of any Guarantor under the Indenture as provided in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture. 

9. No Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of a Guarantor, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Company or any Guarantor under the Notes, the Indenture, any Guarantees or this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

B-4 

10. GOVERNING LAW. THIS GUARANTOR SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE COMPANY, THE GUARANTORS AND THE
TRUSTEE EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLE WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTOR SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE, THE GUARANTEES OF THE GUARANTORS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

12. Counterparts. The parties may sign any
number of copies of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by
facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Guarantor Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures
of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or
relating to this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the
transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

13. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

14. The Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever
for or in respect of the validity, legality or sufficiency of this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guarantors and the Company. 

15. Successors. All agreements of the Issuer and each Guarantor in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors,
except as otherwise provided in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 

B-5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Guarantor Supplemental Indenture to
be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 

Dated: 

[GUARANTORS]

By: 

Name:

Title:

AUTONATION, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d905261dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

SKADDEN, ARPS, SLATE, MEAGHER & FLOMLLP

ONE MANHATTAN WEST

NEW YORK, NY 10001

TEL: (212) 735-3000

FAX: (212) 735-2000

www.skadden.com 

FIRM/AFFILIATE

OFFICES

-----------

BOSTON

CHICAGO

HOUSTON

LOS ANGELES

PALO ALTO

WASHINGTON, D.C.

WILMINGTON

-----------

ABU DHABI

BEIJING

BRUSSELS

FRANKFURT

HONG KONG

LONDON

MUNICH

PARIS

SO PAULO

SEOUL

SINGAPORE

TOKYO

TORONTO

February 24, 2025

AutoNation, Inc. 

200 SW 1st Avenue 

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 

Re: 

AutoNation, Inc. 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284995)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special United States counsel to AutoNation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the
public offering of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.890% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Securities) to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2010 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee), as supplemented and amended by the Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, between the
Company and the Trustee (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). 

This
opinion letter is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act). 

In rendering the opinion stated herein, we have examined and relied upon the following: 

(a) 

the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284995) of the Company relating to the debt securities and other securities of the Company filed on February 14, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the
Securities Act allowing for delayed offerings pursuant to Rule 415 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act (the Rules and Regulations), including the information deemed to be a part of the registration statement
pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations (such registration statement being hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement); 

AutoNation, Inc. 

February 24, 2025 

Page
2

(b) 

the prospectus, dated February 14, 2025 (the Base Prospectus), which forms a part of and is
included in the Registration Statement; 

(c) 

the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 19, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the
Preliminary Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations; 

(d) 

the prospectus supplement, dated February 19, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the
Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations; 

(e) 

an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement, dated February 19, 2025 (the Underwriting
Agreement), between the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as representatives of the several Underwriters named therein (the
Underwriters), relating to the sale by the Company to the Underwriters of the Securities; 

(f) 

executed copies of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture; 

(g) 

the global certificate evidencing the Securities, executed by the Company and registered in the name of Cede
& Co. (the Note Certificate), delivered by the Company to the Trustee for authentication and delivery; 

(h) 

an executed copy of a certificate of Thomas J. Mila, Vice President, Corporate Law and Assistant Secretary of
the Company, dated as of the date hereof (the Secretarys Certificate); 

(i) 

copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware as of (i) April 14, 2010 and (ii) February 14, 2025, and certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; 

(j) 

copies of the Companys Bylaws, as amended and in effect as of (i) April 14, 2010, (ii) February 14,
2025 and (iii) the date hereof, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; 

(k) 

copies of certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, dated (i) March 25, 2010 and (ii)
February 11, 2025, and resolutions of the Pricing Committee thereof, dated February 19, 2025, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; and 

(l) 

a copy of a certificate, dated February 18, 2025, and a bringdown verification thereof, dated as of the date
hereof, from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to the Companys existence and good standing in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Certificate). 

AutoNation, Inc. 

February 24, 2025 

Page
3

We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our
satisfaction, of such records of the Company and such agreements, certificates and receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary or
appropriate as a basis for the opinion stated below. 

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including
electronic signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic,
certified or photocopied copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant to the opinion stated herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of
officers and other representatives of the Company and others and of public officials, including the facts and conclusions set forth in the Secretarys Certificate and the factual representations and warranties contained in the Underwriting
Agreement. 

We do not express any opinion with respect to the laws of any jurisdiction other than (i) the laws of the State of New
York and (ii) the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) (all of the foregoing being referred to as Opined-on Law). 

As used herein, Transaction Documents means the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Note Certificates. 

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Note Certificates
have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company and duly executed by the Company under the DGCL, and when duly authenticated by the Trustee and issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor in
accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture, the Note Certificates will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms under the laws of the State
of New York. 

The opinion stated herein is subject to the following assumptions and qualifications: 

(a) we do not express any opinion with respect to the effect on the opinion stated herein of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent transfer, preference and other similar laws or governmental orders affecting creditors rights generally, and the opinion stated herein is limited by such laws and governmental orders and by general principles of equity
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law); 

(b) we do not express any opinion with respect to any law, rule or
regulation that is applicable to any party to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any such party or any of its affiliates
as a result of the specific assets or business operations of such party or such affiliates; 

AutoNation, Inc. 

February 24, 2025 

Page
4

(c) except to the extent expressly stated in the opinion contained herein, we have assumed
that each of the Transaction Documents constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each party to such Transaction Document, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; 

(d) we do not express any opinion whether the execution or delivery of any Transaction Document by the Company, or the performance by the
Company of its obligations under any Transaction Document will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any covenant, restriction or provision with respect to financial ratios or tests or any aspect of the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; 

(e) we do not express any opinion with respect to the enforceability of any
provision contained in any Transaction Document relating to any indemnification, contribution, non-reliance, exculpation, release, limitation or exclusion of remedies, waiver or other provisions having similar
effect that may be contrary to public policy or violative of federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, or to the extent any such provision purports to, or has the effect of, waiving or altering any statute of limitations; 

(f) the opinion stated herein is limited to the agreements and documents specifically identified in the opinion contained herein (the
Specified Documents) without regard to any agreement or other document referenced in any Specified Document (including agreements or other documents incorporated by reference or attached or annexed thereto) and without regard to any
other agreement or document relating to any Specified Document that is not a Transaction Document; 

(g) subsequent to the effectiveness of
the Indenture and immediately prior to the issuance of the Note Certificates and the effectiveness of the Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture has not been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any way that affects or relates to
the Notes Certificates other than by the applicable Transaction Documents relating to such series of Offered Debt Securities; 

(h) to the
extent that any opinion relates to the enforceability of the choice of New York law and choice of New York forum provisions contained in any Transaction Document, the opinion stated herein is subject to the qualification that such enforceability may
be subject to, in each case, (i) the exceptions and limitations in New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 and (ii) principles of comity or
constitutionality; and 

(i) we call to your attention that irrespective of the agreement of the parties to any Transaction Document, a
court may decline to hear a case on grounds of forum non conveniens or other doctrine limiting the availability of such court as a forum for resolution of disputes; in addition, we call to your attention that we do not express any opinion with
respect to the subject matter jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States of America in any action arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document. 

AutoNation, Inc. 

February 24, 2025 

Page
5

In addition, in rendering the foregoing opinion we have also assumed that, at all applicable
times: 

(a) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its
obligations thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Securities: (i) conflicts or will conflict with the organizational documents of the Company, (ii) constituted or will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any lease,
indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not make the assumption set forth in this clause (ii) with respect to those agreements or instruments expressed to be governed by the
laws of the State of New York which are listed in Part II of the Registration Statement or the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024), (iii) contravened or will
contravene any order or decree of any governmental authority to which the Company or its property is subject, or (iv) violated or will violate any law, rule or regulation to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not
make the assumption set forth in this clause (iv) with respect to the Opined-on Law); and 

(b) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations
thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Securities, required or will require the consent, approval, licensing or authorization of, or any filing, recording or registration with, any governmental authority under any law, rule or regulation
of any jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations. We also hereby consent to
the filing of this opinion letter with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement. This opinion letter is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in
applicable laws. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

GAN
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>an-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>an-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>an-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 19, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000350698

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity Registrant Name AutoNation, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-13107

Entity Tax Identification Number 73-1105145

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 SW 1st Ave

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Lauderdale

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33301

City Area Code (954)

Local Phone Number 769-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.autonation.com//20250219/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

an-20250219.xsd 
an-20250219_lab.xml 
an-20250219_pre.xml 
d905261d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-033444-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d905261d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000350698 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

false 
0000350698 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
AutoNation, Inc. 
DE 
1-13107 
73-1105145 
200 SW 1st Ave 
Fort Lauderdale 
FL 
33301 
(954) 
769-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>