<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-022336.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-022336.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207091111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-022336
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Millrose Properties, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002017206
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				992056892
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42476
		FILM NUMBER:		25599519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK INC.
		STREET 2:		2 WISCONSIN CIRCLE #700
		CITY:			CHEVY CHASE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20815
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-559-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK INC.
		STREET 2:		2 WISCONSIN CIRCLE #700
		CITY:			CHEVY CHASE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Millrose, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240326
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d760441d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0002017206--12-3100020172062025-02-062025-02-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 6, 2025

Millrose Properties, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 001-42476 99-2056892

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

600 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1400 

Miami, Florida 33131

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

212-782-3841

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share MRP New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 7, 2025 (the Distribution Date), Lennar Corporation (Lennar) completed the previously announced distribution of 120,980,401 shares of Class A common stock of Millrose Properties, Inc. (Millrose), par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), and 11,819,811 shares of Class B common stock of Millrose, par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock and, together with Class A Common Stock, Common Stock), subject to de minimis adjustments, representing approximately 80% of the outstanding Common Stock, to holders of Lennar Class A common stock and Class B common stock (the Distribution or Spin Off). Each holder of Lennar Class A common stock or Class B common stock received one share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock for every two shares of Lennar Class A common stock or Class B common stock held as of the close of business on January 21, 2025 (the Record Date). Following the Distribution, Lennar will temporarily retain 33,200,053 shares (approximately 20% of the outstanding shares of Millrose) of Common Stock in the form of Class A Common Stock (the Retained Shares). Lennar has agreed not to exercise its voting rights with respect to the Retained Shares. Upon the consummation of the Spin Off, Millrose became an independent public company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) under the symbol MRP. 

Millrose is externally managed by Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC (the Manager), an affiliate and subsidiary of Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC (Kennedy Lewis). The Manager provides Millrose access to the Managers deep financial expertise, extensive operational platforms and strong homebuilder relationships. Immediately following the Spin-Off, the Manager will leverage its full resources to deliver its already robust backlog of deals and to pursue accretive homesite option purchase arrangements with other third-party homebuilders and developers throughout the industry. The Manager is currently actively evaluating these potential transactions for suitability for Millrose using its standard due diligence procedures and expects to have one or more of such transactions under contract by the time Millrose announces its financial results for the first quarter of 2025. Millrose expects to utilize its revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) to finance these transactions. 

In connection with the Spin Off, Lennar has contributed $5.5 billion in land assets and cash of $1 billion to Millrose. 

In connection with the Spin-Off, Millrose entered into several agreements, as described below. 

Management Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose and the Manager entered into the Management Agreement (the Management Agreement). The Management Agreement requires the Manager to manage Millroses and its subsidiaries assets and day-to-day operations, subject to the supervision of the Millrose board of directors. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, the Manager is responsible for, among other things, the acquisition, management and disposition of land assets and properties, compliance with laws and regulations, including as a public company, performing services and activities relating to the Homesite Option Purchase Platform (HOPPR) and ensuring compliance by Millrose with its responsibilities and obligations under each of the agreements entered into between Millrose and Lennar or any of Lennars subsidiaries (collectively, the Lennar Agreements). In addition, the Manager is required to provide Millrose with sufficiently experienced and qualified personnel to perform all services, including officers of Millrose and its subsidiaries. Further, the Management Agreement includes a policy governing the allocation of investment opportunities not involving Lennar between Millrose and certain affiliates of Kennedy Lewis. 

Pursuant to the Management Agreement, Millrose will pay the Manager a management fee in an amount equal to 1.25% per annum of Tangible Assets (as defined in the Management Agreement) or 0.3125% per quarter (the Management Fee) to be calculated as set forth in the Management Agreement. The Management Fee will be due and payable quarterly in advance as of the first day of each quarter. In addition, except for certain reimbursable expenses, all expenses incurred by Millrose and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, including all Operating Expenses (as defined in the Management Agreement), will be paid for by the Manager and covered under the Management Fee. 

The Management Agreement has an initial term of three years and will be automatically renewed for a one-year term on each anniversary date thereafter, unless earlier terminated or not renewed in accordance with the termination provisions of the Management Agreement, including, among other grounds, unsatisfactory performance by the Manager that is materially detrimental to Millrose and the Manager not presenting to the Millrose board of directors any candidates to succeed the Manager or the Key Men (as defined below), as applicable, for consideration within 60 calendar days. In the event of termination without cause, Millrose will pay the Manager a termination fee, as calculated in accordance with the Management Agreement. The Management Agreement also contains indemnification provisions by Millrose for the benefit of the Manager and its affiliates and by the Manager for the benefit of Millrose and its subsidiaries in certain circumstances. 

The foregoing description of the Management Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Management Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Founders Rights Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose and U.S. Home, LLC, a subsidiary of Lennar (U.S. Home), Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, a subsidiary of Lennar (Lennar Homes Holding), and CalAtlantic Group, LLC, a subsidiary of Lennar (CalAtlantic and, together with U.S. Home and Lennar Homes Holding and their divisions and subsidiaries, including any subsidiary of Lennar, the Lennar Parties), entered into the Founders Rights Agreement (the Founders Rights Agreement), pursuant to which U.S. Home will maintain certain rights and benefits set forth therein that are exclusive to U.S. Home and its affiliates and may not be granted to any other person by Millrose without the written consent of U.S. Home. 

Pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement, until such time as the aggregate value of all cash and capital assets contributed by U.S. Home and held at a given time by Millrose and its subsidiaries is less than 10% of their total assets, and remains continuously below such 10% threshold for six consecutive months (such event, a Sunset Threshold Event), in the event the Management Agreement is terminated for any reason or no reason, including if Millrose terminates the Manager, if Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC resigns as Manager or if the Manager assigns the Managers interest in the Management Agreement in violation thereof, U.S. Home has the right to consent or withhold consent to Millroses selection of a new manager and/or execution of any successor Management Agreement, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned. Upon receipt of notice that the Manager intends to terminate the Management Agreement, or upon Millroses determination to replace the Manager, Millrose will promptly notify U.S. Home thereof. Millrose will present to U.S. Home one or more replacement manager candidates and/or a draft successor management agreement, and U.S. Home will have ten business days to object to such candidate and/or draft. U.S. Homes failure to object within the ten-business day period will be deemed an approval of the candidate(s) and/or draft, as applicable. 

The Founders Rights Agreement also provides that, until the occurrence of a Sunset Threshold Event, in the event that (i) both David K. Chene and Darren L. Richman (collectively, the Key Men) cease to exercise control over the management or the decision-making process at Kennedy Lewis, (ii) both Key Men cease to exercise direct or indirect control over the management of Millrose or (iii) either Kennedy Lewis and/or either Key Man transfers any membership interests of the Manager, directly or indirectly, to a company (or any affiliate thereof) engaged primarily in the building of single family homes in the United States or acquiring and developing homesites in the United States (in each case, a Management Change of Control), U.S. Home will have the right to consent to the replacement(s) for Mr. Chene and/or Mr. Richman. Within ten days of the date on which the Manager has reason to believe that there will be a Management Change of Control within the following 90 days, Millrose will notify U.S. Home of such development. Promptly upon Millroses receipt of candidate successors to replace Mr. Chene and/or Mr. Richman from the Manager, Millrose will provide to U.S. Home the relevant background information about such candidates. U.S. Home will have ten business days to evaluate the candidate(s) and approve or reject such candidate(s). U.S. Homes failure to respond within the ten-business day period will be deemed an approval of the candidate(s). 

The Founders Rights Agreement further provides that in the event that Millrose issues additional shares of Class A Common Stock (or any other equity securities in a manner consistent with its charter) within 18 months of the Distribution Date to any customer other than U.S. Home of its affiliates (the Other Customer) in exchange for Future Property Assets (i.e., any future Homesites (as defined below), prospective Homesites, properties or other related land assets that Millrose may acquire with and pursuant to its arrangements with its customers, including U.S. Home and Other Customers) in a transaction with an aggregate value in excess of $500 million at a price per share lower than the price per share received by U.S. Home in exchange for the contribution of the Initial Founder Assets (as defined in the Founders Rights Agreement) (each, a Subsequent Bulk Assets Contribution), Millrose will issue an additional number of shares of Class A Common Stock to Millrose stockholders (the Additional Equity Issuance) equal to the number of additional shares the Lennar stockholders that received Common Stock on the Distribution Date would have received if the Distribution had been executed at the same price per share as what the Other Customer received in connection with the Subsequent Bulk Assets Contribution. The Additional Equity Issuance will be calculated as set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement, U.S. Home has a Capital Priority Right which it may exercise (i) on the first day of the month immediately following the one year anniversary of the Distribution Date; and (ii) thereafter, every three months on a designated date (each, a Reservation Date). On each Reservation Date, U.S. Home may reserve an amount up to the Priority Amount (as defined in the Founders Rights Agreement) for its activities pursuant to the Master Program Agreement, the Master Option Agreement, the Master Construction Agreement and any Multiparty Cross Agreement (each as defined below and collectively, the Program Documents) during the three-month period until the next Reservation Date (each such period, a Reservation Period) in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement. The Capital Priority Right provides U.S. Home with an evergreen right to reserve for a certain period of time a certain amount of Millroses available capital exclusively for financing Future Property Asset acquisitions and land development activities (including the installation of all necessary infrastructure required to build homes, including drainage, sewage, water lines, roads, sidewalks, utility lines, grading, landscaping and, in certain cases, the construction of recreational facilities, common area elements and other amenities) for U.S. Home, which U.S. Home will lose if it does not use it during the Reservation Period, subject to certain conditions. 

In the event Millrose fails to convey any Homesite(s) to U.S. Home or its affiliates, where U.S. Home (or its affiliate) is willing to pay the takedown price pursuant to the applicable Takedown Schedule (defined below) of any Purchase Option (as defined below), and such failure persists uncured for ten days following notice from U.S. Home that Millrose has failed to convey the subject Homesite accordingly (such failure to convey, a Conveyance Default), U.S. Home has an enforcement right to compel Millrose to sell U.S. Home the Homesite(s), which will be automatically and immediately available without the need for any court order or other third party action. If there is a Conveyance Default, U.S. Home may stop payment on all Monthly Option Payments (as defined below) with respect to all properties subject to any Program (as defined below) between U.S. Home and Millrose. The Founders Rights Agreement also provides for a dispute resolution mechanism. 

If Millrose (through its subsidiaries) enters into any HOPPR or other arrangements with any individual or entity that allows for option payments (or payments substantially similar to Monthly Option Payments) at a rate that is lower than U.S. Homes (or its affiliates) Applicable Rate (as defined in and calculated pursuant to the Master Program Agreement) for Future Property Assets (any such event, an Applicable Rate Adjustment Event), U.S. Home will have the right to have its Applicable Rate commensurately adjusted for all new Future Property Assets acquired, or with respect to which an acquisition process has been initiated, within 180 days following the occurrence of the Applicable Rate Adjustment Event to match the lower rate agreed upon by the relevant Millrose and the third party (such right, the Applicable Rate Adjustment Right); provided, however, that within 18 months of the date of the Distribution, Millrose may issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock (or any other equity securities in a manner consistent with its charter) to any Other Customer in exchange for Future Property Assets only if such transaction includes an option rate equal to or higher than the lower of (i) 9.5% and (ii) the Applicable Rate plus 1%. 

Until the occurrence of a Sunset Threshold Event, Millrose may not enter into any third-party financing arrangements if such financing arrangement would cause its debt-to-equity ratio to exceed 1:1 without the prior written consent of U.S. Home. In addition, without the express written consent of U.S. Home, Millrose and its affiliates may not mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber one or more residential properties (the Properties) in any collateralized financing arrangement, if any other property of Millrose subject to any customer right or option to purchase is also pledged as collateral in such financing. 

In addition to U.S. Homes ability to designate two Pause Periods pursuant to the Master Option Agreement, U.S. Home also has a Pause Period Designation Right pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement to unilaterally elect to designate a pause period (a Pause Period) of up to six months in its sole discretion at any time with respect to any Property, during which time all takedown and construction deadlines for such Property will be extended, no closings will occur, and no payments will be made by Millrose to the contractor under the applicable construction agreement. However, in the event U.S. Home designates a Pause Period by exercising its Pause Period Designation Right, then U.S. Home will lose its Applicable Rate Adjustment Right for all new Future Property Assets until there are no longer any U.S. Home properties subject to a Pause Period. 

The foregoing description of the Founders Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Founders Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.2 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Lennar and Millrose entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which Millrose agreed that, upon the exercise of Lennars demand registration rights, subject to certain limitations, Millrose will use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Retained Shares. Millrose will be responsible for all registration expenses in connection with Millroses performance of its obligations under the registration rights provisions. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary indemnification and contribution provisions by Millrose for the benefit of Lennar (including its directors and officers) and, in limited situations, by Lennar for the benefit of Millrose (including its directors and officers) with respect to the information provided by Lennar included in any registration statement, prospectus or related document. 

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.3 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

HOPPR License Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Lennar-Millrose HOPPR, LLC, a subsidiary of Lennar (the Sublicensor), and Millrose Holdings, LLC (Millrose Holdings), entered into a Sublicense Agreement (the HOPPR License Agreement), pursuant to which the Sublicensor granted to Millrose Holdings a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferrable license to use the HOPPR and HOPPR Mark (as defined in the HOPPR License Agreement) (collectively, the Licensed IP) solely for Millrose Holdings and its affiliates internal business purposes. Millrose Holdings will also have the right to use any related intellectual property that may supplement the Licensed IP. As part of the Licensed IP, Millrose Holdings will also be able to use the HOPPR trademark, including in marketing materials and other publications. The Manager is entitled to use Millroses HOPPR Rights license in connection with the management and operation of Millrose. Millroses HOPPR Rights license will be perpetual and will have no termination date, subject to certain limited termination conditions. 

The foregoing description of the HOPPR License Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the HOPPR License Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.4 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Master Program Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose and U.S. Home, Lennar Homes Holding and CalAtlantic entered into a Master Program Agreement (Master Program Agreement). 

Under the Master Program Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Initial Properties, Supplemental Transferred Assets (each as defined below) and future property assets are or will be admitted to the Program. Millrose and its affiliates, including Millrose Holdings (together with Millrose, the Millrose Entities), and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (together with Millrose and Millrose Holdings, the Millrose Parties) will acquire residential land and related rights, contract with the Lennar Parties to complete various on-site and off-site related improvements, and grant such Lennar Party an option to acquire homesites on such land (each, a Homesite) in accordance with a pre-determined acquisition schedule (the aforementioned transaction and related activities, the Program) and in conjunction with the HOPPR. 

Admitted Properties, as used in the Master Program Agreement, refers to the Properties acquired by the Millrose Parties for the benefit of the Lennar Parties and admitted to the Program. These Admitted Properties include the properties Lennar previously conveyed to certain Lennar subsidiaries and contributed to Millrose prior to the Distribution (the Initial Properties). Any land assets the Millrose Parties acquire using the initial builder cash contributed by Lennar to Millrose immediately prior to the Distribution (the Supplemental Transferred Assets) once acquired by the Millrose Parties will be deemed Initial Properties. The Master Program Agreement also sets out specified admission requirements for future Properties to be deemed Admitted Properties. These admission requirements include compliance with the program criteria specified in the Master Program Agreement (the Program Criteria), and Lennar providing to the Millrose Parties a proposed project report meeting the Program Criteria and completion of due diligence by the Manager. Properties will be admitted into the Program commencing on the Distribution Date until such time as the Lennar Parties and Millrose mutually agree in writing that Properties will no longer be admitted to the Program. 

The Admitted Properties will be grouped into pools with primary consideration given to diversity within pools across geographies, communities and home types. As to any pool, Lennars Total Payment Obligations (as defined in the Master Program Agreement) for the Initial Properties will not exceed $50 million and for any future Admitted Properties will not exceed $25 million. 

In the event a Lennar Partys Purchase Options to acquire Homesites expire or are terminated prior to such Lennar Party acquiring all of the Homesites on an Admitted Property, then within 20 days of such expiration or termination, Millrose will have the right to request that a Lennar Party enter into an agreement to build out homes on the unpurchased Homesites for a fee, and the Lennar Parties will make a Lennar Party available to be engaged as a fee builder of homes, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Master Program Agreement. 

Under the Master Program Agreement, Millrose has agreed, at Lennars request, to provide the Program to any residential home construction or real estate development company in the United States in which any Lennar Party has any amount of ownership interest or contractual business relationship, subject to certain conditions, including such company meeting the Program Criteria and Millrose having sufficient capital to finance such engagements. 

The foregoing description of the Master Program Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Master Program Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.5 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Master Option Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, U.S. Home, Lennar Homes Holding, CalAtlantic and the Millrose Entities entered into a Master Option Agreement (the Master Option Agreement). Under the Master Option Agreement and the applicable project addendum, the applicable Millrose Party will grant Lennar an exclusive option (Purchase Options or Option) to acquire the Homesites on each Admitted Property. 

The term of each Purchase Option begins on the later of (i) the date of the Master Option Agreement, (ii) the applicable Millrose Partys acquisition of such Admitted Property (if not already owned by the Millrose Party), and Lennars delivery of the Option deposit and (iii) the execution of a project addendum for the applicable Admitted Property. The Option term ends on the final takedown date specified in the schedule of takedowns attached to the applicable project addendum (Takedown Schedule), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the Master Option Agreement and subject to extensions as provided in the applicable project addendum. The Lennar Parties may exercise a Purchase Option in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Master Option Agreement. 

Under the Master Option Agreement and any applicable project addendum, a Lennar Party will acquire the Homesites according to a Takedown Schedule. The Lennar Party may extend acquisition dates by up to four quarterly extensions beyond the date provided in the Takedown Schedule, provided notice is given five business days before the end of the preceding month. Extensions adjust subsequent takedown timelines but require the Lennar Parties to meet the cumulative acquisition target set forth in the applicable Takedown Schedule. Lennar may accelerate takedowns of up to 50% of Homesites in a pool as of the date of the proposed accelerated takedown or elect to purchase all remaining Homesites in bulk. Bulk purchases exceeding 50% of a pool require concurrent completion of all Homesites in that pool. 

Lennar may designate up to two Pause Periods of up to six months each under the Master Option Agreement if the Burns Home Value Index for the metropolitan statistical area (MSA) in which the Property is located shows a seasonally adjusted home sale pricing decline in the MSA of 10% or more, or a public health emergency occurs which does or is expected to materially and adversely impacts Lennars ability to construct, market and/or sell residences on an Admitted Property. During Pause Periods, deadlines are extended, takedowns are paused and Lennar pays a reduced Monthly Option Payment at 50% of the Applicable Rate for the applicable Property. 

In consideration for the grant of the Purchase Option, the applicable Lennar Party is required to make the following payments: 

An initial deposit of 5% of projected total land acquisition and development costs for the Admitted Property which shall be confirmed and set forth in the applicable project addendum. 

A monthly option payment calculated on a daily basis based on: 

o 

Invested Capital, which is (a) the aggregate amounts properly paid by the Millrose Parties to the Lennar Parties or other parties in connection with a Property pursuant to the Master Option Agreement, the Master Construction Agreement and any applicable project addendum, purchase agreement or nomination agreement, including, without limitation, the acquisition cost of the Property and the progress payments made to improve the Property (but excluding any costs which expressly are not reimbursable to Millrose pursuant to such agreements), less (b)(i) the aggregate purchase price paid by the Lennar Parties to the Millrose Parties for Homesites set forth on the Takedown Schedule, and (ii) any other payments or reimbursements paid by the Lennar Parties to the Owner Parties for such Property (including the initial deposit, any Early Option Payment (as defined in the Master Option Agreement) and any additional deposits) other than this monthly option payment; provided that with respect to the Initial Properties and the Supplemental Transferred Assets, the Allocated Value set forth in the applicable project addendum for such Property, to the extent actually paid by any Millrose Party, shall be included in the Invested Capital for each such Property 

o 

multiplied by the Applicable Rate 

o 

divided by 360 days. 

Additional deposits in certain specified circumstances, including prepayments if Millrose requires cash flow (up to 5% of the takedown price) or option termination payments. 

All expenses provided for in the Master Option Agreement otherwise payable or attributable to the applicable Admitted Property which are due and payable during the Purchase Option term and all expenses related to maintenance, insurance and other obligations contained in the Master Option Agreement during the Purchase Option term. 

The foregoing description of the Master Option Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Master Option Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.6 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Master Construction Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, U.S. Home, Lennar Homes Holding, CalAtlantic and the Millrose Entities entered into a Master Construction Agreement (the Master Construction Agreement). The Master Construction Agreement governs the applicable Lennar Partys obligation to perform construction services in order to complete the Work (as defined in the Master Construction Agreement). Work consists generally of the construction of certain roads, sidewalks, fencing, sewers, drainage curbs, gutters, grading, retaining walls, landscaping, water lines and utility lines within, and adjacent to, the Homesites, and any physical improvements to common areas within the Property (excluding any improvements which are of a vertical nature and home construction). Except for Work to be performed by third parties, Lennar will be solely responsible for and have control over construction means, methods, techniques, sequences and procedures and for coordinating all portions of the Work and be responsible to the Millrose Entities for any acts or omissions of its employees, subcontractors and their agents and employees and all other persons performing portions of the Work. The Lennar Party must use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Work by the completion date set forth in the applicable project addendum. 

The Millrose Entities will pay all costs actually incurred by the applicable Lennar Party in the performance of the Work and its obligations under the Master Construction Agreement, up to the contract sum specified in the applicable budget specified in the Master Construction Agreement and applicable project addendum. The applicable Lennar Party is solely responsible for any cost overruns unless a consultant determines otherwise. Consultant fees will be allocated to the party whose position is not upheld. The Millrose Entities will not be responsible for paying certain costs incurred in performing the Work, including the Lennar Partys employee salaries, overhead, development fees, capital expenses, or costs resulting from the Lennar Partys knowing and willful misconduct and gross negligence. 

The applicable Lennar Party will receive progress payments based on submitted applications and certificates. Final payment will be made when (i) the Lennar Party achieves completion of the Work, (ii) a complete final application for payment is submitted, (iii) the Lennar Party has submitted acceptable evidence to the Millrose Entities of the receipt of any final inspection and approval of the Work from all applicable authorities, (iv) if the applicable Option terminates prior to the Lennar Party having acquired all the Homesites, a soils compaction report is delivered, (v) if the Millrose Entities still own unpurchased Homesites, the Millrose Entities have received a conditional lien waiver and release from the Lennar Party and certain subcontractors relating to all Work for which final payment is being made, an unconditional lien waiver and release from the Lennar Party and certain subcontractors relating to all Work performed for which payments have previously been made and such other invoices or documentation as the Millrose Entities may reasonably request, provided, however, that in lieu of such lien releases, the Lennar Party may instead deliver to the Millrose Entities a certificate confirming that the applicable contractors and/or subcontractor have been or will be paid and (vi) if the applicable Option terminates prior to Lennar having acquired all of the Homesites, the Millrose Entities have received certified as-built plans pertaining to all improvements constructed in connection with the Work. 

If the Millrose Entities breach the Master Construction Agreement by failing to pay, Lennar may offset amounts owed against its obligations under the Master Option Agreement and applicable project addendum, exercise lien rights, pursue legal recourse against Owner to recover delinquent amounts due and owing to Lennar, and/or terminate the Master Construction Agreement. If a Lennar Party breaches the Master Construction Agreement, the Millrose Entities may deduct costs for deficiencies, require the Lennar Party to complete the Work at its expense, or take over the site and complete the Work using other contractors. 

The foregoing description of the Master Construction Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Master Construction Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.7 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Multiparty Cross Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, certain Lennar Parties and certain Millrose Parties entered into (and from time to time, such parties will enter into) several Multiparty Cross Agreements (the Multiparty Cross Agreement), each in connection with the establishment of a pool with respect to certain Admitted Properties pursuant to the Master Program Agreement, Master Option Agreement, Master Construction Agreement and the applicable project addendum. 

Each Multiparty Cross Agreement establishes cross-termination rights for pools of Admitted Properties (the Pool Properties). In the event of the termination of a Purchase Option with respect to a Pool Property for any reason other than as a result of a default by the Millrose Parties without the applicable Lennar Party acquiring all Homesites on such Pool Property, then the applicable Millrose Party will have the right, but not the obligation, to terminate the Purchase Option with respect to any other Pool Property owned by such Millrose Party and recover from the Lennar Party. If the Purchase Option for a Pool Property has been terminated due to the Lennar Partys default under the Master Option Agreement, then the Millrose Party will be entitled to pursue its rights and remedies under the Master Option Agreement, but the Lennar Party will not be deemed to be in default with respect to any other Pool Properties. 

If a Lennar Partys default under the Master Option Agreement with respect to a Pool Property (i) cannot be cured by the payment of money owed to the Millrose Party in connection with such Property, (ii) is not within the Lennar Partys reasonable control to cure within the time period requirement under the Master Option Agreement and (iii) is limited to a particular Pool Property and the applicable Millrose Party elects to terminate the Option with respect to such Admitted Property as a result of such default, such Lennar Party may elect to consummate a bulk sale of the defaulted Property without being required to enter into a bulk sale with respect to any other Pool Property. This will resolve the default without triggering cross-termination rights for other Properties, and any previously exercised cross termination rights will be nullified. 

The foregoing description of the Multiparty Cross Agreements is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Multiparty Cross Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.8 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Credit Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose Properties, Inc. (for purposes of this section only, the Borrower) entered into a credit agreement with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent for the lenders (the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility with commitments in an aggregate amount of $1.335 billion. Availability under the Credit Agreement is subject to a borrowing base updated quarterly (or, at the Borrowers option, monthly), which is calculated by reference to the value of certain real property assets, with advance rates that vary by asset category, and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, with adjustments as specified in the Credit Agreement. The revolving credit facility may be used by the Borrower to borrow loans or obtain standby letters of credit. 

Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin at the per annum rate of (i) 2.00%, if the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to 0.30 to 1.00, (ii) 2.25% if Leverage Ratio is greater than 0.30 to 1.00 and less than or equal to 0.40 to 1.00, and (iii) 2.50% if the Leverage Ratio is greater than 0.40 to 1.00. At the Borrowers option, loans may instead bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin at the per annum rate of 1.00%, 1.25% or 1.50%, depending upon the Leverage Ratio. 

Obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by pledges by the Borrower of (i) the Promissory Note (as defined below) and (ii) the equity interests of Millrose Holdings. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Borrower to pledge (i) certain future promissory notes similar to the Promissory Note that Millrose may enter into with future subsidiaries and (ii) the equity interests of any future subsidiaries whose equity interests are not pledged for the benefit of the Promissory Note or any other similar promissory note or notes. 

As of the Distribution Date, there are no guarantors under the Credit Agreement. In certain circumstances, the Credit Agreement requires the Borrower to cause certain future subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Taxable REIT Subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to become guarantors. 

The Credit Agreement includes affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Borrower and its subsidiaries, including limitations regarding indebtedness, liens, dividends and other restricted payments, investments, asset sales, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements, mergers and other fundamental changes, permitted lines of business, financial contracts, and designation of unrestricted subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants, tested quarterly, consisting of a maximum Leverage Ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, and a minimum tangible net worth. The Credit Agreement also requires the Borrower to maintain its status as a REIT. 

The Credit Agreement contains events of default, including if Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC shall cease to be the Borrowers manager and a replacement manager reasonably acceptable to the required lenders is not appointed within 90 days. 

The Credit Agreement is scheduled to mature on February 7, 2028. 

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.9 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Promissory Note 

As part of a recapitalization of Millrose Holdings prior to the Distribution, on February 6, 2025, Millrose Holdings issued to Millrose (for purposes of this section only, Lender) a promissory note (the Promissory Note) in an initial principal amount of $4,773,796,077 that was executed by Millrose Holdings and each of the 31 LLC subsidiaries of Millrose Holdings, which were formed by Lennar for the purpose of holding the Initial Properties and the Supplemental Transferred Assets and any Future Property Assets acquired pursuant to the Master Program Agreement (collectively, the Property LLCs) (for purposes of this section only, Millrose Holdings and the Property LLCs, collectively, Note Borrower). The Promissory Note is secured by the Mortgages (as defined and described below) and by a pledge by Millrose Holdings of 100% of its membership interests in each Property LLC. Millrose will have the right to advance additional amounts to Note Borrower to increase the principal balance and for each additional advance, Note Borrower and Millrose will negotiate in good faith to determine the interest rate applicable to such additional advance. 

Interest on the Promissory Note will be due and payable monthly in arrears on the first business day of each month and will bear interest at a rate of 7.5% per annum, compounded quarterly. The principal amount of the Promissory Note and all accrued but unpaid interest will be paid in full on the last day of the calendar month that contains the five year anniversary of the Promissory Note; provided, however, that the maturity date will automatically be extended for a period of one year commencing on the first day following the then-applicable maturity date on each subsequent maturity date unless either Millrose or Millrose Holdings has provided written notice at least 180 days prior to the then-applicable maturity date that such maturity shall not be extended. 

During a Pause Period, Note Borrower may elect for a portion of the interest payable under the Promissory Note to accrue and be added to the principal balance on the applicable payment date rather than being paid in cash to Millrose (for purposes of this section only, the PIK Interest). The amount of interest that Note Borrower may elect to become PIK Interest may be no greater than the amount by which the Monthly Option Payment is reduced because it is calculated based on the fixed rate equal to 50% of the Applicable Rate for the applicable Property (the Pause Rate) as opposed to the Applicable Rate during the Pause Period. After such an election, interest will accrue on the aggregate principal balance (including the PIK Interest) at the interest rate on the Promissory Note. 

The Promissory Note contains certain events of default (for purposes of this section only, a Note Event of Default), upon which the principal balance, as well as any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall automatically mature and be due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, diligence, protest, notice of acceleration, or other notice of any kind, which Note Borrower expressly waives. 

The foregoing description of the Promissory Note is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Promissory Note, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.10 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Mortgages 

In connection with the Promissory Note, on February 6, 2025, each of the Property LLCs delivered fully executed mortgages with respect to the Homesites that they own in favor of Millrose to secure the Promissory Note (the Mortgages). The Mortgages will not be recorded initially, but each Property LLC is required to comply with Millroses request to amend the Mortgages so that they may be recorded if Millrose so requests. 

The Homesites covered by the Mortgages will automatically be released from the applicable Mortgage upon (a) payment in full of the Promissory Note or (b) the occurrence of a closing of such Homesite in accordance with the Master Option Agreement. Additionally, any new real property that the Property LLCs acquire while any portion of the Promissory Note remains unpaid or unsatisfied shall automatically be subject to the lien of the Mortgages. 

The foregoing description of the Mortgages is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Mortgage, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.11 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Pledge and Security Agreement 

In connection with the Promissory Note, Millrose Holdings entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with Millrose on February 6, 2025 (the Pledge and Security Agreement), pursuant to which Millrose Holdings pledged a first priority perfected, continuing security interest in and lien on 100% of its membership interests in each Property LLC and in all proceeds thereof (for purposes of this section only, the Pledged Collateral) as collateral for Note Borrowers performance of its obligations under the Promissory Note and Mortgage. Except during the continuance of a Note Event of Default, Note Borrower will have the right to receive all distributions, interest and proceeds in respect of the Pledged Collateral. 

The foregoing description of the Pledge and Security Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Pledge and Security Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.12 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Payment and Performance Guaranty 

In connection with the Master Program Agreement, the Master Option Agreement, the Master Construction Agreement and any related project addenda, on the Distribution Date, Millrose and Lennar entered into a payment and performance guaranty (the Payment and Performance Guaranty) in favor of Millrose and its affiliates (for purposes of this section only, the Guaranty Owner Parties), under which Lennar irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees (i) the full punctual payment when due of any payment obligations of any of Lennars divisions and subsidiaries to Millrose under the Master Program Agreement and the Master Option Agreement and (ii) the full and punctual payment and performance of the payment and construction obligations of any of Lennars divisions and subsidiaries to the Guaranty Owner Parties under the Master Construction Agreement. If such obligations are not paid, or with respect to the Master Construction Agreement performed, Lennar will make such payments or perform such obligations after written demand by Millrose to Lennar. The Payment and Performance Guaranty is a guaranty of payment, and with respect to the Master Construction Agreement of performance, and not merely a guaranty of collection or collectability. 

The Payment and Performance Guaranty is continuing, unlimited, absolute and unconditional and survives the termination of the Master Program Agreement, the Master Option Agreement, the Master Construction Agreement and any related project addenda until (i) termination of any such documents pursuant to its terms due to Millroses or any Guaranty Owner Partys default thereunder or (ii) Lennars obligations described above are fully and indefeasibly paid and performed. 

The foregoing description of the Payment and Performance Guaranty is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Payment and Performance Guaranty, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.13 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Recognition, Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement 

On the Distribution Date, U.S. Home, Lennar Homes Holding and CalAtlantic (for purposes of this section only, Builder), Millrose, Millrose Holdings and each Property LLC entered into the Recognition, Subordination, and Non-Disturbance Agreement (the Recognition Agreement), pursuant to which Builder subordinates its rights, title, claims and interests in, to and under the Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement to the lien of the Mortgages and the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Recognition Agreement, Millrose has agreed, if Millrose acquires any Property or collateral pledged under the Pledge and Security Agreement as a result of Millroses exercise of any remedies under the Promissory Note, Mortgages and Pledge and Security Agreement (for purposes of this section only, the Loan Documents): (i) to perform Millrose Holdings obligations under the Loan Documents; (ii) to take no action that would prevent or be inconsistent with Builders exercise of its rights under the Recognition Agreement and the Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement and (iii) if requested by Builder, to (a) execute any documents that are to be signed by a Note Borrower, (b) release any Mortgage or security interest under the Pledge and Security Agreement with respect to any common areas of streets created or dedicated in connection with the development of the Property and (c) subordinate any Mortgage or security interest under the Pledge and Security Agreement to any easement or declaration granted or created in connection with the development of the Property. In addition, upon the consummation of a Closing (as defined in the Master Option Agreement) with respect to all or any portion of a Homesite or any closing of a homesite that is part of a Property pursuant to an option agreement similar in nature to the Master Option Agreement, the estate granted by the Mortgage with respect to such Property will automatically terminate and be void. 

Millrose has agreed to notify Builder at least ten business days before commencing a foreclosure with respect to a Mortgage or the pledge and to send a notice to Builder within ten business days after such commencement granting Builder the right, which shall be exercisable for not less than 30 business days from the date of Millroses notice, to purchase Millrose Holdings obligation to pay Millrose pursuant to the Promissory Note upon, and for no consideration other than, payments of all amounts due and owing by Millrose Holdings under the Promissory Note. 

If a bankruptcy proceeding is commenced by or against Millrose Holdings, Millrose will not take action that would adversely affect (i) Builders rights under the Recognition Agreement, (ii) in any material respect Builders rights under the Master Option Agreement or Master Construction Agreement or (iii) Builders right to assert a claim in bankruptcy as a creditor or interested party, without Builders prior written consent. 

The Recognition Agreement will terminate upon the (a) full, final and indefeasible payment of all amounts due under the Loan Documents and (b) the satisfaction in full of all of Property LLCs obligations under the Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Recognition Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Recognition Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.14 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Indemnification Agreements 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose entered into an indemnification agreement (each, an Indemnification Agreement) with each of its executive officers and directors. The terms of each Indemnification Agreement provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and supplement the existing indemnification protections afforded under Maryland law and pursuant to Millroses Amended and Restated Bylaws and Articles of Amendment and Restatement (each as defined below). Each Indemnification Agreement contains customary terms and conditions and establish certain customary procedures and presumptions. 

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.15 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K under the headings Credit Agreement, Promissory Note, Mortgages, Pledge and Security Agreement, Payment and Performance Guaranty, and Recognition, Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

In connection with the Spin Off, Millrose issued the Retained Shares to Lennar. The Retained Shares were issued in reliance on the exemption contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), on the basis that the transaction did not involve a public offering. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in Item 5.03 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.03. 

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in Items 1.01 and 5.02 of this 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.01. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Resignation and Election of Directors 

On January 17, 2025, the date Millroses Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (File No. 333-283883) (the Registration Statement) was declared effective by the SEC, the members of Board of Directors of Millrose (the Board) consisted of Diane Bessette and Mark Sustana. Effective as of the Distribution Date, each of Diane Bessette and Mark Sustana resigned from their positions as directors on the Board. On the Distribution Date, the Board was expanded to five directors and each of Carlos A. Migoya, Patrick Bartels, Matthew B. Gorson, Kathleen B. Lynch and M. Alison Mincey was elected to serve as a director on the Board until the next annual meeting of Millroses stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 

Effective as of the Distribution Date: 

Patrick Bartels, Kathleen B. Lynch and Carlos A. Migoya were appointed as members of the audit committee of the Board (the Audit Committee), with Patrick Bartels, an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations, serving as the chair of the Audit Committee. 

Patrick Bartels, Kathleen B. Lynch and M. Alison Mincey were appointed as members of the compensation committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee), with M. Alison Mincey serving as the chair of the Compensation Committee. 

Carlos A. Migoya, Matthew B. Gorson and M. Alison Mincey were appointed as members of the nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board (the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee), with Matthew B. Gorson serving as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Director Compensation 

Each independent director will be entitled to receive cash and equity compensation for service on the Board as follows: 

an annual equity retainer of either restricted shares of Class A Common Stock or restricted stock units covering shares of Class A Common Stock, in each case, having a grant date fair value equal to $150,000; 

an annual cash retainer of $80,000; 

an additional annual cash retainer of $40,000, $20,000 and $10,000 for service as chairperson of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, respectively, and an additional annual cash retainer of $15,000, $10,000 and $7,500 for service as a member (other than as a chairperson) of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, respectively; and 

an additional $50,000 annual cash retainer for the chair of the Board. 

Millrose also expects to reimburse all members of the Board for their reasonable expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings. Millrose expects that all cash compensation for directors will be covered by the Management Fee and will not be separately paid by Millrose, in accordance with the Management Agreement. To the extent any portion of directors compensation consists of equity, such awards would need to be approved by the Compensation Committee or the Board and separately issued pursuant to a Millrose equity compensation plan. 

Officer Appointments 

Effective as of the Distribution Date, the following individuals are now serving as executive officers of Millrose in the positions noted below: 

Name 

Age 

Position

Darren L. Richman 53 Chief Executive Officer and President

Garett Rosenblum 51 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Robert Nitkin 37 Chief Operating Officer

Rachel Presa 45 General Counsel and Secretary

Adil Pasha 32 Chief Technology Officer

Executive Officer Biographies 

Darren L. Richman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Darren L. Richman is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Millrose. Mr. Richman co-founded Kennedy Lewis with David Kennedy Chene in 2017, and is Co-Managing Partner of the firm. Mr. Richman was formerly a Senior Managing Director with The Blackstone Group from 2006 to 2016, where he focused on special situation and opportunistic investments, and he sat on the Investment Committee for GSO Capital Partners LPs opportunistic credit funds and special situation funds. Before joining GSO Capital Partners, Mr. Richman worked at DiMaio Ahmad Capital, where he was a Founding Member and the Co-Head of its Investment Research Team, from 2003 to 2006. Prior to joining DiMaio Ahmad Capital LLC, Mr. Richman was a Vice President and Senior Special Situations Analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co, from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Richman began his career with Deloitte & Touche LLP, ultimately serving as a Manager in the firms Mergers and Acquisitions Services Group, from 1994 to 1999. He was formerly a Certified Public Accountant and a Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Richman currently serves on the board of directors of Outward Bound USA and The Eastman Kodak Company. He is a member of the Economic Club of New York and formerly served on its strategic planning committee. 

Garett Rosenblum, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Garett Rosenblum is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Millrose. Previously, Mr. Rosenblum served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Safehold Inc., and its predecessor iStar Inc., both publicly traded REITs, for ten years. Prior to joining iStar, Mr. Rosenblum served as the Chief Accounting Officer at Arbor Realty Trust, also a publicly traded REIT. Mr. Rosenblum served as Director of Accounting at Citi Property Investors, a division of Citigroup, for six years. Mr. Rosenblum also spent six years at Ernst and Young LLP where he served both publicly traded real estate clients and private equity real estate funds. Mr. Rosenblum is a graduate of the St. Johns University School of Law where he earned his Juris Doctor degree. He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in both Finance and Public Relations from Syracuse University. Mr. Rosenblum is a member of the New York State Bar and is a Certified Public Accountant in New York. 

Robert Nitkin, Chief Operating Officer 

Robert Nitkin is the Chief Operating Officer of Millrose. Mr. Nitkin joined Kennedy Lewis in 2020 and is a Managing Director focused on the firms activities across the Real Estate and Homebuilding sectors. Mr. Nitkin was formerly an investment principal at GPS Investment Partners (GPS), an institutional investment firm, where he was responsible for evaluating and executing transactions across GPSs credit and private equity investment strategies. Prior to joining GPS in 2015, Mr. Nitkin was an Associate in the Securities Division at Goldman Sachs & Co. Previously, he worked at Ernst and Young LLP as a member of the Transaction Advisory group. Mr. Nitkin earned his undergraduate degree from the Cornell University School of Engineering and holds an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. 

Rachel Presa, General Counsel and Secretary 

Rachel Presa is the General Counsel and Secretary of Millrose. Ms. Presa joined Kennedy Lewis in 2021 and is a Managing Director who has served in various legal capacities across the firm. Ms. Presa has 14 years of experience representing and advising investment funds, financial institutions, and other clients in legal and compliance matters, including regulatory investigations and enforcement, civil litigation, and bankruptcy and restructuring. Ms. Presa was formerly Senior Counsel at the law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP from 2010 to 2021. Prior to her legal career, Ms. Presa taught English and writing in public high schools in North Carolina and Maryland. Ms. Presa served on the Junior Advisory Board of Her Justice from 2019 2022. Ms. Presa has a B.A. from Goucher College and earned her J.D. at New York University School of Law. 

Adil Pasha, Chief Technology Officer 

Adil Pasha is the Chief Technology Officer of Millrose. Mr. Pasha is a Director at Kennedy Lewis and has been responsible for managing the firms technology and analytics capabilities since 2022. Mr. Pasha was formerly a Data Scientist at Schonfeld Strategic Advisors LLC, a multi-strategy hedge fund, where he was responsible for the funds performance reporting from 2021 to 2022. Prior to joining Schonfeld Strategic Advisors LLC, Mr. Pasha was a Product Manager focused on designing and building accounting/financial applications from 2020 to 2021. Mr. Pasha started his career in consulting at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in 2017. Mr. Pasha has a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is a Certified Public Accountant. 

None of the directors and executive officers have family relationships with any member of the Board or any executive officer of Millrose. None of the directors is a party to any transactions that would be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Darren L. Richman is the Co-Founder,Co-Portfolio Manager and Co-Managing Partner of Kennedy Lewis, the parent company and an affiliate of the Manager. Each of the other executive officers of the Company are employees of Kennedy Lewis. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors or any other person and Millrose pursuant to which the appointees were appointed to serve in his or her respective role. 

Millrose is externally managed by the Manager, Millrose has no employees and Millrose does not separately pay compensation to the individuals serving as its executive officers. The executive officers were provided and recommended by the Manager, and appointed by Millroses board, to serve in their respective roles. For a description of the Managers compensation, see Management Agreement in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02. 

2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On the Distribution Date, the Millrose Properties, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2024 Incentive Plan) became effective, which was previously approved by the Board and Millroses then sole stockholder on December 17, 2024. 

The purpose of the 2024 Incentive Plan is to assist Millrose in attracting, retaining, motivating and rewarding certain employees, officers, directors and consultants of Millrose and its affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for stockholders of Millrose by closely aligning the interests of participants with those of stockholders. The 2024 Incentive Plan is administered by the Board, the Compensation Committee, or such other committee appointed by the Board to administer the 2024 Incentive Plan. The 2024 Incentive Plan authorizes the award of stock options (including incentive stock options as defined under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code), restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other stock-based awards, subject to certain share limitations as described in the 2024 Incentive Plan. All awards under the 2024 Incentive Plan will be set forth in award agreements, which will detail the terms and conditions of the awards, including any applicable vesting and payment terms and post-termination exercise limitations. 

Millrose reserved 11,620,019 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance under the 2024 Incentive Plan. The aggregate maximum value of all awards granted under the 2024 Incentive Plan (determined as of the date of grant) to any non-employee director of Millrose during any one calendar year, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director for service as a non-employee director during such calendar year, will not exceed $750,000. The independent members of the Board or the Compensation Committee may determine to make an exception to this limit, provided that the director for whom the exception is sought does not participate in such determination. 

In the event of changes in the outstanding Class A Common Stock or in the capital structure of Millrose by reason of stock dividends, extraordinary cash dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations, combinations, exchanges or other relevant changes in capitalization, in connection with any extraordinary dividend declared and paid in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock, in the event of any change in applicable laws or circumstances or as otherwise set forth in the 2024 Incentive Plan, in each case, that results in or could result in, in either case, as determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion, any substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted to, or available for, participants in the 2024 Incentive Plan, awards shall be equitably and proportionally adjusted or substituted, as determined by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, as to the number, price or kind of a share of Class A Common Stock, other securities or other consideration subject to such awards. 

Generally, except as otherwise provided by the Compensation Committee in an award agreement or otherwise, in connection with certain corporate events, including but not limited to a change in control (as defined in the 2024 Incentive Plan), the Compensation Committee may provide for any one or more of the following (i) the assumption or substitution of any or all awards in connection therewith, with awards that vest based on performance criteria being deemed earned at the target level (or if no target is specified, the maximum level) and converted into solely service-based vesting awards, (ii) the acceleration of vesting of any or all awards not assumed or substituted in connection with the corporate event (with vesting of performance-based awards deemed earned 

at the target level (or if no target is specified, the maximum level), unless otherwise specified in the applicable award agreement), (iii) the cancellation of any or all awards not assumed or substituted in connection with such corporate event (whether vested or unvested) together with the payment to participants holding vested awards so canceled of an amount in respect of cancellation based on the per-share consideration being paid for the Class A Common Stock in connection with such corporate event, (iv) the cancellation or any or all options, stock appreciation rights and other awards subject to exercise not assumed or substituted in connection with any such corporate event (whether vested or unvested) after providing the holder thereof with a period of at least ten days to exercise such awards and (v) the replacement of any and all awards (subject to certain limitations) with a cash incentive program that preserves the value of the awards so replaced. 

The foregoing description of the 2024 Incentive Plan is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 2024 Incentive Plan, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.16 and is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

Item 5.03 

Amendment to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year 

On February 6, 2025, Millrose amended and restated its Articles of Incorporation by filing its Articles of Amendment and Restatement with the Secretary of State of the State of Maryland (the Articles of Amendment and Restatement). On the Distribution Date, Millrose amended and restated its Bylaws (the Amended and Restated Bylaws). Copies of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement and the Amended and Restated Bylaws are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The descriptions and forms of the Articles of Amendment and Restatement and Amended and Restated Bylaws are substantially the same as the descriptions set forth in and forms filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On the Distribution Date, Millrose and Lennar issued a joint press release announcing the completion of the Spin Off and the start of Millroses operations as an independent public company. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information furnished herewith pursuant to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number Description of Exhibit

3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Millrose Properties, Inc., dated February 6, 2025. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Millrose Properties, Inc., dated February 7, 2025. 

10.1+ Management Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and between Millrose Properties, Inc. and Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC. 

10.2 Founders Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC and CalAtlantic Group, LLC. 

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and between Lennar Corporation and Millrose Properties, Inc. 

10.4 Sublicense Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and between Lennar-Millrose HOPPR, LLC and Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC. 

10.5 Master Program Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among Millrose Properties, Inc., U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC. 

10.6 Master Option Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among Millrose Properties, Inc., Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC. 

10.7 Master Construction Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among Millrose Properties, Inc., Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC. 

10.8 Form of Multiparty Cross Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among certain Lennar parties and certain Millrose parties. 

10.9 Credit Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among Millrose Properties, Inc., as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 

10.10 Promissory Note, dated February 6, 2025, issued by Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC and each of the Property LLCs, in favor of Millrose Properties, Inc. 

10.11 Form of Mortgage, dated February 6, 2025, by and between each Property LLC and Millrose Properties, Inc. 

10.12 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated February 6, 2025, by and between Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC and Millrose Properties, Inc. 

10.13 Payment and Performance Guaranty, dated February 7, 2025, by Lennar Corporation in favor of Millrose Properties, Inc. and each of its affiliates party thereto. 

10.14 Recognition, Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement, dated February 7, 2025, by and among U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, CalAtlantic Group, LLC, Millrose Properties, Inc., Millrose Holdings, LLC and each Property LLC. 

10.15 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors and Officers). 

10.16+ Millrose Properties, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

99.1 Press Release dated February 7, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

+ 

Identifies management contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements. 

Certain schedules, annexes and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon the request of the SEC. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

Date: February 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ Garett Rosenblum

Name: Garett Rosenblum

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d760441dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC. 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 

FIRST: Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), desires to amend and restate its charter as
currently in effect and as hereinafter amended. 

SECOND: The following provisions are all the provisions of the charter currently
in effect and as hereinafter amended: 

ARTICLE I 

INCORPORATOR 

Mark
Sustana, whose address is 5505 Waterford District Drive, Miami, FL 33126, being at least 18 years of age, formed a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland on March 19, 2024. 

ARTICLE II 

NAME

The name of the corporation (the Corporation) is: 

Millrose Properties, Inc. 

ARTICLE III 

PURPOSE

The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity (including, without limitation or
obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute (the Code)) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of
Maryland as now or hereafter in force. For purposes of the charter of the Corporation (the Charter), REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or any successor provisions. 

ARTICLE IV 

PRINCIPAL
OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT 

The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is c/o Corporate
Creations Network Inc., 2 Wisconsin Circle #700, Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815. The name of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is Corporate Creations Network Inc., whose post address is 2 Wisconsin Circle #700, Chevy Chase,
Maryland 20815.The resident agent is a Maryland corporation. 

ARTICLE V 

PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING 

AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE 

CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Numberof Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the
direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation as of the date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement shall be two (2), which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the
bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL). The names of the directors who shall serve until the first annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualify are: 

Mark Sustana 

Diane Bessette 

Any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

The Corporation elects, effective at such time as it becomes eligible under Section 3-802 of the
MGCL to make the election provided for under Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of stock, any and all
vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors remaining in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for
the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

Section 5.2 Extraordinary Actions. Except for any greater vote or separate class vote as specifically provided in Section 5.8
(relating to removal of directors), Section 6.2.1 (relating to a separate vote of the holders of the Class B Common Stock) or Article VIII (relating to amendments), notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring any action to
be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of
stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Section 5.3 Authorization by Board
of Stock Issuance. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its
stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend or for the purpose of qualifying as a
REIT under the Code), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws. 

PAGE 2 

Section 5.4 Preemptive and Appraisal Rights. Except as may be provided by the
Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 6.4 or as may otherwise be provided by a contract approved by the Board of Directors, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation
shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell. Holders of shares of stock shall not be entitled to
exercise any rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute unless the Board of Directors upon such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Board of Directors, determines that
such rights will apply, with respect to all or any shares of all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be
entitled to exercise such rights. 

Section 5.5 Indemnification and Advance of Expenses. The Corporation shall have the power,
to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to obligate itself to indemnify, and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, (a) any individual who is a present or
former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, a proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the
Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, member, manager, partner or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or any other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The Corporation shall have the power, with the approval of the Board
of Directors, to provide such indemnification and advance of expenses to a person who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a
predecessor of the Corporation. 

Section 5.6 Determinations by Board. The determination as to any of the following matters,
made by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock: the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the
amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, acquisition of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock; the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other
surplus, cash flow, funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or
decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been set aside, paid or discharged); any
interpretation or resolution of any ambiguity with respect to any provision of the Charter (including any of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other
distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation) or of the Bylaws; the number of authorized 

PAGE 3 

or outstanding shares of stock of any class or series of the Corporation; the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held
by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation; any matter relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of any assets by the Corporation; any interpretation of the terms and conditions of one or more agreements with any
individual, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other entity; the compensation of directors, officers, employees or agents of the Corporation; or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the
Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or the Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Section 5.7 REIT Qualification. If the Corporation elects to qualify for federal income tax treatment as a REIT, the Board of
Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of the Corporation as a REIT; however, if the Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the
Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT, the Board of Directors may by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of its members revoke or otherwise terminate the Corporations REIT election
pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation to cease to qualify as a REIT. The Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, also may by the affirmative vote of
two-thirds of its members (a) determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership and transfers set forth in Article VII is no longer required for REIT qualification and
(b) make any other determination or take any other action pursuant to Article VII. 

Section 5.8 Removal of Directors.
Subject to the rights of holders of shares of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock (as defined below) to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but
only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 

Section 5.9 Advisor Agreements. Subject to such approval of stockholders and other conditions, if any, as may be required by any
applicable statute, rule or regulation, the Board of Directors may authorize the execution and performance by the Corporation of one or more agreements with any individual, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general)
or other organization whereby, subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, any such other person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other organization shall render or make available
to the Corporation managerial, investment, advisory and/or related services, office space and other services and facilities (including, if deemed advisable by the Board of Directors, the management or supervision of the investments of the
Corporation) upon such terms and conditions as may be provided in such agreement or agreements (including, if deemed fair and equitable by the Board of Directors, in its absolute discretion, the compensation payable thereunder by the Corporation).

PAGE 4 

ARTICLE VI 

STOCK 

Section 6.1
Authorized Shares. The Corporation has authority to issue 500,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 450,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (Common Stock), of which 275,000,000 shares are classified as
Class A Common Stock and 175,000,000 shares are classified as Class B Common Stock, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share (Preferred Stock). The aggregate par value of all
authorized shares of stock having par value is $5,000,000. If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of stock pursuant to Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 of this Article VI, the number of authorized
shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of
stock of all classes that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. The Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire
Board and without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Corporation
has authority to issue. 

Section 6.2 Common Stock. 

Section 6.2.1 Voting.Subject to the provisions of Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter,
with respect to all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote, the holders of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock will vote together without regard to
class. With respect to all matters upon which the holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote, including where the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together without regard to class, each holder of record of Class A
Common Stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held in the holders name, and each holder of record of Class B Common Stock will be entitled to ten votes for each share of Class B Common Stock
held in the holders name, except when voting together with the holders of the Class A Common Stock, each holder of record of Class B Common Stock will be entitled to the greater of: (a) ten votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held in
the holders name or (b) that number of votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held in the holders name that would entitle the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock to cast, in the aggregate, 35% of the votes entitled to be
cast on the matter. So long as any shares of Class B Common Stock are outstanding, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets or other business combination requiring stockholder approval under
Maryland law must be approved (a) by the holders of a majority in voting power of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together without regard to class, and (b) a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast
on the matter by holders of Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a class. So long as any shares of Class B Common Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding, voting separately as a class (and no other vote of the stockholders shall be required), issue additional shares of Class B Common Stock other
than dividends or other distributions paid with shares of Class B Common Stock solely to holders of Class B Common Stock. 

PAGE 5 

Section 6.2.2 Dividends and Distributions. Each dividend or distribution
made to the holders of either class of Common Stock in cash or otherwise will be payable or distributable to the holders of the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock without regard to class, except that in the case of dividends
or other distributions paid with shares of Common Stock, the stock distributed with respect to the Class A Common Stock will be additional shares of Class A Common Stock and the stock distributed with respect to the Class B Common
Stock will be additional shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Section 6.2.3 Conversion.Each outstanding share of
Class B Common Stock shall convert, automatically and without any further action required, into a share of Class A Common Stock upon the approval of the conversion, in whole, but not in part, of all shares of Class B Common Stock then
outstanding by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (the Triggering Event). Further, upon the occurrence of the Triggering Event, all authorized but unissued shares of Class B Common Stock
will be reclassified, automatically and without any further action required, into additional authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock. Shares of Class A Common Stock converted from shares of Class B Common Stock shall be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock. As promptly as practicable after the Triggering Event, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to each holder of shares of Class B Common Stock
so converted, a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which his, her or its shares of Class B Common Stock were converted (or shall cause the issuance of shares of Class A Common
Stock to be reflected in the Corporations stock ledger, if the Class A Common Stock is uncertificated). 

Section 6.2.4
Other Rights. Except as otherwiseprovided in the Charter, or provided by law, each share of Class A Common Stock and each share of Class B Common Stock will have identical powers, preferences and rights, including
rights in liquidation, and copies of all reports and other communications which are sent by the Corporation to all the holders of the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock must also be sent to all the holders of the other class.

Section 6.2.5 Reclassification. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time
to time into one or more classes or series of stock. 

Section 6.3 Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors may classify any
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any class or series from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock. 

Section 6.4 Classified or Reclassified Shares. Prior to the issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series
of stock, the Board of Directors by resolution shall: (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation; (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or
series; (c) set or change, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of 

PAGE 6 

stock of the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and
terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series; and (d) cause the Corporation to file applicable articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland. Any of the terms of any class or series of
stock set or changed pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.4 may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of
the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary or
other Charter document. 

Section 6.5 Action by Stockholders. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of
the holders of Common Stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors may be taken without a meeting by consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, in any manner and by any vote permitted by the MGCL and set forth in the Charter
or the Bylaws. 

Section 6.6 Charter and Bylaws. The rights of all stockholders and the terms of all stock of the Corporation
are subject to the provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws. 

Section 6.7 Distributions. Except as may otherwise be provided
in the terms of any class or series of Preferred Stock, in determining whether a distribution (other than upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) is permitted under Maryland law, amounts that would be needed, if the Corporation were to be
dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior to those receiving the distribution, shall not be added to the Corporations
total liabilities. 

ARTICLE VII 

RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 

Section 7.1 Definitions. For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit. The term Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9% percent in value of the aggregate of
the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 

Beneficial Ownership. The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest
in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(1)(B) of
the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 

PAGE 7 

Business Day. The term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a
Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

Capital Stock. The term Capital Stock shall mean all classes or series of stock of the Corporation, including, without
limitation, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 

Charitable Beneficiary. The term Charitable Beneficiary shall mean one
or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.6, provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction
under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. 

Common Stock Ownership Limit. The term Common Stock
Ownership Limit shall mean 9% percent in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors
in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. 

Constructive Ownership. The term Constructive Ownership shall
mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of
Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. The terms Constructive Owner, Constructively Owns and Constructively Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 

Excepted Holder. The term Excepted Holder shall mean (i) a stockholder of the Corporation for whom an Excepted Holder
Limit is created by the Charter or by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7, (ii) Stuart A. Miller and each member of his family (Miller Family) that would be treated as a stockholder of the Corporation pursuant to
Section 544(a)(2) of the Code or Section 318(a)(1)(A), whichever is more expansive, and (iii) any Person through which the Miller Family would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Capital Stock or that would be treated as
Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Capital stock through the Miller Family (such persons, the Miller Holders) 

Excepted Holder Limit. The term Excepted Holder Limit shall mean the percentage limit established by the Board of Directors
with regard to an Excepted Holder pursuant to Section 7.2.7; provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 and subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 7.2.7. An Excepted Holder Limit is hereby established permitting (i) the members of the Miller Family to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own up to 12.8%, in value or in number of shares, whichever is more
restrictive, of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or Capital Stock in the aggregate (the Miller Shares) and (ii) any other Miller Holder, but only in respect of the Miller Shares that are Beneficial Owned or Constructively
Owned by such Person. 

PAGE 8 

Initial Date. The term Initial Date shall mean the day immediately after
the spinoff by Lennar Corporation of the Corporation effected pursuant to a distribution by or on behalf of Lennar Corporation to its stockholders of shares of Common Stock. 

Market Price. The term Market Price on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding shares of
Capital Stock, the Closing Price for such Capital Stock on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Capital Stock, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Capital Stock, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Capital Stock
is not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Capital Stock is listed or
admitted to trading or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the principal automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Capital Stock is not quoted by any such system, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Capital Stock selected by the Board of Directors or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Capital Stock, the fair
market value of the Capital Stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

NYSE. The term NYSE shall mean the New
York Stock Exchange. 

Person. The term Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code,
association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and a group to which an Excepted Holder Limit applies. 

Prohibited Owner. The term Prohibited Owner shall
mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of this Article VII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, and if appropriate in the context,
shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 

Restriction Termination Date. The term Restriction Termination Date shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on
which the Board of Directors determines pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Charter that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and
limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of shares of Capital Stock set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Corporation to qualify as a REIT. 

PAGE 9 

Transfer. The term Transfer shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer,
gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event or other circumstance that causes any Person to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, or any agreement to take any such action or cause any such event or
other circumstance, of Capital Stock or the right to vote or receive dividends on Capital Stock, including (a) the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights
convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any interest in Capital Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (c) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or
Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms Transferring and
Transferred shall have the correlative meanings. 

Trust. The term Trust shall mean any trust provided for
in Section 7.3.1. 

Trustee. The term Trustee shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Corporation or with a
Prohibited Owner that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of the Trust. 

Section 7.2 Capital Stock. 

Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations. During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination
Date, but subject to Section 7.4: 

(a) Basic Restrictions. 

(i) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the
Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder. 

(ii) No Person shall
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation being closely held within the meaning of
Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT (including, without limitation, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive
Ownership that would result in the Corporation owning (actually or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if the income derived by the Corporation from such tenant would cause the
Corporation to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code). 

(iii) Any Transfer of shares of
Capital Stock that, if effective, would result in the Capital Stock being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void abinitio, and the intended
transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 

PAGE 10 

(b) Transfer in Trust. If any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock occurs which, if
effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), 

(i) then that number of shares of the Capital Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such
Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii)(rounded up to the nearest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of
business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares; or 

(ii) if the
Transfer to the Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), then the Transfer of that number of shares of Capital Stock that otherwise would
cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) shall be void abinitio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock. 

(iii) To the extent that, upon a Transfer of shares of Capital Stock pursuant to this Section 7.2.1(b), a violation of any provision of
this Article VII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of shares of Capital Stock by a single Trust would violate the 100 stockholder requirement applicable to REITs), then shares of Capital Stock shall be Transferred to
that number of Trusts, each having a distinct Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VII. 

Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach. If the Board of Directors shall at any time determine that a Transfer or other event has taken
place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not
such violation is intended), the Board of Directors shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares,
refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event; provided, however, that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of
Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void abinitio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of Directors. 

Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer. Any
Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of shares of Capital Stock that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a) or any Person who would have owned shares of Capital Stock that resulted
in a Transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written
notice, and shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporations status as a REIT. 

PAGE 11 

Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information. From the Initial Date and
prior to the Restriction Termination Date: 

(a) every owner of five percent or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or
the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Corporation stating the name and address of such owner, the number of
shares of Capital Stock Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Each such owner shall provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect,
if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Corporations status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit; and 

(b) each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Capital Stock and each Person (including the stockholder of record) who is
holding Capital Stock for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Corporation such information as the Corporation may request, in order to determine the Corporations status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of
any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 

Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited. Subject
to Section 5.7 of the Charter, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation in preserving the
Corporations status as a REIT. 

Section 7.2.6 Ambiguity. In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the
provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board of Directors may determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 or any such definition with
respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 requires an action by the Board of Directors and the Charter fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of
Directors may determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3. Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board of Directors, if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth
in Section 7.2.2) Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the shares of Capital Stock which, but for such remedies, would have been
Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such shares of Capital Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Capital Stock held by each such Person. 

PAGE 12 

Section 7.2.7 Exceptions. 

(a) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) and upon receipt of such representations and agreements as the Board of Directors may require, the
Board of Directors, may, by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of its members, exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a Person from the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as
the case may be, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person. 

(b) Prior to granting any exception pursuant to
Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, as it may deem necessary or advisable in
order to determine or ensure the Corporations status as a REIT. Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board of Directors may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting such
exception. 

(c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter which participates in a public offering, forward sale or a private
placement of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) in excess of the
Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, or both such limits, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering, forward sale or private placement. 

(d) The Board of Directors may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder: (1) with the written consent of such
Excepted Holder at any time, (2) unless the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder provide
otherwise, at any time after the Excepted Holder no longer Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit or (3) pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less
than whichever of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit is more restrictive. 

Section 7.2.8
Increase or Decrease in Common Stock Ownership or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limits. Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) and this Section 7.2.8, the Board of Directors may from time to time, by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of its members, increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for one or more Persons and increase or decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the
Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for all other Persons. No decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit will be effective for any Person whose percentage of ownership of Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased Common
Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, when it takes effect, until such time as such Persons percentage of ownership of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or
Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable; 

PAGE 13 

provided, however, any further acquisition of Capital Stock by any such Person (other than a Person for whom an exemption has been granted pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a) or an Excepted Holder)
in excess of the Capital Stock owned by such person on the date the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, became effective will be in violation of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate
Stock Ownership Limit. No increase to the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit may be approved if the new Common Stock Ownership Limit and/or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit would allow five or fewer Persons to
Beneficially Own, in the aggregate more than 49.9% in value of the outstanding Capital Stock. 

Section 7.2.9 Legend. Each
certificate for shares of Capital Stock, if certificated, shall bear substantially the following legend: 

The shares represented by this
certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose, among others, of the Corporations maintenance of its status as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporations Charter, (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the
Corporations Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Persons Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively
Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Persons Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (iii) no Person may Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own Capital Stock that would result in the Corporation being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation to fail to qualify as a REIT; and (iv) no Person may Transfer
shares of Capital Stock if such Transfer would result in the Capital Stock of the Corporation being owned by fewer than 100 Persons. Any Person who Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts or intends to Beneficially Own or Constructively
Own shares of Capital Stock which cause or will cause a Person to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations must immediately notify the Corporation. If any of the restrictions
on transfer or ownership provided in (i), (ii) or (iii) above are violated, the shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a Trust for the benefit of one or more
Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition, the Corporation may redeem shares upon the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion if the Board of Directors determines that

PAGE 14 

ownership or a Transfer or other event may violate the restrictions described above. Furthermore, if the ownership restrictions provided in (iv) above would be violated or upon the
occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void abinitio. All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Charter of the Corporation, as the same may
be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to any holder of shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation on request and without charge. Requests for such a copy may be
directed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office. 

Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate or any notice in
lieu of a certificate may state that the Corporation will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on ownership and transfer of the shares to a stockholder on request and without charge. 

Section 7.3 Transfer of Capital Stock in Trust. 

Section 7.3.1 Ownership in Trust. Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result
in a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust, such shares of Capital Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such Transfer to the
Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the Transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Trustee shall be appointed by the
Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 7.3.6. 

Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held by the Trustee. Shares of Capital Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding
shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no
rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust. 

Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Voting Rights. The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions
with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of
Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or other distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee.
Any dividend or other distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust and, subject to Maryland law,
effective as of the date that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustees sole and absolute 

PAGE 15 

discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust and
(ii) to recast such vote; provided, however, that if the Corporation has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article
VII, until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its stock transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of
stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes and determining the other rights of stockholders. 

Section 7.3.4 Sale of Shares by Trustee. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock
have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a Person or Persons, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in
Section 7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided
in this Section 7.3.4. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares
to be held in the Trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the
Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. The Trustee may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have
been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the
Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on
behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.4, such excess shall be paid to
the Trustee upon demand. 

Section 7.3.5 Purchase Right in Stock Transferred to the Trustee. Shares of Capital Stock
transferred to the Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Trust
(or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Corporation shall have the right to accept such offer
until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.4. Upon such a sale to the Corporation, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net
proceeds of the sale in accordance with Section 7.3.5. 

PAGE 16 

Section 7.3.6 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries. By written notice to the
Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries of the interest in the Trust such that (i) the shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust would not violate
the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries and (ii) each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such
organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. Neither the failure of the Corporation to make such designation nor the failure of the Corporation to appoint the Trustee before the
automatic transfer provided in Section 7.2.1(b) shall make such transfer ineffective, provided that the Corporation thereafter makes such designation and appointment. 

Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions. Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through
the facilities of the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Article VII and any
transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII. 

Section 7.5 Enforcement. The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to
enforce the provisions of this Article VII. 

Section 7.6 Non-Waiver. No delay or
failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board of Directors in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in
writing. 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENTS 

The
Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of
outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by
specific provision in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors (which, with regard to Section 5.7, Section 6.2.1, Section 7.2 and this Article VIII, will require the
affirmative vote of two-thirds of its members) and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast two-thirds of the voting power of all the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter by the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together without regard to class. At such time as there are no shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding, the stockholder
vote to approve any amendment to the charter will be the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

PAGE 17 

ARTICLE IX 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors or officers of a
corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other
provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or
adoption. 

THIRD: The amendment to and restatement of the charter as hereinabove set forth have been duly advised by the Board of
Directors and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law. 

FOURTH: The current address of the principal
office of the Corporation is as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 

FIFTH: The name
and address of the Corporations current resident agent are as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 

SIXTH: The number of directors of the Corporation and the names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article V of the
foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter. 

SEVENTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation had
authority to issue immediately prior to this amendment and restatement was 100 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share. The aggregate par value of all shares of stock having par value was $1.00. 

EIGHTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue pursuant to the foregoing amendment and
restatement of the charter is 500,000,000, consisting of 450,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which 275,000,000 shares are classified as Class A Common Stock and 175,000,000 shares are classified as
Class B Common Stock, and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share. The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $5,000,000. 

NINTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to
all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of his or her knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under
the penalties for perjury. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

PAGE 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement
to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and attested to by its Secretary on this 6th day of February, 2025. 

ATTEST: Millrose Properties, Inc. 

/s/ Mark Sustana By: 

/s/ Jon Jaffe (SEAL)

Name: Mark Sustana

Title:
Secretary 

Name: Jon Jaffe

Title: President 

PAGE 19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d760441dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES

Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE. The principal office of Millrose Properties, Inc. (the Corporation) in the State
of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) may designate. 

Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES. The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places
as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1. PLACE. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other
place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may determine that a meeting not be held at any place, but instead may be held partially or solely by means of remote
communication. In accordance with these Bylaws and subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, stockholders and proxy holders may participate in any meeting of stockholders held by means of remote communication and
may vote at such meeting as permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING. An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business
within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.
SPECIAL MEETINGS. 

(a) General. The chair of the board, president, chief executive officer or Board of Directors may call a
special meeting of the stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chair of the board, president, chief executive
officer or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, A special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly
be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage). 

(b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings. (1) Any stockholder of record
seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the Record Date Request Notice) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date
to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by
one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth
all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even
if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days
after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received,
fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary. 

(2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of
stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request) signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request
Record Date entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (i) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it
(which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (ii) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (iii) set
forth (A) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporations books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of
the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (C) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (iv) be sent
to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (v) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of
the Special Meeting Request) may revoke such stockholders request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary. 

(3) The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice
of the meeting (including the Corporations proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph
(2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives on behalf of the Corporation payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 

2 

(4) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of
stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be
not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date); and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is
actually received by the secretary (the Delivery Date), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m., local time, on the 90th day
after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails
to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board
of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to
call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting if the requesting stockholders fail to comply with
the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 

(5) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been
delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests
for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary: (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not
revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked
requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporations intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn
the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn
the meeting without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 

(6) The chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized
independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose

3 

of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been received by the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business
Days after actual receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date,
stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to
contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking
of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

(7) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Such request shall state the purpose of such meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at such meeting. The secretary shall inform such
stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing notice of the meeting and, upon payment to the Corporation by such stockholders of such costs, the secretary shall give notice to each stockholder entitled to notice of the
meeting. 

Section 4. NOTICE. Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall
give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the
case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholders residence or usual place of
business, by electronic transmission or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholders address as it
appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the
stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such
stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of
any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 

Subject to
Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in
such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in
Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the
manner set forth in this Section 4. 

4 

Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT. Every meeting of stockholders shall be
conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chair of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the chair of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of
the board, by one of the following individuals present at the meeting in the following order: the vice chair of the board, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and, within each rank,
in their order of seniority, the secretary, or, in the absence of such individuals, a chair chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the case of a
vacancy in the office or absence of the secretary, an assistant secretary or an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders,
an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the person holding the
office named herein may delegate to another person the power to act as chair or secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting. The
chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without
limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting; (b) limiting attendance or participation at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other
individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine; (c) recognizing speakers at the meeting and determining when and for how long speakers and any individual speaker may address the meeting; (d) determining when and for how long the
polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed and when announcement of the results should be made; (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply
with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting; (g) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place either
(i) announced at the meeting or (ii) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting; and (h) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the
chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with any rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Section 6. QUORUM. At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum; but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter) for the vote necessary for
the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other
than announcement at the meeting. The date, time and place of the meeting, as reconvened, shall be either (a) announced at the meeting or (b) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting. 

5 

The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly
called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 

Section 7. VOTING. A nominee for director shall be elected as a director only if such nominee receives the affirmative vote of a
majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. However, directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at
which a quorum is present for which (a) the secretary of the Corporation receives notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with the requirements of advance notice of stockholder nominees for
director set forth in these Bylaws and (b) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the close of business on the tenth day before the date of filing of the definitive proxy statement of the Corporation with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and, as a result of which, the number of nominees is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. Each share entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors
to be elected and for whose election the holder is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come
before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the Charter. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to
cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 

Section 8. PROXIES. A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy that is
(a) executed by the stockholder or by the stockholders duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law; (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws; and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures
established by the Corporation. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the record of the proceedings of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the
proxy. 

Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white,
which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 

Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS. Stock
of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, managing member, manager, general
partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such
corporation or other 

6 

entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any trustee or fiduciary, in
such capacity, may vote stock registered in such trustees or fiduciarys name, either in person or by proxy. 

Shares of stock
of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary
capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 

The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of
stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the
certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation;
and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or appropriate. On receipt by the secretary of the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded
as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 

Section 10. INSPECTORS. The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more
inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chair of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (a) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by
proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies; (b) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents; (c) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting; (d) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection
with the right to vote; and (e) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such
meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be
prima facie evidence thereof. 

Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER
PROPOSALS. 

(a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and
proposals of other business to be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders by the stockholders may only be made (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting; (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or
(iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by
the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such
other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 

7 

(2) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by
a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper
matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall set forth all information and representations required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the
Corporation not earlier than the 120th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the date
of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in connection with the Corporations first annual meeting or in the event that the date of the
annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the
120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to the date
of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting (or the public announcement thereof)
shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. 

(3)
Such stockholders notice shall set forth: 

(i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or
reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a
director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act; 

(ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business (including
the text of any proposal), the stockholders reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the
aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other
filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act; 

(iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 

8 

(A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the
Corporation (collectively, the Company Securities), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and
the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 

(B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee
or Stockholder Associated Person, and 

(C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated
Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the previous six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement,
arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities
for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation disproportionately to such
persons economic interest in the Company Securities; and 

(D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without
limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation, other than
an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class
or series; 

(iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in
clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 

(A) the name and address of
such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations stock ledger, and the current nameand address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee, and 

(B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person that is not an individual
and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person; 

9 

(v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder
giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal; 

(vi) to the extent known
by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person financially supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business; 

(vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, a representation that such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder
Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of Proposed Nominees in accordance with
Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act; and 

(viii) all other information regarding the stockholder
giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is
not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 

(4) Such stockholders notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a: 

(i) written representation executed by the Proposed Nominee: 

(A) that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or
entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (II) consents to be named in a proxy statement as a nominee, (III) consents to serve as a director of the
Corporation if elected, (IV) will notify the Corporation simultaneously with the notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominees actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (V) does not need any
permission or consent from any third party to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained, including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves; 

(B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents; and 

(C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the
stockholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an
election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required
pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the
Corporation are traded); and 

10 

(ii) written representation executed by the stockholder that such stockholder will: 

(A) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such
stockholders solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee; 

(B) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of
any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting; 

(C) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may request for the purpose of determining whether the requirements of
this Section 11 have been complied with and of evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholders notice; and 

(D) appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate any Proposed Nominees or to bring such business before the meeting, as
applicable, and acknowledges that if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate such Proposed Nominees or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed
Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any such Proposed Nominee or of any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors
to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for
the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such
increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person
who is a member, with such stockholder, of any group, as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the
Exchange Act) in the solicitation, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly,
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 

11 

(b) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a
special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. No stockholder may make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special meeting or, except as contemplated
by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors at a special meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a
special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (2) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this
Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special
meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so
nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any
stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if the stockholders notice, containing the information and representations required
by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special
meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made
of the date of the special meeting. The postponement or adjournment of a special meeting (or public announcement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described
above. 

(c) General. (1) If any information or representation submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder
proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any information or representation from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or
representation may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change)
in any such information or representation. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be
specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to
this Section 11, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting
and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated representation by each Proposed
Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or representation within such period, the information as to which such
written verification, update or representation was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 

12 

(2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall
be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed
Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceed the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is
nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and representations with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this
Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the
Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If
any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for
such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 

(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor
of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporations nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder) soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the
solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required
thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) timely
provide sufficient evidence in the determination of the Board of Directors sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under
the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence. Upon request by the Corporation, such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, sufficient evidence in the
judgment of the Board of Directors that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

(4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the
companys proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.
Public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (ii) in a document
publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

13 

(5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall
also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request
inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any
successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by, or routine solicitation contacts made by or on behalf of, the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person
pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of a definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person. 

(6) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder
giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be
considered at the meeting. 

Section 12. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or
these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL), shall not apply to any acquisition of any shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Corporation by
(a) Stuart A. Miller, members of his family, trusts of which one or more of them are trustees or principal beneficiaries, and entities (including corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies) of which Mr. Miller or members of
his family control or would be treated as beneficially owning a majority of the equity, as beneficial ownership is determined for purposes of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Miller Family), or (b) The Vanguard Group, Inc. or any
of its affiliates (collectively, Vanguard). This section may not be repealed, in whole or in part, with respect to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition of (i) the Miller Family, without the prior written consent of
Stuart A. Miller (or a member of his immediate family upon his death or disability) for so long as the Miller Family collectively owns, or is entitled to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, shares of Common Stock entitled to
exercise more than one-tenth of the voting power of all outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) Vanguard, without its prior written consent, for so long as Vanguard collectively owns, or is entitled to
direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, shares of Common Stock entitled to exercise more than one-tenth of the voting power of all outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Section 13. STOCKHOLDERS CONSENT IN LIEU OF MEETING. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of
stockholders may be taken without a meeting (a) if a unanimous consent setting forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and filed with the minutes of proceedings of
the stockholders or (b) if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission of stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of stockholders at
which all stockholders entitled to vote on the matter are present and all eligible shares are voted is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the MGCL. The Corporation shall give notice of any action taken by less than unanimous consent to
each stockholder not later than ten days after the effective time of such action. 

14 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

Section 1.
GENERAL POWERS. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority
of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, and further provided that the tenure of office of a
director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering a resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall
take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 

Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS. An annual meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and place as shall be
specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such
resolution. 

Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the
chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the time and place of any special meeting of
the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 

Section 5. NOTICE. Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone,
electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at such directors business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least
24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the
director or such directors agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or such directors agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the
electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a
completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when
deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by
statute or these Bylaws. 

15 

Section 6. QUORUM. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further
notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a specified group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other
percentage of such group. 

The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may
continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 

Section 7. VOTING. The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action
of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a
quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is
required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 

Section 8. ORGANIZATION. At each meeting of the
Board of Directors, the chair of the board or, in the absence of the chair, the chief executive officer, if there is one, shall act as chair of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, such individual may designate another director to act as
chair of the meeting. In the absence of both the chair and chief executive officer, the president or in the absence of the president, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chair. The secretary or, in his or her
absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 

Section 9. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION. Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other
communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

16 

Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING. Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board
of Directors. 

Section 11. VACANCIES. If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event
shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the
Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which
the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

Section 12. COMPENSATION. Directors shall not receive
any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per year and/or per meeting and/or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any
service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses,
if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefor. 

Section 13. RELIANCE. Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance
of such directors or officers duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or
employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably
believes to be within the persons professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director
reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 

Section 14. RATIFICATION. The Board of Directors or the stockholders
may ratify any act, omission, failure to act or determination made not to act (an Act) by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the Act and, if so
ratified, such Act shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any Act questioned in any proceeding on the ground of lack of authority,
defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be
ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned Act. 

17 

Section 15. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Any director or officer,
in such directors or officers personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in
competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 

Section 16. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS. Notwithstanding any other
provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws
cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (a) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any
means feasible under the circumstances; (b) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time,
including publication, television or radio; and (c) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 

Section 17. CHAIR OF THE BOARD. The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chair of the board, who shall not,
solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the chair of the board as an executive or non-executive chair. The chair of the board shall preside over
the meetings of the Board of Directors. The chair of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to the chair of the board by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE IV 

COMMITTEES

Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members a Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members
thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 

Section 2. POWERS. The Board of Directors may delegate to any committee appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the
powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, any committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority to one or more subcommittees, composed of one or more
directors, as the committee deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 

Section 3. MEETINGS. Notice of committee meetings shall
be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the
committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, the applicable committee, may designate a chair of any committee, and such chair or, in the absence of a chair,
any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings. 

18 

Section 4. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION. Members of a committee of the Board
of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 5. CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING. Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes
of proceedings of such committee. 

Section 6. CHANGES. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the
power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to appoint the chair of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member, to dissolve any such committee or to withdraw or
add to any powers previously delegated to a committee. 

ARTICLE V 

OFFICERS 

Section 1.
GENERAL PROVISIONS. The officers of the Corporation shall includea president, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a chair of the board, a vice chair of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief
operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem
necessary or appropriate. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries and
assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until such officers successor is elected and qualifies or until such officers death, resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices
except president and vice president may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 

Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION. Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of
Directors, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering a resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, the
chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective
unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 

19 

Section 3. VACANCIES. A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of
Directors for the balance of the term. 

Section 4. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. The Board of Directors may designate a chief
executive officer. In the absence of such designation, the chair of the board shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the
Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. The chief executive officer may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the
execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to
the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 

Section 5. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER. The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer
shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 

Section 6.
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 

Section 7. PRESIDENT. In the absence of a chief executive officer, the president shall in general supervise and control all of the
business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a chief operating officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer. The president may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or
other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in
general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 

Section 8. VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence of the president or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the vice president (or in
the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when
so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president; and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the president or the
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president, or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 

20 

Section 9. SECRETARY. The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the
proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as
required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation; (d) keep a register of the address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder; (e) have general
charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the secretary by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 

Section 10. TREASURER. The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and
accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of
Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the treasurer by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the
Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 

The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the
Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an
account of all the transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 

Section 11. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES
AND ASSISTANTTREASURERS. The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president
or the Board of Directors. 

Section 12. COMPENSATION. The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or
under the authority of the Board of Directors and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that such officer is also a director. 

ARTICLE VI 

CONTRACTS,
CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 

Section 1. CONTRACTS. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any
contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding
upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directorsand executed by an authorized person. 

21 

Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment
of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3. DEPOSITS. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the
credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may
designate. 

ARTICLE VII 

STOCK 

Section 1.
CERTIFICATES. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that
the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and
shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in any manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL the Corporation shall provide to the
record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no difference in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are
represented by certificates. 

Section 2. TRANSFERS. All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the
Corporation in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of
certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall
provide to the record holders of such shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 

The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall
not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of
Maryland. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the
Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 

22 

Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE. Any officer of the Corporation may direct a
new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated; provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors or
an officer of the Corporation has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or such owners
legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the
Corporation. 

Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE. The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of
determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of
stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such record date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than
ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 

When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as
provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in
which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 

Section 5. STOCK LEDGER. The
Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held
by such stockholder. 

Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK; ISSUANCE OF UNITS. The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to
issue fractional shares of stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize the
issuance of units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VIII 

ACCOUNTING YEAR 

The Board
of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 

23 

ARTICLE IX 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 1. AUTHORIZATION. Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of
Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. 

Section 2. CONTINGENCIES. Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the
Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its sole discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends or other distributions,
for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 

ARTICLE X 

SEAL 

Section 1. SEAL. The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name
of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland or such other form as may be approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for
the custody thereof. 

Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL. Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a
document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation.

ARTICLE XI 

INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 

To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a
preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the
Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of such persons service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request
of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager or partner of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any
other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of such persons service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of

24 

expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide such
indemnification and advance of expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. The
indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may
become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 

Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the
adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior
to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 

ARTICLE XII 

WAIVER OF NOTICE 

Whenever
any notice is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance
of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully
called or convened. 

ARTICLE XIII 

EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, any state court of competent jurisdiction within the
State of Maryland, or, if such state courts do not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court located within the State of Maryland, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in
the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof, and any action or proceeding asserting any Internal Corporate Claim, including without limitation: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, other than any action
arising under federal securities laws, (ii) any claim, or any action or proceeding asserting a claim, based on an alleged breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the
stockholders of the Corporation; or (iii) any claim, or any action or proceeding asserting a claim, against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising under or pursuant to any provision of the MGCL,
the Charter or these Bylaws; or (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. None of the foregoing
claims, 

25 

or actions or proceedings, may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland unless the Corporation consents in writing to such court. This Section 1 of Article XIII does not
apply to any action or proceeding under federal securities laws or claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. 

ARTICLE XIV 

AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 

The
Board of Directors is vested with the power, at any time, to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, the stockholders may alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws
and adopt new Bylaw provisions if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Article XV may not be altered or repealed
without the written consent of Lennar Corporation. 

ARTICLE XV 

FOUNDERS RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

For so long as that certain Founders Rights Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025 (as amended, modified and/or supplemented from time to
time, the Founders Rights Agreement), by and between Lennar Corporation and the Corporation remains in effect, the Corporation shall perform its obligations under, and operate in accordance with, such Founders Rights Agreement. 

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d760441dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1 

MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 

BY AND AMONG 

MILLROSE
PROPERTIES, INC. 

AND 

KENNEDY LEWIS LAND AND RESIDENTIAL ADVISORS LLC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. Definitions 1 

2. Appointment 4 

3. Duties of the Manager 4 

4. Authority of the Manager 6 

5. Founders Rights Agreement 7 

6. No Partnership or Joint Venture 7 

7. Bank Accounts 7 

8. Records; Access; Confidentiality 7 

9. Limitations on Activities 7 

10. Compensation 7 

11. Expenses 8 

12. Other Services 8 

13. Other Activities of the Manager 8 

14. Term and Termination Without Cause 9 

15. Termination for Cause and Duties Upon Termination 10 

16. Limitation of Liability, Exculpation and Indemnification by the Company 10 

17. Indemnification by the Manager 11 

18. Representations and Warranties 12 

19. Notices 13 

20. Modification 14 

21. Severability 14 

22. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 14 

23. Entire Agreement 14 

24. Amendment 14 

25. Assignments 14 

26. No Waiver 15 

27. Pronouns and Plurals 15 

28. Headings 15 

29. Execution in Counterparts 15 

30. Third Party Beneficiaries 15 

i 

MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 7, 2025, and effective as of the Spin-Off Date (as defined below), is entered into by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (Millrose and, together with its subsidiaries, the
Company), and Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Manager). 

RECITALS 

A. The Company is a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland on March 19, 2024 and intends to
elect to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

B. The Company will operate and manage, through certain
subsidiaries, a large-scale Homesite Option Purchase Platform (to be known as the HOPPR) that will deliver just in time finished homesites to Lennar (as defined below) and potentially other home builders
in the United States. 

C. In connection with the contribution of land assets by Lennar Corporation
(Lennar) to Millrose, Lennar will be distributing in a taxable spin-off approximately 80% of the outstanding shares of Millroses common stock to Lennars existing
Class A and Class B common stockholders (the Spin-Off), which is expected to become effective on or around February 7, 2025 (the date the
Spin-Off becomes effective is referred to herein as the Spin-Off Date). 

D. The Company desires to avail itself of the experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities of
the Manager and its Affiliates and to have the Manager undertake the duties and responsibilities set forth in this Agreement, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company, all as provided in this Agreement.

E. The Manager is willing to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company,
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the
mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions set forth below: 

1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Accelerated Termination has the meaning set forth in the definition of Termination Fee. 

Administrative Services means the administrative services described in Exhibit A. 

Affiliate or Affiliated means with respect to any Person, (i) any
Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person; (ii) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (iii) any legal entity for which such
Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. For purposes of this definition, the terms controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with shall mean the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through ownership or voting rights, by contract or otherwise. 

Allocation Policy means the policy and other parameters for allocation of opportunities by the
Manager between the Company and other affiliates of Kennedy Lewis as set forth in Exhibit C to this Agreement, as may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived by the Board of Directors from time to time. 

Articles of Incorporation means the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company, as amended
from time to time. 

Automatic Renewal Term has the meaning set forth in
Section 14(a). 

Board of Directors or
Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Bylaws means the
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time. 

Cause has the
meaning set forth in Section 15(a). 

Cause Termination
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 15(a). 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from, or any successor statute thereto.
Reference to any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. 

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the Board of Directors. 

Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section 16(a). 

Director means a member of the Board of Directors. 

Distributable Earnings means the net income (loss) attributable to the common stockholders of the
Company, computed in accordance with GAAP, including realized gains and losses not otherwise included in net income (loss), excluding any unrealized gains or losses or other similar non-cash items that are
included in net income (loss) for the applicable reporting period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive (loss), or in net income (loss) and adding back amortization of stock-based compensation. Net income (loss)
attributable to common stockholders may also be adjusted for one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain material non-cash income or expense items, in each
case after discussions between the Manager and the Independent Directors and approved by a majority of the Independent Directors. 

Effective Termination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 14(b).

Equity means (a) the sum of (i) total Company stockholders equity immediately
prior to the Spin-Off Date, plus (ii) the net proceeds received by the Company or the Companys subsidiaries from all issuances of the Companys or the Companys subsidiaries
equity securities on and after the Spin-Off,plus (iii) the Companys cumulative Distributable Earnings from and after the Spin-Off Date to the end of
the most recently completed calendar quarter, (b) less (i) any distributions to the Stockholders (or, as applicable, distributions to the equity holders in the Companys subsidiaries (other than the Company)) from and after the
Spin-Off Date to the end of the most recently completed calendar quarterand (ii) all amounts that the Company or any of its subsidiaries has paid to repurchase the Companys or the
Companys subsidiaries common equity from and after the Spin-Off Date to the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. In the Companys calculation of Equity, the Company will adjust
its calculation of Distributable Earnings to remove the compensation expense relating to awards (if any) granted under one or more of its long-term incentive plans that is added back in the calculation of Distributable Earnings. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Founders Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 5. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 

Governing Instruments means, with regard to any entity, the articles of incorporation or certificate
of incorporation and bylaws in the case of a corporation, the certificate of limited partnership (if applicable) and the partnership agreement in the case of a general or limited partnership, the certificate of formation and operating agreement in
the case of a limited liability company, the trust instrument in the case of a trust, or similar governing documents, in each case as amended. 

HOPPR means the Homesite Option Purchase Platform sublicensed to the Company and its
affiliates by a subsidiary of Lennar, as described in the Recitals to this Agreement. 

Independent
Director means a Director who qualifies as an independent director under the NYSE listing rules. 

2 

Initial Term has the meaning set forth in
Section 14(a). 

Investment Guidelines means the investment guidelines
and other investment parameters for the HOPPR and other Investments, financing activities and other operations as set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement, as may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived by the Board of
Directors from time to time. 

Investments means any investments by the Company in real estate
assets (including land) or any other asset, consistent with the Companys Investment Guidelines. 

Kennedy
Lewis means Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC. 

Loans means any indebtedness
or obligations in respect of borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, deeds of trust, letters of credit or similar instruments, including mortgages, mezzanine loans and bridge loans. 

Notice of Proposal to Negotiate has the meaning set forth in
Section 14(c). 

Management Fee means an annual fee, calculated and
payable quarterly in advance, in an amount equal to 1.25% per annum of Tangible Assets (0.3125% per quarter), determined in accordance with Section 10. 

Managers Duties has the meaning set forth in Section 3. 

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

Non-Revenue Generating Assets shall be defined as any asset not associated with an
income generation opportunity or owned real estate. For the avoidance of doubt, Non-Revenue Generating Assets shall exclude owned real estate with terminated or unexercised option contracts. 

Offering means any public or private offering of equity or debt securities of the Company that is
consummated subsequent to the date of this Agreement, excluding Shares offered under any employee benefit plan of the Company. 

Offering Expenses means any and all expenses (including underwriting discounts and commissions) paid
or to be paid by the Company in connection with an Offering, including, without limitation, the Companys legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, rating agency engagement expenses and other documented offering expenses. 

Operating Expenses means all costs and expenses required to operate the Company, including but not
limited to (i) out-of-pocket expenses of the Manager in performing services for the Company, including those incurred in connection with the Administrative Services, (ii) expenses incurred in connection with the Managers Duties, (iii) expenses
incurred by Millrose or the Manager in connection with any legal, accounting, financial and due diligence services provided to the Company, as well as any expenses in connection with compliance with securities laws, (iv) expenses incurred in
connection with maintaining compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules, policies and other requirements, including performing and satisfying any contractual obligations, (v) expenses incurred in connection with maintaining the
Companys REIT status for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (vi) compensation paid to all officers, employees, vendors, consultants, advisors and other outside professionals, as well up to $1.25 million per year (plus an annual increase of
3% per year, compounded annually) of non-employee Directors fees (including base fees, any additional amounts to be paid to chairpersons and members of any committees, any lead independent directors and/or any other similar roles and any
cash-settled equity awards granted under any equity incentive plan) to be paid in cash (the Directors Cash Compensation Cap), the total amount of which to be determined by the Compensation Committee based on the
advice of a reputable executive compensation consulting firm engaged by the Compensation Committee at its discretion. Any cash-based non-employee Directors fees in excess of the Directors Cash Compensation Cap, as well as all
stock-settled compensation to be paid to any non-employee Directors, shall be paid by the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, a non-employee Director means any Director who is not an employee of the Company or of the Manager. Operating
Expenses will also include the Companys cost for rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment, supplies, machinery and other office, internal and overhead expenses of the Manager required for the Companys operations. 

Pause Period has the meaning set forth in the Master Option Agreement, by and between Millrose,
Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC and U.S. Home, LLC, dated as of February 7, 2025. 

Performance
Goal has the meaning set forth in the definition of Termination Fee. 

Person means
an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, company (whether of limited liability or otherwise), trust, bank or other entity, or government or any agency or political subdivision of a government. 

Post-Termination Management Extension has the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 

Registration Statement means the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-11(No. 333-283883), as amended from time to time, as declared effective by the SEC on February 7, 2025. 

Reimbursable Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 11(a). 

3 

REIT means a real estate investment
trust within the meaning of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code. 

SEC means the
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

Shares means the shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share.

Spin-Off means the Companys separation from
Lennar on the Spin-Off Date, as described in the Recitals to this Agreement. 

Spin-Off Date means February 7, 2025, as described in the
Recitals to this Agreement. 

Stockholders means the beneficial owners of the Shares. 

Return on Equity means (i) consolidated net income calculated in accordance with GAAP as
reported in Millroses filings with the SEC, plus any taxes paid by Millrose or any subsidiaries of Millrose during such period, plus the amount of Reimbursable Expenses incurred by Millrose over the applicable period that are reasonably
determined to be unrelated to the performance of the Managers duties under this Agreement, plus an adjustment for any reduction in income related to any Pause Period in effect pursuant to Millrose option agreements, divided by
(ii) average Millrose consolidated shareholders equity at the end of each fiscal quarter over the same period as reported in Millroses filings with the SEC. 

Tangible Assets means 

(A) 

from the Spin-Off Date through (and including) the end of the first month following twelve (12) months after
the Spin-Off Date: (i) the Companys total assets (including cash and cash equivalents), less (ii) intangible assets, each determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, less (iii) Non-Revenue Generating Assets to the extent not
already included in (ii); and 

(B) 

thereafter: (i) the Companys total assets (not including cash and cash equivalents), less (ii)
intangible assets, each determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, less (iii) Non-Revenue Generating Assets to the extent not already included in (ii), each determined on a non-consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Termination Notice has the meaning set forth in
Section 14(b). 

Termination Fee means a termination fee payable upon a
Termination Without Cause by the Company pursuant to Section 14(b), equal to (A) if Millroses average annual Return on Equity during the three year period (or the number of years since the
Spin-Off Date if less than three) preceding the Effective Termination Date has been equal to or higher than 7% (the Performance Goal), 3.0 times the average annual Management Fee
earned by the Manager during the two-year period immediately preceding the most recently completed calendar quarter prior to the Effective Termination Date, subject to a certification of the Board of
Directors, to be provided within 60 days of its vote to approve a Termination Without Cause, that Millrose has achieved the Performance Goal (such certification not be withheld, conditioned to delayed in the event that the Board of Directors
determines in good faith that the Performance Goal has been achieved), or (B) if the Performance Goal is not met, then (i) prior to the expiration of the Initial Term (an Accelerated Termination), 2.5 times the
average annual Management Fee earned by the Manager during the two-year period immediately preceding the most recently completed calendar quarter prior to the Effective Termination Date, and (ii) at or
after the expiration of the Initial Term or any Automatic Renewal Period, as applicable, 1.5 times the average annual Management Fee earned by the Manager during the two-year period immediately preceding the
most recently completed calendar quarter prior to the Effective Termination Date. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the two year anniversary of the date of this Agreement and a Termination Fee is payable, the Management Fee earned during such
period will be annualized for purposes of calculating the average annual Management Fee. 

Termination
Without Cause has the meaning set forth in Section 14(b). 

Third Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c). 

2.Appointment. The Company hereby appoints the Manager to serve as the Companys manager, as agent,
to perform the services set forth herein on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Manager hereby accepts such appointment. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Manager hereby agrees to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to perform each of the duties set forth herein. The appointment of the Manager shall be exclusive to the Manager, except to the extent that the Manager elects, in its sole and absolute discretion, subject to the terms of this
Agreement, to cause the duties of the Manager as set forth herein to be provided by Third Parties and/or its Affiliates without relieving the Manager from responsibility for fulfillment of those duties. 

3.Duties of the Manager. The Manager, in its capacity as manager of the assets and the day-to-day operations of the Company, at all times will be subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors and will have only such functions and authority as the Board of
Directors may delegate to it including, without limitation, the functions and authority identified herein and delegated to the Manager hereby. The Manager will be responsible for the
day-to-day operations of the Company and will perform or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates; or subsidiaries or appropriate Third Parties, such
services and activities relating to the assets and operations of the Company as may be appropriate, including, without limitation (collectively, Managers Duties): 

(a) negotiate and execute all HOPPR and other similar agreements with the Companys customers; 

(b) provide the daily management for the Company and perform and supervise the various administrative functions necessary for
the day-to-day management of the operations of the Company (including 

4 

providing services in connection with the operation of the HOPPR), including without limitation the Administrative Services; 

(c) conduct diligence by employing Kennedy Lewis current underwriting team to conduct a thorough independent diligence
assessment of each proposed transaction, ensuring adherence to the Investment Guidelines and assessing the credibility of the home builders financial projections, and, in doing so, the Manager will leverage third-party market data and internal
proprietary datasets to formulate an autonomous evaluation of projected home selling prices, sales pace, and profit margins for each community. In general, such due diligence would include a thorough legal evaluation that ensures the land has
received all necessary entitlement and environmental approvals, unless the Manager is able to negotiate arrangements with the home builder where the Manager determines that there is not a need to conduct such an extensive legal analysis on the
proposed transaction; 

(d) investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Company, engage and conduct business with such
Persons as the Manager deems necessary to the proper performance of its obligations hereunder (Third Parties), including, but not limited to, consultants, accountants, lenders, attorneys, underwriters, corporate
fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for collection, insurers, insurance agents, banks, securities investment advisors, mortgagors, the registrar and the transfer agent and any and all agents for any of the foregoing,
including Affiliates of the Manager, and Persons acting in any other capacity deemed by the Manager necessary or desirable for the performance of any of the foregoing services, including, but not limited to, entering into contracts in the name of
the Company with any of the foregoing. Third Parties shall not be compensated by the Company; 

(e) subject to the
oversight of the Independent Directors of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the Investment Guidelines and the Allocation Policy), identify, investigate, analyze and select other Persons to which the Company can
provide the HOPPR or other land bank services. Once Persons are identified, the Manager shall evaluate and negotiate agreements with respect to the foregoing on behalf of the Company and in furtherance of the Companys strategic
objectives; 

(f) negotiate agreements providing for the issuance of additional Shares on behalf of the Company to other
Persons provided that any such issuance of additional Shares shall be approved by the Board of Directors, a risk committee of the Board of Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors; 

(g) in addition to services related to providing the HOPPR to the Companys customers, render such services as may
be reasonably determined by the Board of Directors consistent with the terms and conditions herein, including locating, analyzing and selecting potential Investments (including real estate assets), and negotiating and entering into agreements
relating to Investment and, to the extent necessary, perform all other operational functions for the maintenance and administration of such Investments; 

(h) negotiate on behalf of the Company with banks or other lenders for Loans or other borrowing transactions to be made to the
Company provided that any Loan or other borrowing transaction shall be approved by the Board of Directors, a risk committee of the Board of Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors; 

(i) provide the Company with all necessary cash management services, and manage accounting and other record keeping functions
for the Company; 

(j) perform investor-relations and Stockholder communications functions for the Company; 

(k) maintain the Companys accounting and other records and assist the Company in filing all reports required to be filed
by it with the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service and other regulatory agencies; 

(l) advise the Company regarding the
maintenance of the Companys qualification as a REIT and monitor the Companys compliance with the various REIT qualification requirements and other rules set forth in the Code and any applicable Treasury Regulations promulgated under the
Code, as amended from time to time, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Company to qualify as a REIT and to maintain its qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(m) cause to be prepared, within twenty-five (25) days of the end of each quarter, quarterly asset, income, and distribution
testing for REIT purposes, including determination of the fair market value of any investment in a taxable REIT subsidiary (within the meaning of Section 856) and any intercompany notes intended to qualify as real estate
assets under Section 856(c)(5)(B); 

(n) provide the Company with an updated model of the Managers REIT
cashflow calculations annually; 

5 

(o) advise the Company regarding the maintenance of their exemptions from
the status of an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act, and monitor compliance with the requirements for maintaining such exemptions and using commercially reasonable efforts to cause them to maintain such exemptions from such
status; 

(p) assist the Company in qualifying to do business in all applicable jurisdictions in which the Company or their
subsidiaries do business, and ensure that the Company and its subsidiaries obtain and maintain all applicable licenses; 

(q) assist the Company in complying with all applicable regulatory requirements applicable to them with respect to its
business activities, including compliance with SOX and Dodd Frank rules and preparing or causing to be prepared all financial statements required under applicable regulations and contractual undertakings and all reports and documents, if any,
required under the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or by the NYSE; 

(r) if requested by the Company, provide, or cause
another qualified third party to provide, such internal audit, compliance and control services as may be required for the Company and its subsidiaries to comply with applicable law (including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act), regulation
(including SEC regulations) and the rules and requirements of the NYSE or such other securities exchange on which the Shares or other securities of the Company are listed, and as otherwise requested by the Board; 

(s) handle and resolve on behalf of the Company (including its subsidiaries) all claims, disputes or controversies, including
all litigation, arbitration, settlement or other proceedings or negotiations, in which the Company or its subsidiaries may be involved (other than with the Manager or its Affiliates) or to which they may become subject, subject to such limitations
or parameters as may be imposed from time to time by the Board; 

(t) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Company and its subsidiaries to comply with all applicable laws; 

(u) render such other services as may be determined by
the Board of Directors consistent with the terms and conditions herein; 

(v) use its commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that the Company complies with its responsibilities and obligations under the various agreements, including agreements with Lennar; 

(w) make available sufficiently experienced and qualified personnel to perform all services, including serving as officers of
the Company; and 

(x) do all things necessary to assure its ability to render the services described in this Agreement;

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may delegate any of the foregoing duties to any Third Parties so long as the Manager remains
responsible for the performance of the duties set forth in this Section 3; provided, however, that the Manager will pay all costs of the delegation of any of the foregoing duties to Third Parties, which shall
not result in an increased Management Fee or additional expenses payable hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Manager delegate all or substantially all of its duties to Third Parties. 

4. Authority of the Manager 

(a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4
and in Section 9), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Company, the Company, acting on the authority of the Board of Directors, hereby delegates to the Manager the
authority to perform the services described in Section 3. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Manager shall obtain the prior approval of a risk committee of the Board of Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors in connection with any investment that is inconsistent with the
Companys publicly disclosed Investment Guidelines as in effect from time to time, or, if none are then publicly disclosed, as otherwise adopted by the Board from time to time. 

6 

(c) If a transaction requires approval by a risk committee of the Board of
Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors, the Manager will deliver to the risk committee of the Board of Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors all documents and other
information reasonably required by them to properly evaluate the proposed transaction. 

(d) During the term of this
Agreement and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company and each of its subsidiaries hereby constitutes, appoints and authorizes the Manager as its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to negotiate, execute, deliver and enter into agreements, instruments and authorizations on their behalf, on such terms and conditions as the Manager, acting in
its sole and absolute discretion, deems necessary or appropriate (subject to any limitations imposed by the Board). This power of attorney is deemed to be coupled with an interest. 

5. Founders Rights Agreement. The Manager acknowledges that the Company has entered into a Founders Rights
Agreement with Lennar, dated February 7, 2025 (the Founders Rights Agreement), which may be amended from time to time and is incorporated by reference into the Companys Bylaws. The Company and Lennar have agreed to the
provisions governing the Management Succession Consent Right set forth in Section 3.01 of the Founders Rights Agreement. The Manager agrees to act as Manager for the duration of the candidate selection and approval process
described in Section 3.01(a) of the Founders Rights Agreement. The Manager acknowledges and agrees that the Board shall have the right to terminate this Agreement without penalty or any termination fee in the event the Manager does not present
to the Board any candidates to succeed the Manager or the Key Men (as defined in the Founders Rights Agreement), as applicable, for consideration within 60 calendar days. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Manager, at the request of the
Board, agrees to continue to undertake the Managers Duties and provide Administrative Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for up to 180 days following such termination (the Post-Termination Management
Extension). The Post-Termination Management Extension provisions of this Section 5 shall survive for a period of one year after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. In addition, the Company and Lennar have agreed that,
pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement, in the event this Agreement is terminated for any reason (with or without cause), including if the Board terminates the Manager or if KL resigns as Manager, Lennar shall have a Management
Succession Consent Right under Section 3.01 of the Founders Rights Agreement over the Boards selection of a new manager and over the Boards execution of any new Management Agreement (whether with the same manager or a new
manager), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned. 

6.No
Partnershipor Joint Venture. The parties to this Agreement are not partners or joint venturers with each other and nothing herein shall be construed to make them partners or joint venturers or
impose any liability as such on either of them. The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that, other than as may be set forth herein, they do not owe a fiduciary duty to one another. 

7.Bank Accounts. The Manager may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in its
own name for the account of the Company or in the name of the Company and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company, consistent with the authority
granted under Section 4 and in such other circumstances as the Board may approve, providedthat no funds belonging to the Company shall be commingled with funds of the Manager or any of its Affiliates; and the Manager shall
upon request render appropriate accountings of such collections and payments to the Board and to the auditors of the Company. 

8.Records; Access; Confidentiality. The Manager shall maintain appropriate
books of accounts and records of all its activities hereunder and make such records available for inspection by the Directors and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Company, at any time and from time to time. The Manager shall at all
reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Company. The Manager shall keep confidential any and all information obtained in connection with the services rendered under this Agreement and shall not disclose any such information (or
use the same except in furtherance of its duties under this Agreement) to unaffiliated third parties except (a) with the prior written consent of the Board, (b) to legal counsel, accountants or other professional advisors or consultants
engaged by the Company, (c) to appraisers, financing sources and others in the ordinary course of the Companys business, (d) to governmental officials having jurisdiction over the Company (including its subsidiaries), (e) in
connection with any governmental or regulatory filings of the Company or of its subsidiaries, or disclosure or presentations to Company investors, (f) as required by law or legal process to which the Manager or any Person to whom disclosure is
permitted hereunder is a party, or (g) to the extent such information is otherwise publicly available through the actions of a Person other than the Manager not resulting from the Managers violation of this Section 8. The
confidentiality provisions of this Section 8 shall survive for a period of one year after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. 

9.Limitations on Activities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Manager
shall not intentionally or with gross negligence, reckless disregard or bad faith take any action that, would (a) adversely affect the maintenance of the Companys qualification as a REIT under the Code, unless the Board has determined
that the maintenance of the Companys REIT qualification is not in the best interests of the Company and its Stockholders, (b) subject the Company to regulation under the 1940 Act, (c) be contrary to or inconsistent with the
Companys Investment Guidelines or (d) violate any law, rule, regulation or statement of policy of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company or its Shares, or otherwise not be permitted by the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws, except if such action shall be directed by the Board, in which case the Manager shall notify promptly the Board of the Managers judgment of the potential impact of such action and shall refrain from taking such action
until it receives further clarification or instructions from the Board. In such event, the Manager shall have no liability for acting in accordance with the specific instructions of the Board so given. In addition, as directed by the Board, the
Manager shall not take any action if the Board determines that not taking such action is reasonably necessary to maintain the Companys qualification as a REIT under the Code. 

10.Compensation. 

(a) During the term hereof, as the same may be extended from time to time, the Company shall pay the Manager the Management
Fee. The Manager will not receive any compensation as calculated hereunder for the period 

7 

prior to the Spin-Off Date. The Management Fee shall be due and payable quarterly in advance as of the first day of each quarter (January 1, April 1,
July 1 and October 1) (provided that such initial and final payments will be pro-rated based on the number of days during such quarter that this Agreement was in effect; and
provided further that the initial payment of the Management Fee shall be due and payable on the date hereof). The Manager may calculate each installment of the Management Fee based on its calculation of Tangible Assets on the first day of
each quarter, and deliver such computation to the Board of Directors no less than three (3) business days prior to the beginning of each quarter, which computation may be reviewed by the Board of Directors, a risk committee of the Board of
Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors. 

(b) The Manager acknowledges that, pursuant
to the Founders Rights Agreement, Lennar has the right, in connection with its Enforcement Rights (as defined therein) to compel the Company to stop payment of the Management Fee in certain circumstances where there is a legal dispute between
Lennar and the Company. The Manager agrees that, upon receipt of a written notice by the Board of Directors of the Company that Lennar has exercised such Enforcement Right, which notice must include a copy of the written notice from Lennar to the
Board of Directors of the Company, as signed by an authorized representative of Lennar, exercising its Enforcement Rights specifically with respect to compelling the Company to stop payment of the Management Fee pursuant to this Agreement, the
Manager shall waive all Management Fee payments for the duration of the period set forth in such notice (the Dispute Period). Written notice of any extensions to such Dispute Period must be delivered to the Manager in advance of the
expiration of originally-stated Dispute Period, along with any relevant documentation supporting such extension. The Manager agrees that such extensions shall be honored without affirmative approval by the Manager, unless the notice does not provide
the reasons and supporting documentation (if applicable) for such extension. The Manager agrees that any discontinuation of the Management Fee payments in connection with the Managers waiver of the Management Fee pursuant to this Section 10(b)
shall not be deemed to be a breach of contract or otherwise a default by the Company under this Agreement, and Manager may not terminate the Management Agreement solely by reason of such discontinuation of the Management Fee. Following the end of
the Dispute Period, the Manager agrees that all waived payments of the Management Fee shall not be paid or otherwise reimbursed to the Manager by the Company, if the legal dispute between Lennar and the Company is resolved (by court order, judgment
or similar equivalent) in Lennars favor. In the event the legal dispute is resolved (by court order, judgment or similar equivalent) in the Companys favor, the Company agrees to take all necessary and appropriate action, including by
litigation or obtaining a court order, to compel Lennar to pay the total amount of waived Management Fee payments over the course of the Dispute Period to the Manager, in accordance with the terms of the Founders Rights Agreement. In the event
the expiration or termination of this Agreement occurs during a Dispute Period in which the Manager has waived all Management Fee payments pursuant to this Section 10(b), the provisions regarding the Companys obligation to compel Lennar to pay
the Manager the total amount of waived Management Fee payments over the course of the Dispute Period up to the date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement in the event the legal dispute is resolved in the Companys favor shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

(c) The Management Fee shall be payable independent of the
performance of the Company, the HOPPR or the Investments. The Manager may waive all or a portion of its fees. 

11.Expenses. 

(a) The Manager shall pay and/or otherwise be responsible for all expenses of the Company, including Operating Expenses,
other than the following: (i) Offering Expenses, including any underwriting discounts or commissions (ii) legal, accounting, financial, due diligence and other service fees incurred in connection with extraordinary litigation and
mergers and acquisitions and other events outside the Companys ordinary course of business, and (iii) costs associated with the ownership and maintenance of land on which any counterparty has failed to exercise its option to reacquire
from the Company, including maintenance, upkeep and other fees ((i)-(iii) collectively referred to as Reimbursable Expenses).

(b) The Manager shall prepare a statement documenting all Reimbursable Expenses incurred during each quarter, and shall
deliver such statement to the Board within 15 business days after the end of each quarter. Reimbursable Expenses incurred by the Manager on behalf of the Company and payable pursuant to this Section 11 shall be reimbursed
by the Company no later than the15th business day immediately following the date of delivery of such statement of Reimbursable Expenses to the Company. 

12.Other Services. Should the Board request that the Manager or any director, officer or
employee thereof render services for the Company other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such customary rates and in such customary amounts as are agreed upon by the Manager and the Board,
including a majority of the Independent Directors, subject to the limitations contained in the Articles of Incorporation, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

13.Other Activities of the Manager. Except as set forth in this Section 13 and
subject to the provisions and restrictions included in the Allocation Policy, nothing herein contained shall prevent the Manager or any of its Affiliates from engaging in or earning fees from other activities, including, without limitation, the
rendering of advice to other Persons (including other REITs and other activities related to providing the HOPPR to the Companys customers) and the management of other programs advised, sponsored or organized by Kennedy Lewis or its
Affiliates; nor shall this Agreement limit or restrict the right of any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or stockholder of the Manager or its Affiliates to engage in or earn fees from any other business or to render services of any kind
to any other partnership, corporation, firm, individual, trust or association and earn fees for rendering such services; provided, however, that the Manager and its Affiliates (a) must devote sufficient resources to the
Companys business to discharge its obligations to the Company under this Agreement, (b) may only engage in the activities described in this Section 13 to the extent allowed by and in accordance with the Allocation Policy. The
Manager may, with respect to any investment in which the Company is a participant, also render advice and service to each and every other participant therein, and earn fees for rendering such advice and service. 

The Board acknowledges that the Manager and its Affiliates are subject to various conflicts of interest, including without
limitation, those set forth in the Registration Statement. The Manager shall report to the Board the existence of any condition or circumstance, existing or anticipated, of which it has knowledge, which creates or is reasonably likely to create a
conflict of interest between the Managers obligations to the Company and its obligations to or its interest in any other partnership, corporation, firm, individual, trust or association. Any such potential or actual conflict

8 

of interest must be approved by a majority of Independent Directors, except with respect to other opportunities or transactions that the Manager or its Affiliates may engage in in accordance with
the Allocation Policy. 

14.Term and Termination Without Cause. 

(a) This Agreement shall become effective on the Spin-Off Date and shall continue in
operation, unless terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, until the third anniversary of the Spin-Off Date (the Initial Term). After the Initial Term, this Agreement
shall be deemed renewed automatically each year for an additional one-year period (an Automatic Renewal Term) unless the Company or the Manager terminates this Agreement in accordance
with Section 14(b) or 14(e), respectively. 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, (A) upon 180 days written notice in connection with an Accelerated Termination, or (B) upon 180 days written notice prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any Automatic Renewal Term, as
applicable (each such written notice referred to in Section 14(b)(A) and (B), the Termination Notice), the Company may, without cause, in connection with an Accelerated Termination or the
expiration of the Initial Term or the then current Automatic Renewal Term, as applicable, terminate this Agreement (a Termination Without Cause) upon the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Independent Directors
(or, in the case of an Accelerated Termination, the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Independent Directors), in their sole discretion, based upon (i) unsatisfactory performance by the
Manager that is materially detrimental to the Company or (ii) a determination that the Management Fee payable to the Manager is excessive, subject to Section 14(c). In the event of a Termination Without Cause, the Company shall
pay the Manager the Termination Fee before or on (i) the 180th day following the delivery of the Termination Notice in connection with an Accelerated Termination, or (ii) the last day of the Initial Term or Automatic Renewal Term, as the
case may be (in each case, the Effective Termination Date).

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions
of Subsection (b) above, if (A) the reason for termination specified in the Companys Termination Notice is that a majority of the Independent Directors (or, in the case of an Accelerated Termination, two-thirds of the Independent Directors) have determined that the Management Fee payable to the Manager is excessive, and (B) the Manager agrees that it will continue to perform its duties hereunder during the
Automatic Renewal Term that would commence upon the expiration of the Initial Term or then current Automatic Renewal Term, as applicable, at rates that at least a majority of the Independent Directors determine to be not excessive, as agreed to in
accordance with Subsection (d) below, then the Company shall not have the foregoing right to Termination Without Cause. 

(d) The Manager shall have the right to renegotiate the Management Fee by delivering to the Company, not less than 120 days
prior to the pending Effective Termination Date, written notice (a Notice of Proposal to Negotiate) of its intention to renegotiate the Management Fee. Thereupon, the Company (acting through the Board) and the Manager
shall endeavor to negotiate the Management Fee in good faith. Provided that the Company and the Manager agree to a revised Management Fee or other compensation structure within 60 days following the Companys receipt of the Notice of
Proposal to Negotiate, the Termination Notice from the Company shall be deemed of no force and effect, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect on the terms stated herein, except that the Management Fee or other compensation
structure shall be the revised Management Fee or other compensation structure effective as of the date as then agreed upon by the Company and the Manager. The Company and the Manager agree to execute and deliver an amendment to this Agreement
setting forth such revised Management Fee or other compensation structure promptly upon reaching an agreement regarding same. In the event that the Company and the Manager are unable to agree to a revised Management Fee or other compensation
structure during such 60 day period, this Agreement shall terminate 120 days after the Effective Termination Date and the Company shall be obligated to pay the Manager the Termination Fee upon the Effective Termination Date as a condition of such
termination action being effective. 

(e) No later than 180 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then
current Automatic Renewal Term, the Manager may deliver written notice to the Company informing it of the Managers intention to decline to renew this Agreement, whereupon this Agreement shall not be renewed and extended and this Agreement
shall terminate effective upon the Effective Termination Date next following the delivery of such notice. The Company shall not be required to pay to the Manager the Termination Fee if the Manager terminates this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 14(e). 

9 

(f) Except as set forth in this Section 14, a
Termination Without Cause pursuant to this Section 14 shall be without any further liability or obligation of either Party to the other, except as provided in Section 8,
Section 11(b), Section 16, Section 17 and Section 22. 

(g) This Agreement may not be terminated by the Company for any reason during the Initial Term, except in connection with an
Accelerated Termination or pursuant to Section 15. 

15.Termination for Cause and
Duties Upon Termination. 

(a) The Company upon the direction of a majority
of the Independent Directors may terminate this Agreement effective upon 30 days prior written notice of termination from the Board of Directors to the Manager (a Cause Termination Notice), without payment of any
Termination Fee, if (i) the Manager, its agents or assignees breaches any material provision of this Agreement and such breach shall continue for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof specifying such breach and requesting that the
same be remedied in such 30-day period (or 45 days after written notice of such breach if within 30 days after the written notice the Manager begins making diligent efforts to cure such breach),
(ii) there is a commencement of any proceeding relating to Kennedy Lewis or the Managers bankruptcy or insolvency, including an order for relief in an involuntary bankruptcy case or the Manager authorizing or filing a voluntary
bankruptcy petition, (iii) it is determined that Kennedy Lewis or the Manager committed fraud against the Company, misappropriated or embezzled funds of the Company, or acted, or failed to act, in a manner constituting bad faith, willful
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of the Managers duties under this Agreement, or (iv) the Manager is dissolved (each of the occurrences or conditions in (i) through (iv) being
Cause). 

(b) The Manager may terminate this Agreement effective upon 60 days prior written
notice of termination to the Company in the event that the Company shall default in the performance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in this Agreement and such default shall continue for a period of 30 days after written notice
thereof specifying such default and requesting that the same be remedied in such 30-day period (or 45 days after written notice of such breach if the Company takes steps to cure such breach within 30 days of
the written notice).

(c) The Manager shall promptly upon termination of this Agreement: 

(i) pay over to the Company all money collected and held for the account of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, after
deducting any accrued compensation and Reimbursable Expenses for which it is then entitled; 

(ii) deliver to the Board a
full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board; 

(iii) deliver to the Board all assets, including all Investments, and documents of the Company then in the custody of the
Manager. 

(d) In addition, the Manager, following termination of this Agreement, shall: 

(i) provide the Company with all information reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable the Company prepare all required
financial statements, quarterly and annual REIT testing, and all required tax returns or other tax related documents (including requests for refunds); 

(ii) reasonably cooperate with the Company, at the Companys expense, to provide an orderly management transition,
including by performing all obligations pursuant to Section 5 and performing all duties and responsibilities pursuant to a Post-Termination Management Extension, if requested by the Board of Directors of the Company, including continue to undertake
the Managers Duties and provide Administrative Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for up to 180 days following termination of this agreement. 

16.Limitation of Liability, Exculpation and Indemnification by the Company. 

(a) Whether or not expressly provided in this Agreement, every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct or
affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Manager or any of its respective Affiliates and their respective partners, members, officers, directors, employees and agents (including parties acting as agents for the execution of
transactions) (each, a Covered Person and collectively, Covered Persons) shall be subject to the provisions of this Section. 

10 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Covered Person shall be
liable to the Company (including but not limited to (i) any act or omission by any Covered Person in connection with the conduct of the business of the Company, that is determined by such Covered Person in good faith to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, (ii) any act or omission by any Covered Person based on the recommendation of any professional advisor of the Company whom such Covered Person believes is authorized to make such recommendations on behalf of
the Company, (iii) any act or omission by the Company, or (iv) any mistake, negligence, misconduct or bad faith of any broker or other agent of the Company selected by the Covered Person with reasonable care), unless any act or omission by
such Covered Person constitutes bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, intentional misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties(as determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court
or arbitration tribunal of competent jurisdiction). 

(c) A Covered Person may consult with legal counsel to, or
accountants for, the Company and any act or omission by such Covered Person on behalf of the Company or in furtherance of the business of the Company in good faith in reliance on and in accordance with the advice of such counsel or accountants shall
be full justification for the act or omission, and such Covered Person shall be fully protected in so acting or omitting to act if the counsel or accountants were selected with reasonable care. 

(d) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall indemnify and save harmless Covered Persons, from and against
any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and expenses of investigating or defending
against any claim or alleged claim, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that are incurred by any Covered Person and arise out of or in connection with the business or investments of the Company, or the performance
by the Covered Person of its responsibilities hereunder, provided that the Covered Person shall not be entitled to indemnification hereunder to the extent the Covered Persons conduct constitutes bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance,
intentional misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties (as determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court or arbitration tribunal of competent jurisdiction). The termination of any
proceeding by settlement, judgment, order or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the Covered Persons conduct constituted bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, intentional
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties (as determined by a non-appealable judgment of a court or arbitration tribunal of competent jurisdiction). 

(e) Expenses incurred by a Covered Person in defense or settlement of any claim that shall be subject to a right of
indemnification hereunder, shall be advanced by the Company prior to the final disposition thereof upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay the amount advanced to the extent that it shall be determined ultimately
that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified hereunder. 

(f) The right of any Covered Person to the
indemnification provided herein shall be cumulative of, and in addition to, any and all indemnification rights to which the Covered Person may otherwise be entitled by contract or as a matter of law or equity and shall be extended to the Covered
Persons successors, assigns and legal representatives. 

(g) The provisions of this
Section 16 are expressly intended to confer benefits upon Covered Persons and such provisions shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration or any termination of this Agreement. 

(h) No Covered Person shall be liable hereunder for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent
thereto. 

17.Indemnification by the Manager. 

(a) The Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its subsidiaries from all claims, liabilities, damages,
losses, costs and expenses, including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and expenses of investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim, of any
nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that are incurred by reason of (i) the Managers bad faith, fraud, willful misfeasance, intentional misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties, or
(ii) any claims by the Managers employees or Third Parties relating to their employment or engagement on behalf of the Company; provided, however, that the Manager shall not be held responsible for any

11 

action of the Board in following or declining to follow any written advice or written recommendation given by the Manager. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the aggregate maximum amount that the Manager may be liable to
the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall, to the extent not prohibited by law, never exceed the amount of the total Management Fees received by the Manager under this Agreement. In no event shall the Manager be liable for special, exemplary,
punitive, indirect, or consequential loss, or damage of any kind whatsoever. 

(c) The provisions of this
Section 17 are expressly intended to confer benefits upon the Company and its subsidiaries and such provisions shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration or any termination of this
Agreement. 

18.Representations and Warranties. 

(a) The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Manager, all of which shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement: 

(i) The Company is a corporationduly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland. The Company has all power and authority required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform all its duties and obligations hereunder. The Company has the power and authority and the
legal right to own and operate its assets, to lease any property it may operate as lessee and to conduct the business in which it expects to engage and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each
jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that could not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the
business operations, assets or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole. 

(ii)
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by the Company have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company. No consent of any other Person that has not already been obtained, including stockholders and
creditors of the Company, and no license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any governmental authority is required by the Company in connection with this Agreement
or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. 

(iii) This Agreement has been, and each instrument or document required hereunder will be, executed and delivered by a duly
authorized officer of the Company, and this Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required hereunder when executed and delivered hereunder will constitute, a legal, valid, and binding instrument, agreement or document of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership and similar laws from time to time in effect and general principles of equity, including, without limitation, those
relating to the availability of specific performance. 

(iv) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation binding on the Company, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority binding on the
Company, or the Governing Instruments of, or any securities issued by the Company or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of its
assets may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, and will not result in, or require, the
creation or imposition of any lien on any of the property, assets or revenues of the Company pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking. 

(b) The Manager hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company, all of which shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement: 

12 

(i) The Manager is a limited liability company duly formed, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is qualified to do business and is in good standing in Maryland. The Manager has all power and authority required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform all its
duties and obligations hereunder, subject only to its qualifying to do business and obtaining all requisite permits and licenses required as a result of or relating to the nature or location of any of the assets or properties of the Company (which
it shall do promptly after being required to do so). The Manager has the limited partnership power and authority and the legal right to conduct the business in which it is expected to engage as Manager and is duly qualified as a foreign partnership
and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that could not in the
aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Manager or the Company. 

(ii) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by the Manager have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of the Manager. No consent of any other Person, and no license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any governmental authority is required by the
Manager in connection with this Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. 

(iii) This Agreement has been, and each instrument or document required hereunder will be, executed and delivered by a duly
authorized officer of the Manager, and this Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required hereunder when executed and delivered hereunder will constitute, a legal, valid, and binding instrument, agreement or document of the Manager
enforceable against the Manager in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership and similar laws from time to time in effect and general principles of equity, including, without limitation, those relating to
the availability of specific performance. 

(iv) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation binding on the Manager or any Affiliate, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority binding
on the Manager or any Affiliate, or the Governing Instruments of, or any securities issued by the Manager or any Affiliate or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Manager or any
Affiliate is a party or by which the Manager or any Affiliate or any of their respective assets may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Manager or the
Company, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking.

19.Notices. Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand,
by courier or overnight carrier or by registered or certified mail to the addresses set forth below: 

To the Company: 

Millrose Properties, Inc.

[redacted]

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

with a copy to:

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

13 

To the Manager: 

Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC

[redacted]

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

with a copy to:

Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its
address for the purposes of this Section 19. 

20.Modification. This
Agreement shall not be amended, supplemented, modified, terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. Further, Section 25
cannot be amended without the consent of Lennar. 

21.Severability. The provisions of this Agreement
are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 

22.Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS AT THE TIME IN EFFECT, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF THAT WOULD APPLY THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, OR THE FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK INCLUDING ANY APPELLATE COURTS
THEREFROM. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT. 

23.Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to
the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. 

24.Amendment. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only
by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. 

25.Assignments. This Agreement may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by the Manager, unless such assignment
is consented to in writing by the Company with the approval of a majority of the Independent Directors, except that this Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part to any assignee that is, or is an affiliated with, a company engaged in land
development or construction, sale or rental of single family homes or multifamily residential buildings. Any such permitted assignment shall bind the assignee under this Agreement in the same manner as the Manager is bound, and the Manager shall be
liable to the Company for all acts or omissions of the assignee under any such assignment. In addition, the assignee shall execute and deliver to the Company a counterpart of this Agreement naming such assignee as the Manager. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Manager may, without the 

14 

consent of the Company or the approval of the Companys Independent Directors, delegate to one or more of its Affiliates, including sub-advisors where
applicable, the performance of any of its responsibilities hereunder so long as it remains liable for any such Affiliates performance. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude any pledge, hypothecation or other transfer of any
amounts payable to the Manager under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the prior written consent of the Manager, except in the case of assignment by the Company to another REIT or other organization which is
a successor (by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets, or other transaction) to the Company, in which case such successor organization shall be bound under this Agreement and by the terms of such assignment in the same manner as the Company is
bound under this Agreement. 

For purposes of this Section 25, the occurrence of both David K.
Chene and Darren L. Richman (i) ceasing to exercise control over the management or decision-making process at Kennedy Lewis, (ii) ceasing to exercise direct or indirect control (including through delegated employees) over the management of the
Company or (iii) transferring or conveying any membership interests in Kennedy Lewis, directly or indirectly, to a company (or any affiliate thereof) engaged primarily in the building of single family homes in the United States or a company (or any
affiliate thereof) engaged primarily in acquiring and developing homesites in the United States will be deemed to constitute an assignment, in whole, of this Agreement by the Manager and its Affiliates. 

26.No Waiver. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any
right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right,
remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be
effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

27.Pronouns and Plurals. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall
include the plural and vice versa. 

28.Headings. The titles of Sections and Subsections contained in
this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 

29.Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more
counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 

30. Third Party Beneficiaries. Solely for purposes of Section 5 and Section 10(b) herein, the parties acknowledge and
agree that Lennar is an intended third party beneficiary and shall be entitled to an injunction or an order of specific performance (or another non-monetary equitable remedy) to cause the provisions in Section 5 and Section 10(b) herein to be
enforced for the benefit of Lennar in furtherance of protecting and exercising its rights under the Founders Rights Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that no amendment or waiver of Section 5 and Section 10(b) herein, which would
adversely affect the rights and benefits of Lennar, as an intended third party beneficiary, shall be effective without the written consent of Lennar. 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

Millrose Properties, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Co-Managing Partner, Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC

[Signature Page to Management Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Description of Administration Services. 

Manager will perform the following administration services: 

(i) 

Engage in and conduct activities associated with the on-going
monitoring and servicing of investments, including without limitation: (a) calculation, invoicing, collection of all amounts owed to the Company and its subsidiaries under all HOPPR transaction documents, including, initial option
deposits; monthly option fees; homesite sale proceeds; and any other income due and payable under the in-place option agreements and/or construction agreements; (b) receipt, review and execution of
homesite purchase documentation in accordance with all HOPPR transaction documents; (c) receipt, review and where appropriate, execution of property related documentation including at closing and throughout the life of the property and
development; (d) depositing payments received into accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries; and (e) liaise with homebuilder counterparties as needed; 

(ii) 

Option termination and default management will include, without limitation, the following: (a) identify
option termination and defaults and issue notices, (b) engage in risk mitigation and recovery efforts with counterparty, including oversight of third party vendors; and oversight and analysis of remaining horizontal development, and
(c) facilitate sale of land assets not repurchased by Lennar or other Persons, as applicable, pursuant to its option to repurchase such land assets; 

(iii) 

Record keeping and document management will include, without limitation, the following: (a) the
HOPPR documents, including maintaining complete sets of closing documentation and amendments; maintaining records and copies of all executed project documents, takedown requests, construction draws and notices; and maintaining and timely
filing memorandum of option terminations; and (b) maintaining all electronic communications in accordance with the Managers guidelines; 

(iv) 

Coordinate contractual relationships and communications between the Company and its contractual service
providers; 

(v) 

Assist with any future equity offerings by the Company and with the registration of any securities of the
Company, including as required under the Registration Rights Agreement dated February 7, 2025, by and between Lennar and the Company; 

(vi) 

cooperate to execute on any acquisition that the Company may be obligated to pursue and execute pursuant to
any of the HOPPR transaction documents with Lennar; 

(vii) 

Prepare for execution and file the Companys federal and state tax returns: prepare a fiscal tax
provision in coordination with the annual audit; prepare an excise tax provision; and prepare all relevant 1099 calculations, and prepare income and capital gain distributions; 

(viii) 

Prepare the quarterly and annual financial statements in compliance with GAAP; 

(ix) 

Monitor the Companys compliance with the Code and SEC reporting requirements; 

(x) 

Prepare, coordinate with the Companys counsel and coordinate all filings with the SEC, including:
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; annual reports on Form 10-K, and current reports on Form 8-K; assist in the preparation of Forms
3, 4 and 5 pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the officers and directors of the Company, such filings to be based on information provided by those persons; 

(xi) 

Assist in the preparation of notices of meetings of shareholders, coordinate preparation of proxy
statements, including obtaining information required to be disclosed by applicable regulations and the engagement of proxy solicitors on behalf of the Company, and perform investor-relations and Stockholder communications functions for the Company;

(xii) 

Assist in obtaining directors and officers errors and omissions insurance policies and other
insurance policies that pertain to the operation of the Companys business (such as property, cybersecurity and general liability insurance) for the Company, including evaluation of insurance carriers, recommending appropriate coverage levels
and evaluating the costs thereof, as such policies are approved by the Companys Board of Directors; 

(xiii) 

Draft agendas and resolutions for quarterly and special board meetings; 

A-1 

(xiv) 

Coordinate the preparation, assembly and posting of board materials; 

(xv) 

Attend board meetings and draft minutes thereof; 

(xvi) 

Maintain the Companys calendar to assure compliance with various filing and board approval deadlines;

(xvii) 

Assist the Company in the handling of SEC examinations and responses thereto; 

(xviii) 

Provide (to such person or entity as agreed between the Company and Manager) a sub-certification in support of certain matters set forth in the certifications required to be delivered by the Companys chief executive officer and chief financial officer as part of the Companys Form 10-Q or Form 10-K filing pursuant to regulations promulgated by the SEC, such sub-certification to be in such form and relating to such
matters as agreed between the Company and Manager from time to time. The Manager shall be required to provide the sub-certification only during the term of the Agreement and only if it receives such
cooperation as it may request to perform its investigations with respect to the sub-certification. For clarity, the sub-certification is not itself a certification under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or under any other regulatory requirement; 

(xix) 

Prepare and coordinate the Companys state notice filings; 

(xx) 

Furnish the Company office space in the offices of Manager, or in such other place or places as may be
agreed from time to time, and all necessary office facilities, simple business equipment, supplies, utilities and telephone service for managing the affairs of the Company, and the procurement and maintenance of appropriate information technology
services to perform the administrative services described herein; 

(xxi) 

Perform clerical, bookkeeping and other administrative services not provided by the Companys other
service providers; 

(xxii) 

Determine or oversee the determination of the Companys Tangible Assets in accordance with the
Companys policies as adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors provided that any such determination for the purpose of calculating Managers Management Fee may be reviewed by the Board of Directors, a risk committee of
the Board of Directors or another committee consisting entirely of Independent Directors pursuant to Section 9; 

(xxiii) 

Oversee the maintenance by the Companys custodian and transfer agent and dividend disbursing agent of
certain books and records of the Company and maintain (or oversee maintenance by such other persons as approved by the Board of Directors) such other books and records required by law or for the proper operation of the Company;

(xxiv) 

Prepare such information and reports as may be required by any stock exchange or exchanges on which the
Companys securities are listed; 

(xxv) 

Determine the amounts available for distribution as dividends and distributions to be paid by the Company to
its shareholders and recommend to the Board the amounts of dividends that should be paid and the extent to which those dividends should be cash or Shares; calculate, analyze and prepare a detailed income analysis and forecast future earnings for
presentation to the Board of Directors; prepare and arrange for dividend notices to shareholders, as applicable, and provide the Companys dividend disbursing agent and custodian with such information as is required for such parties to effect
the payment of dividends and distributions and to implement the Companys dividend reinvestment plan, if any; 

(xxvi) 

Serve as liaison between the Company and each of its service providers; 

(xxvii) 

Assist in monitoring and tracking the daily cash flows of the individual assets of the Company, as well as
security position data of portfolio investments; assist in resolving any identified discrepancies with the appropriate third party, including the Companys custodian, administrative agents and other service providers, through various means
including researching available data via agent notices, financial news and data services, and other sources; 

A-2 

(xxvii) 

Monitor compliance with leverage tests under the Companys credit facility, if any, and communicate
with leverage providers and rating agencies; 

(xxviii) 

Coordinate negotiation and renewal of credit agreements for presentation to the Board of Directors;

(xxix) 

Coordinate negotiations of agreements with counterparties and the Companys custodian for derivatives
and similar transactions, as applicable; 

(xxx) 

Retain, coordinate and oversee the provision of legal services to the Company; 

(xxxi) 

Cooperate with the Companys independent registered public accounting firm in connection with audits
and reviews of the Companys financial statements, including interviews and other meetings, as necessary; 

(xxxii) 

Provide Secretary and any Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and any Assistant Treasurers and other officers
for the Company as requested or required by Maryland law; 

(xxxiii) 

Develop or assist in developing guidelines and procedures to improve overall compliance by the Company;

(xxxiv) 

Determine and monitor expense accruals for the Company; 

(xxxv) 

Authorize expenditures and approve bills for payment on behalf of the Company; 

(xxxvi) 

Monitor the number of Shares registered under the Securities Act and assist in the registration of
additional Shares, as necessary; 

(xxxvii) 

Exercise or procure the exercise of any rights of the Company with respect to any class action proceedings
or other legal action concerning investments of the Company; 

(xxxviii) 

Prepare such reports as the Board of Directors of the Company may request from time to time;

(xxxix) 

Notify the Company promptly (and no later than within ten days) of any acquisition or disposition of
ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by David K. Chene or Darren L. Richman of any membership interests of Kennedy Lewis; 

(xl) 

Provide to the Company a certificate (signed by an officer of Kennedy Lewis) of ownership of the aggregate
issued and outstanding membership interests of Kennedy Lewis, including, but not limited to, any acquisition or disposition of ownership of any membership interests by David K. Chene or Darren L. Richman, that the Board of Directors of the Company
may request from time to time, but no more than once per quarter; and 

(xli) 

Perform such additional administrative duties relating to the administration of the Company as may
subsequently be agreed upon in writing between the Company and Manager. 

A-3 

EXHIBIT B 

Investment Guidelines 

General
Guidelines and Procedures for Providing the HOPPR 

1. 

Maintain geographic diversity so that no more than 40% of the total value of the Companys real estate
assets are concentrated in a single state. 

2. 

Limit real estate assets with discretionary entitlements that create unnecessary risk to the projected time
schedule. 

3. 

Ensure execution of construction agreements allocating responsibility to counterparty for completion of all
sitework and guarantee of costs in excess of budget. 

4. 

Ensure execution of an option agreement on or prior to closing with a defined Homesite takedown schedule.

5. 

Invest in real estate assets with a primary planned use as homesites for single-family detached and/or
attached homes. 

6. 

Invest in real estate assets that are free from liens and encumbrances or material transfer restrictions and
without pending moratoriums on building or development on the property; provided, however, that the real estate assets may be subject to Community Development Districts (CDDs), Mello-Roos Community Facilities Districts (CFDs)
(California), Municipal Utility Development Districts (MUDDs) (Texas), or other special-purpose districts or special taxing districts used to finance public improvements and infrastructure. 

7. 

Invest in real estate assets for which there is a satisfactory Environmental Site Assessment dated no
earlier than 180 days prior to the date of acquisition of such property. 

8. 

Invest in real estate assets that allow builder rights to such assets to be assignable.

9. 

No investment will be made that would cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT. 

10. 

No investment will be made that would cause the Company to register as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act. 

11. 

Subject to the terms of the Allocation Policy and the requirements for maintaining the Company qualification
as a REIT, the Manager may invest as it deems appropriate any proceeds of future offering by the Company and cash from operations and capital transactions in excess of the amount required for the purchase of real estate assets pursuant to these
Investment Guidelines may be invested as the Manager deems appropriate, subject to the requirements for maintaining the Companys qualification as a REIT including complying with section 856(c)(4)(B)(iv) which prohibits a REIT from holding
securities (a) from a single issuer that represent more than five percent of the value of the REITs total assets (b) representing more than ten percent of the voting power of any one issuer, or (c) representing more than ten
percent of the value of any one issuer. 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

Manager Investment Allocation Policy 

Dated February 7, 2025 

Certain entities managed by affiliates of Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC (Kennedy Lewis) are currently allocating
capital to the land banking strategy: Kennedy Lewis Capital Partners Master Fund III LP and its related parallel vehicles KLIM Delta HQ3 LP and Kennedy Lewis Capital Partners (EU) SPV LP (Fund III) and Kennedy Lewis Residential
Property Income Company LP (KLRES, and together with Fund III, the Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts). Fund III is advised by Kennedy Lewis Management LP and KLRES is advised by Kennedy Lewis Residential Property
Income Advisors LLC. Kennedy Lewis also manages Millrose Properties, Inc. (Millrose), which provides land banking to home builders and developers. Additionally, subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth herein, Kennedy
Lewis may allocate capital to land banking investments through other vehicles and may raise other funds or capital vehicles with the ability to allocate capital to land banking investments (Overflow Funds), including with respect to any
third party who sends a writing to Millrose stating that it will not do business with Millrose and will only do such business with Kennedy Lewis and/or its affiliates outside of Millrose (a Non-Millrose Deal). 

1. 

Definitions 

Available Capital shall mean (i) for Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts, any capital available for investment and not
subject to commitments of each respective entity, and (ii) for Millrose, any capital available for investment except for capital over which Lennar has exercised Lennars Capital Priority Right (as such terms are defined in the
Founders Rights Agreement). 

HOPPR shall mean Lennars homesite option purchase platform, a
comprehensive suite of systems and procedures that Lennar has developed to operate and manage the acquisition, financing and development of land assets on a large scale. 

KLmeans Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, an affiliate and wholly-owned subsidiary of Kennedy
Lewis. 

KL Existing Investment shall mean land that is part of an existing land banking investment of Kennedy Lewis.

KL Follow-on Investment Opportunity shall mean an opportunity to land bank
additional land that is generally adjacent to but in all cases is an integral part of a land development project that includes, a KL Existing Investment. 

Lennar Related Ventures shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Master Program Agreement. 

Management Agreement shall mean the Management Agreement, by and between Millrose and KL, dated as of February 7, 2025.

Master Program Agreement shall mean the Master Program Agreement, by and between Millrose and U.S. Home, LLC, dated as
of February 7, 2025. 

Other Customers shall mean any residential home builder or real estate development company in the
United States, excluding Lennar and any Lennar Related Ventures, that can utilize the HOPPR or similar arrangements with Millrose (through any Other Subsidiaries). 

Other Subsidiaries means any subsidiaries of Millrose, other than Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC and any Property LLCs,
that may be created from time to time for the purpose of providing the HOPPR to any Lennar Related Ventures or Other Customers. 

Property LLC shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Recognition, Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement, by and among Millrose, Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, each Property LLC and U.S. Home, LLC, dated as of February 7, 2025. 

C-1 

2. 

Millrose Directed Transactions 

During the time that KL serves as the manager of Millrose, for transactions with Other Customers that are directed by Lennar or others to
Millrose, or that specifically request to engage in land banking with Millrose (collectively, Millrose Directed Customers), KL will adhere to that preference and will direct 100% of the investment opportunity to Millrose, provided
that Millrose has Available Capital. Further, any follow-on transactions with Millrose Directed Customers will also be directed to Millrose without application of the allocation policy, provided that Millrose
has Available Capital. 

3. 

Kennedy Lewis Follow-on Transactions 

If KL is presented a KL Follow-on Investment Opportunity, then KL may direct 100% of such KL Follow-on Investment Opportunity to Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts or Overflow Funds. Any opportunity related to a KL Existing Investment or an existing Kennedy Lewis client that is presented to KL and does not
qualify as a KL Follow-on Investment Opportunity shall be subject to the allocation procedures detailed in Section 4. 

4. 

All Other Transactions 

For all other transactions with Other Customers, KL will adhere to the following allocation procedures when allocating land banking
opportunities between Millrose and the Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts during Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts investment periods: 

4.1. 

The initial step in the allocation of an investment opportunity is KLs determination as to whether
Millrose or a Kennedy Lewis Priority Account is most appropriate for the opportunity based on an evaluation of various factors (the Allocation Considerations), including but not limited to: 

a. 

The size, nature and type of the opportunity (including the risk and return profiles of the land parcels,
expected holding period and other attributes); 

b. 

The requirements of the investment guidelines of the Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts and Millrose;

c. 

Principles of diversification of assets; 

d. 

Expected future capacity of the Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts and Millrose; 

e. 

Available Capital (including for pipeline, follow-on and other
opportunities); 

f. 

Follow-on nature of the transaction; and 

g. 

Other portfolio management considerations reasonably deemed relevant by KL (including, among others, legal,
regulatory, tax, structuring, compliance, investment-specific, timing and similar considerations). 

4.2. 

With regard to an investment that is deemed appropriate for Millrose and not a Kennedy Lewis Priority
Account after evaluation of the Allocation Considerations, the investment will be allocated to Millrose. 

4.3. 

With regard to investments that are deemed appropriate for both Millrose and a Kennedy Lewis Priority
Account after evaluation of the Allocation Considerations, the investment will be allocated to Millrose and a Kennedy Lewis Priority Account on a rotation basis (the Rotation Allocation). The Rotation Allocation will begin with
Millrose, then the Kennedy Lewis Priority Account and alternate thereafter, subject to Section 4.8. 

C-2 

4.4. 

If there is more than one investment opportunity to be allocated at a given time, the order of the Rotation
Allocation will be based on the date the investment opportunities were first presented to the KL Investment Committee, with the oldest investment being allocated first. 

4.5. 

If Millrose chooses not to pursue an investment opportunity allocated pursuant to the Rotation Allocation
procedure because it either doesnt have Available Capital or because that investment opportunity is not appropriate because it doesnt satisfy the Allocation Considerations, KL will allocate the investment opportunity to a Kennedy Lewis
Priority Account. 

4.6. 

If a Kennedy Lewis Priority Account chooses not to pursue an investment opportunity allocated pursuant to
the Rotation Allocation procedure for any reason, KL will allocate the investment opportunity to Millrose or, as the case may be, attempt to renegotiate the terms of such investment opportunity so that it may be suitable for Millrose, assuming
Millrose has Available Capital. 

4.7. 

No Overflow Fund will be part of the Rotation Allocation and no such fund will be provided a land banking
opportunity by KL except as follows: 

a. 

If neither Millrose nor a Kennedy Lewis Priority Account has sufficient Available Capital for a land banking
opportunity at the applicable time, then such opportunity may be allocated to an Overflow Fund at the discretion of KL; and 

b. 

With the approval of the Board of Directors of Millrose, an Overflow Fund may be recategorized so that it is
part of the Kennedy Lewis Priority Account and is eligible for the Rotation Allocation. 

4.8. 

Following the completion of the Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts investment period, the Rotation
Allocation will terminate and KL will allocate each land banking opportunity solely to Millrose, provided that Millrose has Available Capital, subject to a Non-Millrose Deal. 

5. 

Limitation on Fund Raising by KL and Affiliates 

5.1. 

Except as set forth herein regarding Overflow Funds and the $1B Allocation (as defined below), KL, on behalf
of itself and any investment management company that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with KL (collectively, Kennedy Lewis Companies), agrees that
without the approval of the Millrose Board of Directors, it will not raise funds, or engage anybody else to raise funds for any entity or otherwise to provide land banking or any similar form of real estate financing, other than for Millrose or a
subsidiary of Millrose. 

5.2. 

Notwithstanding Section 5.1, the Kennedy Lewis Companies are permitted to raise capital contributions
for Kennedy Lewis Capital Partners Master Fund IV LP and its related parallel vehicles (a successor fund to Fund III) without obtaining the consent of the Millrose Board of Directors, and Kennedy Lewis Companies, in their discretion, may allocate up
to a total of $1 billion of such capital raised for land banking investing (the $1B Allocation). 

5.3. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Kennedy Lewis Companies shall be permitted to raise, (1) capital for
successor funds to Fund III, which, except for the $1B Allocation will be deemed an Overflow Fund, (2) capital for other investment vehicles that may allocate to land banking but whose primary investment strategy is not land banking, which will
be deemed an Overflow Fund; and (3) capital for investment vehicles whose primary investment strategy is land banking, which vehicles will then be Overflow Funds. 

6. 

Reporting 

C-3 

As part of KLs quarterly reporting to the Millrose Board of Directors, KL shall report
on (i) the number of KL Follow-on Investment Opportunities that were allocated to Kennedy Lewis Priority Accounts or Overflow Funds during that quarter and certify that such allocations were done in
accordance with the terms hereof and (ii) the number of investment opportunities that were allocated in accordance with, and the number of investment opportunities excluded from, the Rotation Allocation. 

7. 

Amendments 

No provision of this Manager Investment Allocation Policy may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by an instrument
in writing approved by the Millrose Board of Directors and an authorized representative of KL. 

C-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d760441dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FOUNDERS RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS FOUNDERS RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of February 7, 2025 (the Effective
Date) and is by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company) and U.S. Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, Founder, and together with the Company, collectively, the Parties and each, a
Party). 

RECITALS 

A. Founder, its Affiliates and its Affiliates divisions and subdivisions (including, without limitation, any wholly-owned direct or
indirect subsidiary of Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation, collectively, the Founder Parties and each, a Founder Party) are in the business of, among other things, acquiring land and
developing residences thereon. 

B. The Founder Parties have developed the Homesite Option Purchase Platform (the
HOPPR) and have licensed its use to the Company and its affiliates, including Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MPHL), and
their other respective subsidiaries and affiliates (including, without limitation, the Company, collectively, the Company Affiliates and each, a Company Affiliate). 

C. The Founder Parties have contributed or caused to be contributed to one or more Company Affiliates, among other things, the direct or
indirect right, title and interest of certain Founder Parties in and to certain parcels of real property having an aggregate Book Value of approximately $5.2 billion (such parcels of real property, collectively, the Initial
Properties and each, an Initial Property). 

D. The Founder Parties have contributed or caused to
be contributed to one or more Company Affiliates cash in the amount of up to $500 million (the Initial Cash Contribution and together with the HOPPR, the Initial Properties, the services that Founders
personnel will provide to the Company relating to the identification, evaluation and acquisition of future land inventory and land development and any additional assets, directly or indirectly contributed to the Company by Founder, the
Initial Founder Assets). 

E. To induce the Founder Parties to provide for the contribution of the Initial
Founder Assets, as well as the time, resources and capital to form the Company and prepare it for becoming an independent publicly traded company, the Company desires to provide the Founder Parties with certain rights as set forth herein. 

AGREEMENT 

For the Initial
Founder Assets, the covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and legal sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Additional Capital Amount shall mean, on a going forward basis, the total amount of any capital raised by the Company
specifically for projects of Founder or any Founder Party, which may be a part of a larger debt or equity offering by the Company deployed by the Company, to finance projects of Founder or any Founder Party, excluding the Initial Capital Amount.

Additional Equity Issuance shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.02(b). 

Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble
hereof. 

Applicable Law shall mean any law, regulation, rule, ordinance court order, judgement or equivalent
issued by any federal, state, county, regional, local or municipal government, any bureau, department, agency or political subdivision of thereof and any Person with jurisdiction exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government (including any court)(collectively and individually, as the context may require, a Governmental Authority). 

Applicable Rate shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.04. 

Applicable Rate Adjustment Event shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.04.

Applicable Rate Adjustment Notice shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.04. 

Applicable Rate Adjustment Right shall have the meaning ascribed
thereto in Section 3.04. 

Articles of Amendment and Restatement shall mean the
articles of amendment and restatement of the Company, as amended, restated, amended and restated or supplemented from time to time. 

Available Debt shall mean all debt raised or secured by the Company in excess of any Excluded Capital. 

Available Equity shall mean all equity raised by the Company in excess of any Excluded Capital. 

Book Value of an asset means he value of that asset shown on the books of the Company in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Capital Priority Right shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.03(a). 

Committed Transactions and Committed
Transaction shall mean Company Transactions, which as of a given Reservation Date, are in connection with (i) Properties submitted to the Program with outstanding work being financed or anticipated to be financed during the
forthcoming Reservation Period or (ii) Committee-Approved projects pursuant to the Program that are expected to require financing over the forthcoming Reservation Period. 

Committee-Approved shall mean approved by the investment committee of the Manager or, absent such committee, an
investment committee established by the Company. 

Company shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the
Preamble hereof. 

2 

Company Affiliates and Company Affiliate
shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Recital B. 

Company Transaction
shall mean any investment, acquisition, project or program by the Company for the benefit of a builder or developer, including a Founder Party or Other Customer. 

Courts shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.10(a). 

Cross-Termination Agreement shall mean any agreement between any Founder Party and any Company Affiliate aggregating
Homesites into mutually dependent pools. 

CPR Capital shall mean (a) 25% of Available Debt, excluding
(i) all debt available under any revolving credit facility, and (ii) any other debt raised by the Company specifically to refinance, retire or redeem existing debt, plus (b) 25% of the amount of Available Equity, excluding
(i) any equity specifically raised to pay down or refinance any outstanding amounts on any credit facility that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have, and (ii) any equity raised in connection with the Companys issuance of
additional shares of Class A Common Stock (or any other equity securities in a manner consistent with its charter) to any Other Customer in exchange for Future Property Assets, minus (c) the sum of the following (to the extent not
already excluded from the calculation of CPR Capital): (i) any capital reserved to be used to pay off any pending (i.e., within 90 days) debt maturity, (ii) any capital that the Company is required to distribute to its shareholders in
connection with maintaining its REIT status for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) any capital amounts accrued and reserved for any loss contingencies such as ongoing litigation or other matters not covered under the Managers
management fee, including any portion of a revolving credit facility used exclusively for such expenses; provided that the cumulative amount of CPR Capital used in the calculation of Priority Amount shall not exceed the CPR Capital Limit.

CPR Capital Limit shall mean $10 billion minus the Initial Capital Amount minus any Lost Priority
Capital. 

Dispute shall have the meaning ascribed to thereto in Section 4.03. 

Dispute Period shall mean, with respect to any dispute with respect to a Pooling Violation Allegation, the period
commencing on the date on which the applicable Founder Party intended to close on the purchase of certain Homesites (and the Company did not close such purchase) and ending on the date of the final resolution or final unappealable judgment or
settlement. 

Effective Date shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble hereof. 

Excess Capital shall mean all capital held by the Company as of a specified date, after deducting the Priority
Amount and Reserved Deal Capital. 

Excluded Capital shall mean the first $2 billion, in aggregate, of debt
and equity raised by the Company from any source whatsoever, excluding the Initial Capital Amount, Additional Capital Amount, Restored Lost Capital Amount, Recycled Capital Amount and Other Customers Priority Capital. 

Founder shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Preamble hereof. 

Founder Attorney-in-Fact shall have
the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.01(b). 

Founder Party and Founder
Parties shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Recital A. 

Founders Rights shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Article II. 

Founders Rights Default shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5.01.

Future Property Assets shall mean any future Homesites, prospective Homesites, properties or other related land
assets that the Company may acquire with and pursuant to its arrangements with its customers, including Founder Parties and Other Customers. 

Governmental Authority shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the definition of Applicable
Law. 

Homesite shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the definition of
Program. 

HOPPR shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Recital B. 

3 

Initial Capital Amount shall mean an amount equal to the value of
the Initial Founder Assets, which amount shall be confirmed by Founder in accordance with that certain Distribution Agreement dated as of January 16, 2025 by and between Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and the Company, and thereafter set
forth in the books and records of the Company. 

Initial Founder Assets shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in Recital D. 

Initial Founders Shares shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.02(b). 

Initial Properties and Initial Property
shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Recital C. 

Kennedy Lewis means
Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC, an affiliate and parent company of Manager. 

Key Man shall mean,
individually David K. Chene or Darren L. Richman, and collectively, Key Men. 

Lost Priority
Capital shall mean, as of a given Reservation Date, the portion of the Reserved Priority Amount for which Founder Parties had insufficient transactions to use (including in connection with site development work on land that is owned by
Company Affiliates or that the Company intends to acquire) during the Reservation Period preceding such Reservation Date. 

Lost Priority Capital Recovery Right shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.03(b). 

Manager shall mean Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Management Agreement shall mean that certain Management Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and between
the Company and Manager. 

Management Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.01(b). 

Master Construction Agreement shall mean that certain Master
Construction Agreement of even date herewith by and between the Company, MPHL and Founder. 

Master Option
Agreement shall mean that certain Master Option Agreement of even date herewith by and between the Company, MPHL and Founder. 

Master Program Agreement shall mean that certain Master Program Agreement, of even date herewith, by and between the
Company, as Owner and Founder, as Lennar. 

4 

Monthly Option Payments shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.04. 

MPHL shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Recital B. 

Other Customers and Other Customer shall have
the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the definition of Third-Party Commitment. 

Other Customers
Priority Capital shall mean, subject to the proviso in the definition of Restored Lost Capital Amount and to Section 3.03(b), an amount equal to the value of the initial capital (including
the value of any assets) contributed by any Other Customer to the Company pursuant to a Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution that is reserved for such Other Customers use pursuant to the terms of the agreement between the Company and such Other
Customer. 

Parties and Party shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in
the Preamble hereof. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint
venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Pause
Periods and Pause Period shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Section 3.07. 

Pause Rate shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.07. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Pooling Violation Allegation shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.03. 

Priority Amount shall mean an
amount equal to (i) the Initial Capital Amount plus (ii) the Additional Capital Amount, plus (iii) the CPR Capital, plus (iv) the Restored Lost Capital Amount, plus (v) the Recycled Capital Amount
less (vi) any (x) Lost Priority Capital and (y) Reserved Deal Capital. 

Program shall mean a transaction by which Company Affiliates will acquire residential land and related rights,
contract with a Founder Party to complete various on-site and off-site related improvements, and grant such Founder Party an option to acquire such fully-developed
homesites on such land (each, a Homesite) in accordance with a pre-determined acquisition schedule (and all related activities). 

Program Documents shall mean the Master Program Agreement, the Master Option Agreement, the Master Construction
Agreement, any Cross-Termination Agreement and any and all addenda to the foregoing. 

5 

Properties shall mean any residential properties consisting of
(i) properties owned by a Founder Party as of the Effective Date or acquired by a Founder Party subsequent to the Effective Date, and (ii) properties that a Founder Party has, as of the Effective Date, a contractual right to acquire. 

Recycled Capital Amount shall mean, all Excess Capital provided by the Company to a Founder Party to finance a
Founder project for which Founder paid an option rate based on the prevailing market rate, to the extent such amount had been repaid. 

Reservation Date shall mean (i) the first day of the month immediately following the date that is 12 calendar
months from the Effective Date; and (ii) thereafter, the first day of each month that is three calendar months following the preceding Reservation Date. 

Reservation Period shall mean the period from and including a Reservation Date to but excluding the next succeeding
Reservation Date. 

Reserved Deal Capital shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.03(c). 

Reserved Priority Amount shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.03(a). 

Restored Lost Capital Amount shall mean, as of a Reservation
Date, all Excess Capital not subject to a Third-Party Commitment, up to the amount of any Lost Priority Capital, and excluding Other Customers Priority Capital provided by the Company in a Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution; providedthat if the Company lacks sufficient capital to satisfy the Restored Lost Capital Amount and the Other Customers Priority Capital, then the allocation of available capital among Founders Lost Capital Amount and such Other
Customers Other Customers Priority Capital shall be in proportion to the total assets contributed by each such party to the Company. 

Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.02. 

Sunset Threshold Event shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 3.01. 

Third-Party Commitment shall mean any Company Transactions with any
customers other than Founder or a Founder Party (such other customers, Other Customers, each an Other Customer), including, without limitation (i) all existing Company Transactions pursuant to
executed agreements and (ii) all Committee-Approved Company Transactions for which the Company has executed a memorandum of understanding, letter of intent, term sheet or similar instrument. 

6 

ARTICLE II 

EXCLUSIVITY 

The Company
agrees that the rights, powers, remedies and privileges granted to Founder set forth in the following provisions (collectively, the Founders Rights) are and shall remain exclusive to Founder Parties (other than the
Effective Equity Price Protection Right): 

(a) the consent right set forth in Section 3.01
(Management Succession), 

(b) the right to receive shares at no cost set forth in Section 3.02
(Effective Equity Price Protection Right), 

(c) the right to have Lost Priority Capital and Reserved Deal Capital (or other
similar type of Capital) set forth in Section 3.03 (Capital Priority Right), 

(d) the right to
adjust the Applicable Rate on a going-forward basis set forth in Section 3.04 (Applicable Rate Adjustment Right), 

(e) the consent right with respect to the aggregate
debt-to-equity of the Company Affiliates set forth in Section 3.05 (Maximum
Debt-to-Equity Ratio Limit Right), 

(f) the
consent right with respect to the cross-collateralization of Founder assets set forth in Section 3.06 (Cross-Collateralization of Founder Assets), 

(g) the right to trigger a discretionary Pause Period set forth in Section 3.07 (Pause Period
Designation Rights), and 

(h) the enforcement rights set forth in Article IV (Enforcement Rights in Connection with
a Conveyance Default).

Without the express written consent of Founder, which consent shall be at Founders sole and absolute
discretion, the Company shall not offer or agree to provide any Founders Rights to any Person that is not a Founder Party. 

ARTICLE III 

COMPANY
COVENANTS 

Section 3.01Management Succession Rights. Until such time as the aggregate value of all cash and capital
assets contributed by Founder and held at a given time by the Company is less than 10% of the Companys total assets (calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), and remains continuously below such 10% for six
consecutive months (such event, a Sunset Threshold Event), Founder shall have the rights set forth in this Section 3.01. 

7 

(a) Manager Succession. If the Management Agreement is terminated for
any reason or for no reason, including, without limitation, if (a) the Company terminates Manager, (b) Manager resigns as manager or (c) Manager assigns Managers interest in the Management Agreement in violation thereof, then
Founder shall have the right to consent or withhold consent, at its sole and absolute discretion, to the Companys selection of a new manager and/or execution of any successor Management Agreement (notwithstanding whether such successor
Management Agreement is with Manager or a new manager). The Company shall not replace the Manager, nor enter into a new management agreement without the consent of Founder, not to be unreasonably withheld, or conditioned. Promptly, upon receipt of
notice that the Manager intends to terminate the Management Agreement or upon the determination by the Company to replace the Manager, the Company shall notify Founder of such notice or determination. The Company shall present to Founder one or more
candidates to succeed Manager together with the relevant background information about each candidate and/or draft successor Management Agreement, as applicable. Founder shall have 10 business days to object to such candidate and/or draft, as
applicable. If Founder does not provide notice of an objection to the Company within the 10 business day period Founder shall be deemed to approve the successor manager and/or successor management agreement, as applicable. 

(b) Key Man Succession. Within 10 days of the date on which Manager has a reason to believe that (a) both Key Men
cease to exercise control over the management or decision-making process of Kennedy Lewis, (b) both Key Men cease to exercise direct or indirect control (which control may be delegated through employees, agents or contractors) of the management
of the Company, or (c) either Kennedy Lewis and/or either Key Man transfers any membership interest in Manager, directly or indirectly, to a company, or affiliate of a company engaged primarily in (i) the building of single-family
homes in the United States or (ii) acquiring or developing homesites in the United States ((a) through (c), collectively or individually, a Management Change of Control) is likely to occur within the next 90 days, or
promptly following the actual occurrence of a Management Change of Control if not anticipated, the Company shall notify Founder that such Management Change of Control has occurred or is likely to occur. Promptly upon the Companys receipt of
candidate successors to the Key Men from Manager, the Company shall provide to Founder the relevant background information about such candidates. The Company shall, within 10 business days of the Companys receipt of such notice, object to any
such candidates, unless it has received Founders consent to such candidates, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Founder shall have 10 business days to object to any such candidates. If Founder does not
provide notice of an objection to the Company within the 10 business day period, Founder shall be deemed to approve the successor to the Key Men. 

Section 3.02Effective Equity Price Protection Right. If, within 18 months of the Effective Date, any Other Customer
is issued Class A Common Stock, or any other equity securities in the Company in accordance with the Articles of Amendment and Restatement, in exchange for a contribution of Future Property Assets having an aggregate value in excess of
$500 million (such transaction, a Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution) at a price per share that is less than the effective price per share of those shares issued to Founder in exchange for the contribution of
the Initial Founder Assets, then: 

8 

(a) Notice of Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution. The Company shall
notify Founder of any potential Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution prior to the closing thereof. 

(b) Additional Equity
Issuance. Prior to the issuance of Class A Common Stock to any Other Customer in connection with the closing of such Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution, the Company shall issue to its shareholders, for no further consideration, subject to
Section 3.02(d), a number of additional shares of Class A Common Stock (the Additional Equity Issuance) equal to the number of additional shares the Lennar Corporation shareholders receiving Company Common
Stock at the Effective Date would have received if the Distribution (as defined in the Distribution Agreement dated as of January 16, 2025) had been executed at the same price per share as what the Other Customer received in connection with the
Subsequent Bulk Assets Contribution. The Additional Equity Issuance shall be equal to (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock initially issued to Founder in exchange for the contribution by Founder of
the Initial Founder Assets (the Initial Founders Shares); multiplied by (ii) a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the effective price per share of the
Initial Founders Shares and (B) the denominator of which shall be the effective price per share received by such customer in connection with such Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution; less (iii) the number of Initial Founders
Shares. The Company shall issue such shares to its shareholders, at the sole cost and expense of the Company and for no additional consideration from any Founder Party or other shareholder. The Company shall ensure that any shares issued pursuant to
this Section 3.02(b) are duly registered and without restriction on transfer other than those restrictions on transfer related to the Companys qualification as a real estate investment trust set forth in the Articles
of Amendment and Restatement. 

(c) Founder Covenant. In consideration of the covenants set forth in this
Section 3.02, Founder covenants that (i) for so long as Founder or an Affiliate holds any shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company, Founder or its Affiliate shall not exercise any right to vote those shares and
(ii) Founder shall dispose of any shares of Class A Common Stock received pursuant to this Section 3.02 by spin-off,split-off,
public offering, private sale or any combination of the foregoing as promptly as reasonably practicable following receipt of such shares. 

(d) Board Approval. Any Additional Equity Issuance shall be contingent on the approval of the
Companys board of directors (the Board), and the Board shall be required to provide such approval in compliance with Maryland law, and the record date with respect to such Additional Equity Issuance shall be set by
the Board, prior to the issuance of Class A Common Stock to any Other Customer in connection with a Subsequent Bulk Assets Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Other Customer will not be entitled to participate in the Additional Equity
Issuance. 

Section 3.03 Capital Priority Right. 

(a) Priority Amount. On each Reservation Date, Founder shall have the right (the Capital Priority
Right) to reserve up to the Priority Amount for its activities pursuant to the Program Documents during the following Reservation Period. At least 10 business days prior to each Reservation Date, the Company shall inform Founder in
writing of the Priority Amount for the following Reservation Period, along with an accounting of how the Priority Amount was calculated. On or prior to the applicable Reservation Date, Founder shall advise the Company in writing of (i) whether
Founder intends to exercise its Capital Priority Right and (ii) how much of the Priority Amount Founder intends to use for its activities pursuant to the Program Documents during the Reservation Period (such amount, the Reserved
Priority Amount). The Company shall allocate the Reserved Priority Amount solely for use by Founder Parties until the following Reservation Date. The amount by which the Reserved Priority Amount at a Reservation Date is less than the
full Priority Amount at that Reservation Date will be Lost Priority Amount and will not be subject to the Capital Priority Right. 

9 

(b) Lost Priority Capital. For the avoidance of doubt, any Lost
Priority Capital that is excluded from the Priority Amount during a given Reservation Period for which the Company does not commit to Third-Party Commitments during such Reservation Period shall become Restored Lost Capital Amount, and therefore
added back to the Priority Amount on the following Reservation Date. If, however, Lost Priority Capital becomes subject to a Third-Party Commitment, the Company may use that amount for such Third-Party Commitment and it shall not added back to the
Priority Amount at the next Reservation Date. The Company shall ensure that any Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution that provides any Other Customer with Other Customers Priority Capital shall include a provision requiring that any amount of Other
Customers Priority Capital that is reserved for use and not actually used by the Other Customer (including in connection with land acquisitions and site development work on land that is owned by Company Affiliates or that the Company intends to
acquire) within any three-month period shall be lost and no longer be deemed to be Other Customers Priority Capital. In the event the Company fails to apply such provisions to any Other Customers Priority Capital in connection with a
Subsequent Bulk Asset Contribution, then the Founder Parties shall have the right to eliminate the concept of Lost Priority Capital from the Capital Priority Right (such right, the Lost Priority Capital Recovery
Right). The Company shall provide notice to Founder Parties that the Lost Priority Capital Recovery Right under this Section 3.03(b) has been triggered, promptly upon execution of such applicable Subsequent Bulk Asset
Contribution. Upon the Founder Parties exercise of such right by delivering written notice to the Company, then effective immediately, any outstanding amounts of capital that have been deemed Lost Priority Capital will be added back to the
calculation of Founder Parties Priority Amount, and any amounts that would have been deemed Lost Priority Capital prior to the delivery of such notice of exercise shall no longer be deducted from Founder Parties Priority Amount on a
going-forward basis. Such change shall remain effective in perpetuity for as long as Founders Parties retain its Capital Priority Right. 

(c) Reserved Deal Capital. In the event that the Founder Parties are not able to utilize any portion of its Reserved
Priority Amount for Properties designated for the Program during any applicable Reservation Period due to the Companys rejection of any of Founders proposed transactions, then such portion of the Priority Amount shall become
Reserved Deal Capital and the Founder Parties will have an additional three months following the date that the Company notifies Founder of the rejection of the proposed transaction to utilize such Reserved Deal Capital.
Reserved Deal Capital will remain separate from any Priority Amount, and shall not expire upon the next Reservation Date (i.e., if there is any leftover Reserved Deal Capital for which the three-month period has not expired at the time of any
Reservation Date, then the Founder Parties shall retain the right to utilize such Reserved Deal Capital, and such Reserved Deal Capital shall not constitute Lost Priority Capital for the purposes of calculating the Priority Amount with respect to
the applicable Reservation Date). For the avoidance of doubt, there is no limit to the Reserved Deal Capital amount, and no limit to how many times capital remaining available in the Reserved Priority Amount due to rejected transactions can become
Reserved Deal Capital. Any amounts designated as outstanding Reserved Deal Capital on any Reservation Date shall be treated as additional capital reserved for Founder Parties and shall not be included in the calculation for purposes of determining
the Priority Amount for that Reservation Date. If the Founder Parties do not use (or reserve for future use in accordance with the Program Documents on land that is owned or to be owned by the Company) any Reserved Deal Capital by the applicable
three-month expiration date, such capital will become Lost Priority Capital. 

10 

(d) Indemnification of Founder. If at any time (i) the Company
does not have sufficient capital to provide the Reserved Priority Amount to Founder Parties to finance a Committed Transaction, or (ii) the Company does not allocate the Reserved Deal Capital as required hereunder, the Company shall pay to
Founder for any damages incurred by any Founder Party as a result of such capital unavailability, including, without limitation, all costs of any alternative financing (including, without limitation, fees, penalties, points, increased charges, etc.)
for any of Founders Committed Transactions. 

(e) Request for an Accounting. Upon request by Founder, the
Company shall send a report to Founder with the Companys accounting of the current Reserved Deal Capital and Priority Amount, comprising the Initial Capital Amount, the Additional Capital Amount, the Restored Lost Capital Amount, the CPR
Capital and the Recycled Capital Amount, along with such other related information reasonably requested by Founder. 

Section 3.04Applicable Rate Adjustment Right. If a Company Affiliate enters into an arrangement with any Person in
connection with the HOPPR or any other similar land acquisition or homesite development arrangement that allows for option payments (or the substantially similar equivalent of the payments made by Founder under the Master Option Agreement or
any successor or supplemental agreement by and between a Founder Paty and a Company Affiliate (such payments from a Founder Party to a Company Affiliate, collectively Monthly Option Payments)) at an option rate (or the
substantially similar equivalent of the rate payable by under the Master Option Agreement or any successor or supplemental agreement by and between a Founder Paty and a Company Affiliate (such rate, as between a Founder Party and a Company
Affiliate, the Applicable Rate)) that is lower than the Applicable Rate (an Applicable Rate Adjustment Event), (i) the Company agrees to promptly notify Founder in writing of the occurrence of
such Applicable Rate Adjustment Event (such notice, the Applicable Rate Adjustment Notice) and (ii) Founder may, at its option, commensurately adjust the Applicable Rate for all new Future Property Assets acquired, or
with respect to which an acquisition process has been initiated, within 180 days following the occurrence of the Applicable Rate Adjustment Event to match the lower rate agreed upon by the relevant Company Affiliate and the third party in accordance
with this Section 3.04 (the Applicable Rate Adjustment Right); provided, however, that within 18 months of the Effective Date the Company may issue shares of Class A
Common Stock (or any other equity securities in a manner consistent with its charter) to any Other Customer in exchange for Future Property Assets only if such transaction includes an option rate equal to or higher than the lower of (i) 9.5%
and (ii) the Applicable Rate plus 1%. If requested by Founder, the applicable Founder Party and Company Affiliate shall execute an amendment to the applicable Program Documents evidencing the adjustment of the Applicable Rate to the lower
option rate arranged with such other Person; providedthat in no event may the Applicable Rate in effect under the Program be adjusted to exceed the original Applicable Rate. Notwithstanding whether any Program Documents
have been amended, the adjusted Applicable Rate shall be effective commencing with and including the first Monthly Option Payment with respect to Future Property Assets acquired by the Company, or with respect to which an acquisition process has
been initiated, within 180 days following Founders receipt of the Applicable Rate Adjustment Notice. If the Company fails to timely provide Founder with the Applicable Rate Adjustment Notice, the Company shall promptly reimburse Founder the
cumulative difference between the Monthly Option Payments made on Future Property Assets acquired, or with respect to which an acquisition process has been initiated, within the 180-day period and the Monthly
Option Payments that would have been made had the Applicable Rate on such assets been adjusted from and after the occurrence of the Applicable Rate Adjustment Event. 

11 

Section 3.05Debt to Equity Ratio Limit Right. Until the occurrence
of a Sunset Threshold Event, no Company Affiliate shall enter into any third-party financing arrangement that would result in the collective debt to equity ratio (calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) of the Company
Affiliates to exceed 1:1 without the prior written consent of Founder, which consent shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of Founder. 

Section 3.06Secured Financing Collateral Consent Right. Without the express written consent of Founder, which consent shall
be at the sole and absolute discretion of Founder, no Company Affiliate shall mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber one or more Property in any collateralized financing arrangement, if any other property of the Company subject to any
customer right or option to purchase is also pledged as collateral in such financing. 

Section 3.07Pause Period Designation
Right. In addition to any rights that Founder may have at any time under the Master Option Agreement or other similar successor or supplemental agreement as between a Founder Party and a Company Affiliate, and without in any way limiting any
such rights therein, Founder may, at its sole and absolute discretion, elect, by written notice to the Company, to call up to two Pause Periods (each a Pause Period) of up to six months, with
respect to any Property, during which time all takedown and construction deadlines for such Property shall be extended, no closings shall occur, and no payments will be made by the Company to the contractor under the applicable construction
agreement. During a Pause Period, Founder shall, as a condition to the continuation of the Pause Period, pay a Monthly Option Payment for such Property based upon a fixed Applicable Rate equal to the Pause Rate (as defined
in the applicable Master Option Agreement or other similar successor or supplemental agreement as between a Founder Party and a Company Affiliate; or, if undefined therein, Pause Rate shall be a rate equal to
one-half of the Applicable Rate). If a Pause Period is triggered by Founder under this Section 3.07, Founder shall lose its Applicable Rate Adjustment Right on all Future Property
Assets submitted to the Program, until there are no longer any Founder Properties subject to a Pause Period. For the avoidance of doubt, Founders right to call a Pause Period, hereunder, shall be in addition to Founders Right to call a
Pause Period under any other Program Document; provided, however, that Founder shall not be permitted to call more than two Pause Periods with respect to the same community, inclusive of exercises of its right under this
Agreement or any other Program Document. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONVEYANCE DEFAULT AND 

FOUNDER ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS 

If any Company Affiliate at any time fails to convey title to any Founder Party (or any designee of a Founder Party) any Homesite where Founder
(or a Founder Party) is willing to pay the takedown price pursuant to the takedown schedule and at the time set forth in the applicable takedown schedule of any purchase option, and such failure persists uncured for 10 days following notice from
Founder that the Company has failed to convey the subject Homesite accordingly (such failure to convey, a Conveyance Default); then, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in no way limiting those rights
available to Founder Parties under the Program Documents and notwithstanding anything in the Program Documents purporting to limit the remedies or liability of the Parties or otherwise to the contrary, and without need for any court order, Founder
shall have the following enforcement rights: 

12 

Section 4.01 Specific Performance, Cognovit and Signatory Power. 

(a) Injunction / Specific Performance. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) a Conveyance Default or
threatened Conveyance Default by a Company Affiliate would give rise to irreparable harm to the Founder Parties for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and (b) on the date that is 10 days from the date of any uncured
Conveyance Default, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to the Founder Parties at law, in equity or otherwise, Founder shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunction, specific performance
(including compelling the Company Affiliates to convey the subject Property at a price as agreed under the Program Documents), any successor instruments thereto or any other relevant agreements between the parties, pursuant to which the Company was
obligated to convey a Homesite to Founder, and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction, without requirement to (i) post a bond or other security or (ii) prove actual damages or that monetary damages
will not afford adequate remedy. The Company agrees that it will not oppose or otherwise challenge the appropriateness of equitable relief or the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting such equitable relieve, in each case,
consistent with the terms of this Section 4.01. 

(b) Cognovit. UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF A
CONVEYANCE DEFAULT, FOUNDER MAY CONFESS JUDGEMENT AGAINST THE COMPANY AS PROVIDED HEREIN. FOR THE PURPOSES OF OBTAINING POSSESSION OF THE PROPERTY TO BE CONVEYED, THE COMPANY, FOR ITSELF AND EACH COMPANY AFFILIATE, HEREBY AUTHORIZES AND EMPOWERS THE
CLERK OF ANY COURT OF RECORD IN THE CITY, COUNTY AND STATE WHEREIN THE SUBJECT PROPERTY LIES SITUATE TO ENTER JUDGEMENT BY CONFESSION AGAINST THE COMPANY OR ANY COMPANY AFFILIATE IN FAVOR OF FOUNDER FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF THE DUTIES OF THE
COMPANY OR ANY COMPANY AFFILIATE UNDER THE MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT, EXPRESSLY WAIVING SUMMONS AND OTHER PROCESS, AND DOES HEREBY CONSENT TO IMMEDIATE EXECUTION OF SUCH JUDGEMENT, EXPRESSLY WAIVING THE BENEFIT OF ALL EXEMPTION OR HOMESTEAD LAWS. THE
COMPANY HEREBY APPOINTS [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] OR ANY ATTORNEY ACTING ON BEHALF OF FOUNDER (COLLECTIVELY FOUNDER ATTORNEYS-IN-FACT, EACH A FOUNDER ATTORNEYIN
FACT) IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OR ANY STATE COURT OF RECORD IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AS
ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OF THE COMPANY OR ANY COMPANY AFFILIATE AND ALL PERSONS CLAIMING UNDER OR THROUGH ANY COMPANY AFFILIATE, TO SIGN AN AGREEMENT FOR ENTERING IN ANY
COMPETENT COURT IN AMICABLE ACTION IN EJECTMENT FOR POSSESSION OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND TO FOUNDER (OR ITS NOMINEE) OF POSSESSION THEREOF, FOR WHICH THIS 

13 

AGREEMENT OR COPY, OR A COPY THEREOF VERIFIED BY AFFIDAVIT, SHALL BE SUFFICIENT WARRANT; WHEREUPON A WRIT OF POSSESSION MAY IMMEDIATELY ISSUE FOR POSSESSION OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY, WITHOUT ANY
PRIOR WRIT OR PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER AND WITHOUT ANY STAY OF EXECUTION. FOUNDER MAY BRING AN AMICABLE ACTION IN EJECTMENT AND CONFESS JUDGEMENT THEREIN EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE INSTITUTION OF PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MASTER
OPTION AGREEMENT OR AFTER THE ENTRY OF JUDGEMENT THEREIN OR HEREIN. THE FOREGOING AUTHORIZATION TO PURSUE PROCEEDINGS FOR OBTAINING POSSESSION OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND CONFESSING JUDGEMENT THEREIN IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF FOUNDERS REMEDIES
FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT AND SHALL SURVIVE ANY OTHER ENFORCEMENT ACTION BY FOUNDER. 

(c) Signatory Power. The Company agrees to cause the operating agreement for every Company Affiliate owning any of the
Properties to irrevocably appoint the Founder Attorneys-in-Fact, as Authorized Representatives, each of whom, acting individually, are empowered to execute
any deed or other instrument necessary, appropriate or, in the reasonable judgement of such Founder Attorney-in-Fact, convenient to convey to Founder (or any Founder
designee) any property subject to, or alleged by Founder to be subject to a continuing Conveyance Default beyond the 10-day cure period. The operating agreement of any such Company Affiliate shall further
provide that the signature by any Founder Attorney-in-Fact on any deed or other instrument conveying a Property to a Founder designee shall be conclusive evidence of the
Companys ratification of such instrument. 

Section 4.02Abatement of Monthly Option Payment. If there is a
Conveyance Default, and subject to Section 4.03 hereof, Founder may, but is not obligated to, stop payment on all Monthly Option Payments with respect to all Properties subject to any Program between Founder and the Company
until the defaulting Company Affiliate conveys the subject Homesite to the applicable Founder Party (or its designee). That payment stoppage will not be a default under the Master Option Agreement, any Option or any other agreement between a Founder
Party and any Company Affiliate. Except as set forth in Section 4.03, Founder shall not subsequently be required to pay any such amount. 

Section 4.03Disputed Performance Obligation. The right to compel a conveyance to Founder under
Section 4.01, shall be available to the Founder Parties notwithstanding whether the Company disputes its obligation to convey any such Homesite in accordance with the underlying Program Documents. If, and only if,
(x) the Company or a Company Affiliate alleges in good faith that the applicable Founder Party does not have the right to purchase the Homesites solely because the applicable Founder Party exercise of a purchase option violated
specifically identified pooling cross-termination rights pursuant to a Cross-Termination Agreement (such allegation, a Pooling Violation Allegation) and (y) the Company notifies Founder of such dispute arising
and specifically identifies the Cross-Termination Agreement at issue, prior to the end of the applicable 10-day cure period described in Section 4.01(a) (a Dispute), then: 

14 

(a) Notwithstanding Founders right to abate monthly option payments
pursuant to Section 4.02, Founder shall continue to make timely payment of all Monthly Option Payment obligations under any Program between Founder and the Company; 

(b) the Company shall, upon written request from Founder, at Founders sole and absolute discretion, discontinue payment
of management fees to the Manager for the Dispute Period; provided, however that if any Dispute is resolved by final unappealable judgement in favor of the Company, Founder shall, on behalf of the Company, pay to Manager
any such withheld payment; 

(c) if a Dispute is resolved by settlement or an unappealable judgement by a court of competent
jurisdiction in favor of Founder, then, in lieu of any other remedies available to Founder at law or in equity, the Company shall remit to Founder, as liquidated damages, an amount equal to three times all such Monthly Option Payments received
during the Dispute Period; 

(d) if a Dispute is resolved by settlement or an unappealable judgement by a court of competent
jurisdiction in favor of the Company, then, in lieu of any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity, Founder shall remit to the Company, as liquidated damages, an amount equal to three times all Monthly Option Payments that were
received during the Dispute Period; and 

(e) During the Dispute Period, the construction of any homes performed by any
Founder Party pursuant to a Fee Building Request (as defined in the Master Program Agreement or its functional equivalent in any similar successor or supplemental agreement by and between a Founder Party and a Company Affiliate) by a Company
Affiliate shall be paused. 

The Enforcement Rights set forth in this Article IV shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued
independently, singly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Founder may determine in its sole and absolute discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other
rights and remedies of Founder permitted by law, at equity, by contract or as set forth in this Agreement or in the other Program Documents. 

ARTICLE V 

DEFAULT & REMEDIES 

Section 5.01Founders Rights Default. Except as provided in Article IV, hereof, and subject
to the cure period set forth in Article IV, hereof, or any shorter cure period provided in this or any Program Document, and without any limitation of the rights afforded any Founder Party under the foregoing, the Company shall have 30 days
from receipt of notice of any failure by the Company or any Company Affiliate in its obligations and covenants under this Agreement or other violations of a Founders Right (any such failure or violation, a
Founders Rights Default) to cure such default. If any Founders Rights Default continues uncured beyond such 30 day period, in addition to those equitable remedies set forth in
Article IV and Section 5.02, hereof, Founder shall have the concurrent and cumulative right to pursue any remedies that may be available to it at law, in equity or in contract, and all such remedies may be pursued
independently, singly, successively, together or otherwise, at such time and in such order a Founder may determine in its sole and absolute discretion, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights
and remedies of Founder permitted by law, at equity, by contract or as set forth in this Agreement or in the other Program Documents. 

15 

Section 5.02Further Equitable Remedies. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that (a) a Founders Rights Default or threatened Founders Rights Default by the Company would give rise to irreparable harm to Founder for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and (b) on the date that
is 30 days from the date in which the Company received notice of a Founders Rights Default (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, the terms of Article IV, hereof), if such Founders Rights Default continues uncured, in addition to
any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to Founder at law, in equity or otherwise, Founder shall be entitled for equitable relief (including injunction, specific performance at the agreed-upon price and pursuant to the such terms
as agreed under the relevant agreements between the Parties), and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction, without requirement to (i) post a bond or other security or (ii) prove actual damages or that
monetary damages will not afford adequate remedy. The Company agrees that it will not oppose or otherwise challenge the appropriateness of equitable relief or the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting such equitable
relieve, in each case, consistent with the terms of this Section 5.02. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.01Survival. It is agreed that all of the terms, conditions, provisions, obligations and covenants contained in this
Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of the Program and any Program Documents. 

Section 6.02Amendment; No
Waiver. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally or in writing, except that any term of this Agreement may be amended by a writing signed by the parties, and the observance of any such
term may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) by a writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is to be asserted. Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Founder in
insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder, (including, without limitation, the Founders Rights) under this Agreement or any other Program
Document, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. 

Section 6.03Incorporation of Recitals. The recitals set forth first above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated
herein as if set forth again in their entirety. 

Section 6.04Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. 

16 

Section 6.05Notices. No notice, consent or other communication provided
for herein or given in connection herewith shall be validly given, made, delivered or served unless it is in writing and delivered personally, sent by reputable overnight courier (such as Fed Ex or UPS) or sent by
e-mail transmission (with confirmation of successful transmission), to: 

To the Company: 

c/o Kennedy Lewis Investment Management LLC 

[redacted] 

Attn: [redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

with a copy to: 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 

[redacted] 

Attn: [redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

To Founder: 

c/o U.S. Home, LLC 

[redacted] 

Attn: [redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

with a copy to: 

Deverich & Gillman LLP 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

or to such other addresses as any party hereto may from time to time designate in writing and deliver in a like manner to the other party. Notices, consents,
approvals and communications shall be deemed given and received upon delivery to the respective addresses set forth above, if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier, or upon successful e-mail
transmission to the addresses set forth above. The inability to deliver because of a changed address of which no notice was given, or any rejection or other refusal to accept any notice, shall be deemed to be the receipt of the notice as of the date
of such inability to deliver or rejection or refusal to accept. Any notice to be given by any party hereto may be given by legal counsel for such party. 

Section 6.06Interpretation. If any date upon which action is required under this Agreement shall be a Saturday, Sunday or
legal holiday, the date of such action shall be extended to the first regular business day after such date which is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. Consequently, the Company and Founder expressly waive and disclaim, in connection with the
interpretation of this Agreement, any rule of law requiring that ambiguous or conflicting terms be construed against the party whose attorney prepared this Agreement or any earlier draft of this Agreement. 

Section 6.07Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter contained herein and is intended to be an integration of all prior agreements, conditions or undertakings between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter. Except as expressly set forth herein or as contained in contemporaneous
written agreements, there are no promises, agreements, conditions, undertakings warranties or representations, oral or written, expressed or implied, between the Company and Founder regarding the subject matter hereof except as expressly set forth
herein. 

17 

Section 6.08Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The parties agree that they may reflect and confirm their agreement to be bound hereby, and their execution and delivery
of this Agreement, by transmitting a signed copy hereof, by facsimile or by emailing a Portable Document Format (PDF) file, to the other party hereto or to an escrow agent. Any of the Parties are authorized to remove the signature pages from
duplicate identical counterpart versions of this Agreement and to attach such pages to a single version of this Agreement. 

Section 6.09Confidentiality. The terms and provisions of this Agreement, including all financial terms, shall remain
confidential and shall not be disclosed by either party hereto without the written consent of the other except (a) to such partys directors, officers, partners, members, managers, employees, legal counsel, accountants, financial advisors
and similar professionals and consultants to the extent such party deems it necessary or appropriate in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder (and such party shall inform each of the foregoing parties of such partys
obligations under this Section 6.09 and shall secure the agreement of such parties to be bound by the terms hereof); or (b) as otherwise required by law or regulation. The restrictions in this
Section 6.09 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 6.10 Submission to Jurisdiction. 

(a) The Parties agree that, except as provided in the last sentence of this Section 6.10(a), the Federal Courts of the
United States sitting in the Southern District of the State of Florida and the courts of the State of Florida sitting in Miami-Dade County (and any court to which an appeal therefrom may be taken) (Courts), for purposes of
all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all legal actions arising out of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, the Parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts and agree
that the venue for any action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Any Party may file a complaint with any of the Courts, and in no other court. Notwithstanding the foregoing the Parties acknowledge and
agree that any action relating to Founders seeking of a specific performance of the conveyance of Homesites to a Founder Party or other similar action relating to the creation, perfection or transfer of interests in real, personal or
intangible property may be brought in any State or Federal court having jurisdiction over the subject Property. 

(b)
Nothing set forth herein shall preclude a party from seeking any ancillary judicial remedies (including filing a lis pendens or seeking specific performance if and when permitted by the express terms of this Agreement) from a court of
competent jurisdiction without a jury. 

18 

(c) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Party hereby
voluntarily, knowingly, irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right to have a jury participate in resolving any dispute (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise) between Founder or any Founder Party and any Company Affiliate arising out
of or in any way related to this agreement or any relationship between Founder or any Founder Party and any Company Affiliate. 

Section 6.11Severability. If any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or
circumstance shall be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement or the application of each term or provisions to persons or circumstances other than those to which it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected
thereby, and each term shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

Section 6.12Captions. The
captions of this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and in no way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or intent of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof. 

Section 6.13Successors/Assigns. Neither the Company nor Founder shall be permitted to assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise
convey this Agreement or any of its respective rights, obligations or duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. All of the covenants, conditions and obligations
contained in this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Company and Founder; provided, however, that the covenants, conditions and obligations contained
in Section 3.03 shall also inure to the benefit of all Company shareholders. 

[Signature pages follow.] 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement as of the date first
set forth above. 

COMPANY:

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC,

a Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

FOUNDER:

U.S. HOME, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d760441dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

EXHIBIT 10.3 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

BETWEEN 

LENNAR CORPORATION 

AND 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

DATED 

FEBRUARY 7, 2025 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (this Agreement), is between Lennar Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (Parent), and Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (SpinCo). 

WHEREAS, in
connection with the contribution of land assets by Parent to SpinCo, Parent will be distributing in a partial, taxable spin-off approximately 80% of the outstanding shares of SpinCo Common Stock (as defined
below), to holders of Lennar Class A Common Stock and Lennar Class B Common Stock, on a pro rata basis and subject to any elections to receive SpinCo Class B Common Stock (as such terms are defined below) (the
Distribution); 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Distribution, SpinCo will register shares of SpinCo Common Stock under
the Securities Act (as defined below) on a registration statement on Form S-11; 

WHEREAS, following the Distribution, Parent will effect
dispositions of any shares of SpinCo Common Stock that are not distributed in the Distribution (such shares not distributed in the Distribution, the Retained Shares) through a subsequent
spin-off,split-off, public offering, private sale or any combination of these potential transactions, including pursuant to one or more transactions Registered under
the Securities Act (as such terms are defined below); and 

WHEREAS, SpinCo desires to grant to Parent the Registration Rights (as defined
below) for the Registrable Securities (as defined below), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate
means, when used with respect to a specified Person, another Person that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Person specified; provided, however, that, for purposes of this Agreement, SpinCo and its
Subsidiaries shall not be considered to be Affiliates of Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than SpinCo and its Subsidiaries), and Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than SpinCo and its Subsidiaries) shall not be considered to be
Affiliates of SpinCo or its Subsidiaries. As used herein, control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities or other interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Block Trade means an
Underwritten Offering not involving any road show which is commonly known as a block trade. 

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are generally authorized or required by law to close in New York, New York. 

Debt means any indebtedness of any member of the Parent Group, including debt securities, notes, credit facilities, credit
agreements and other debt instruments, including, in each case, any amounts due thereunder. 

Exchange Act means the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor thereto, and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. 

Exchange Offer means an exchange offer of Registrable Securities for outstanding securities of Parent. 

Exchanges means one or more Public Exchanges or Private Exchanges. 

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state, municipality or other political subdivision thereof, and
any entity, body, agency, commission, department, board, bureau, court, tribunal or other instrumentality, whether federal, state, local, domestic, foreign or multinational, exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative or
other similar functions of, or pertaining to, a government and any executive official thereof. 

Kennedy Lewis means
Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Lennar Class A
Stock means the Class A common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of Parent. 

Lennar Class B
Stock means the Class B common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of Parent. 

Lennar Common Stock means,
collectively, the Lennar Class A Stock and Lennar Class B Stock. 

2 

Management Agreement means the Management Agreement, dated February 7,
2025, by and between SpinCo and Kennedy Lewis. 

Parent has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and
shall include its successors, by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise. 

Parent Group means Parent and each
Person that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent as of immediately following the Distribution, and each Person that becomes a Subsidiary of Parent after the Distribution (in each case other than any member of the SpinCo Group). 

Participating Banks means such investment banks or other Persons that are not part of the Parent Group that engage,
directly or indirectly, in any Exchange with one or more members of the Parent Group. 

Permitted Transferee means any
Transferee and any Subsequent Transferee. 

Person means an individual, a general or limited partnership, a corporation,
a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, a limited liability entity, any other entity and any Governmental Authority. 

Private Exchange means a private exchange pursuant to which one or more members of the Parent Group shall Sell some or all
of their Registrable Securities to one or more Participating Banks in exchange, directly or indirectly, for any equity interest of Parent or the satisfaction of Debt, in a transaction or series of transactions not required to be registered under the
Securities Act. 

Prospectus means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, all amendments and supplements
to such prospectus, including post- effective amendments, and all other material incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

Public Exchange means a public exchange pursuant to which one or more members of the Parent Group shall Sell some or all of
their Registrable Securities to one or more Participating Banks in exchange, directly or indirectly, for any equity interest of Parent or the satisfaction of Debt, in a transaction or series of transactions registered under the Securities Act. 

Registrable Securities means any Retained Shares and any securities issued or issuable directly or indirectly with respect
to, in exchange for, upon the conversion of or in replacement of the Retained Shares, whether by way of a dividend or distribution or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, exchange or
other reorganization. The term Registrable Securities excludes any security (i) the offering and Sale of which has been effectively Registered under the Securities Act and which has been Sold in accordance with a Registration
Statement, or (ii) that has been Sold pursuant to Rule 144 (or any successor provision) under the Securities Act. 

Registration means a registration with the SEC of the offer and Sale of any SpinCo Common Stock under a Registration
Statement. The terms Register, Registered and Registering shall have a correlative meaning. 

3 

Registration Expenses means all reasonable and documented expenses
incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement in the case of any Registration of Retained Shares, including all (i) registration, qualification and filing fees; (ii) expenses incurred in connection with the preparation,
printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, any Prospectus and any issuer free writing prospectus and the distribution thereof; (iii) the reasonable fees and expenses of SpinCos counsel and independent
accountants (including the expenses of any comfort letters or costs associated with the delivery by SpinCo Group members independent certified public accountants of comfort letters customarily requested by underwriters); (iv) the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Shares under the state or foreign securities or blue sky laws and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky
Memorandum (including the related reasonable fees and expenses of counsel); (v) the costs and charges of any transfer agent and any registrar; (vi) all expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of
an offering by, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA); (vii) printing expenses, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses; and (viii) fees and expenses of listing any Registrable Securities on any securities
exchange on which shares of SpinCo Common Stock are then listed; and (ix) the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel of Parent; but excluding any internal expenses of SpinCo and Kennedy Lewis, as manager under the Management Agreement
(including all salaries and expenses of employees of SpinCo and Kennedy Lewis, as manager under the Management Agreement, performing legal or accounting duties). 

Registration Rights means the rights of Parent to cause SpinCo to Register Registrable Securities pursuant to this
Agreement. 

Registration Statement means any registration statement of SpinCo filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC
under the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act, including the related Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post- effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated
by reference in such registration statement. 

Sale means the direct or indirect transfer, sale, assignment,
distribution or other disposition of a security. The terms Sell and Sold have correlative meanings. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto, and any rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. 

Shares means all shares of SpinCo Common
Stock that are beneficially owned by Parent or any Permitted Transferee from time to time, whether or not held immediately following the Distribution. 

4 

Shelf Registration means a Registration Statement of SpinCo for an
offering to be made on a delayed or continuous basis of SpinCo Common Stock pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or similar provisions then in effect). 

SpinCo has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement and shall include its successors, by merger,
acquisition, reorganization or otherwise. 

SpinCo Class A Stock means the Class A Common Stock,
par value $0.01 per share, of SpinCo. 

SpinCo Class B Stock means the Class B Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of SpinCo. 

SpinCo Common Stock means, collectively, the SpinCo Class A Stock and SpinCo
Class B Stock. 

SpinCo Group means SpinCo and each Person that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of SpinCo as of
immediately following the Distribution, and each Person that becomes a Subsidiary of SpinCo after the Distribution (in each case other than any member of the Parent Group). 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, joint venture or partnership of
which such Person (a) beneficially owns, either directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of (i) the total combined voting power of all classes of voting securities, (ii) the total combined equity interests or (iii) the
capital or profit interests, in the case of a partnership, or (b) otherwise has the power to vote, either directly or indirectly, sufficient securities to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar governing body. 

Underwritten Offering means a Registration in which securities of SpinCo are Sold to an underwriter or underwriters on a
firm commitment basis for reoffering to the public. 

1.2 Other Defined Terms. The below terms have the definitions set forth in the
sections of this Agreement indicated below. 

5 

Term 

Section

Agreement Preamble

Ancillary Filings 2.4(a)(i)

Blue Sky 2.4(a)(ix)

Chosen Courts 4.5(b)

Convertible or Exchange Registration 2.7(a)

Demand Registration 2.1(a)

Distribution Recitals

FINRA Recitals

Founders Rights Agreement Recitals

Loss 2.9(a)

Losses 2.9(a)

Registration Period 2.1(c)

Retained Shares Recitals

SpinCo Notice 2.1(a)

SpinCo Takedown Notice 2.1(f)

Subsequent Transferee 4.3(b)

Takedown Notice 2.1(f)

Transferee 4.3(b)

1.3 General Interpretive Principles. In this Agreement, (a) words in the singular shall be deemed
to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be deemed to include the other genders as the context requires; (b) the terms hereof, herein, and herewith and words of similar import shall,
unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (c) Article and Section references are to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified;
(d) unless otherwise stated, all references to any agreement (including this Agreement) shall be deemed to include the exhibits, schedules and annexes to such agreement; (e) the word including and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless otherwise specified; (f) the word or shall not be exclusive; (g) the word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean
the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if; (h) unless otherwise specified in a particular case, the word days refers to calendar days; (i) references herein to this
Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement or such other agreement as of the date on which it is executed and as it may be amended, modified or supplemented thereafter, unless otherwise specified;
and (j) unless expressly stated to the contrary in this Agreement, all references to the date hereof, the date of this Agreement, hereby and hereupon and words of similar import shall all be
references to February 7, 2025. The titles to Articles and headings of Sections contained in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. 

6 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS 

2.1
Registration.

(a) Request. Parent shall have the right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with its
rights pursuant to Section 2.6) to request that SpinCo file a Registration Statement with the SEC on the appropriate registration form for all or part of the Registrable Securities then held by Parent by delivering a
written request to SpinCo specifying the aggregate number of shares of Registrable Securities Parent wishes to registered and the intended method of disposition thereof (a Demand Registration). Upon receipt of such request, SpinCo
shall use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and file a Registration Statement as expeditiously as possible in respect of such Demand Registration and in any event within thirty (30) days of receipt of the request, and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective as expeditiously as possible. There shall be no limitation on the number of Demand Registrations pursuant to this Section 2.1(a). 

(b) Effective Registration. SpinCo shall be deemed to have effected a Registration for purposes of Sections 2.1(a) if the
Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC or becomes effective upon filing with the SEC, and remains effective until the earlier of (i) the date when all Registrable Securities thereunder have been Sold and (ii) (x) in case
of a Registration Statement that is not a Shelf Registration Statement, sixty (60) days from the effective date of the Registration Statement, or (y) in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-1, 12 months from the effective date
of such Shelf Registration Statement, and (z) in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement on any other form, thirty six (36) months from the effective date of such Shelf Registration Statement (such period, as applicable, the
Registration Period). No Registration shall be deemed to have been effective if the conditions to closing specified in the underwriting agreement or dealer-manager agreement, if any, entered into in connection with such
Registration are not satisfied by reason of anything relating to any member of the SpinCo Group. If, during the Registration Period, such Registration is interfered with by any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement of the SEC or other
Governmental Authority or the need to update or supplement the Registration Statement, the Registration Period shall be extended on a day-for-day basis for any period Parent is unable to complete an offering
as a result of such stop order, injunction or other order or requirement of the SEC or other Governmental Authority or the need to update or supplement the Registration Statement. 

(c) Underwritten Offering; Exchange Offer. If Parent so indicates at the time of its request pursuant to Section 2.1(a),
such offering of Registrable Securities shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering or an Exchange Offer. 

7 

(d) Priority of Securities in an Underwritten Offering. If the managing underwriter
or underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering, including an Underwritten Offering from a Shelf Registration, pursuant to this Section 2.1 informs Parent in writing that, in its or their opinion, the number of
Registrable Securities requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering exceeds the number that can be Sold in such Underwritten Offering without being likely to have an adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the Registrable
Securities offered or the market for the Registrable Securities offered, then the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering shall be reduced to such number that can be Sold without such adverse effect based on the
recommendation of the managing underwriter or underwriters and the Registrable Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering shall be: (i) first, Registrable Securities requested by Parent to be included in such Underwritten Offering;
and (ii) second, all other securities requested and otherwise eligible to be included in such Underwritten Offering (including securities to be Sold for the account of SpinCo) on a pro rata basis calculated based on the number of shares
requested to be registered. In the event Parent notifies SpinCo that such Registration Statement shall be abandoned or withdrawn, Parent shall not be deemed to have requested a Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1(a). 

(e) Shelf Registration. At any time after the date hereof when SpinCo is eligible to Register the applicable Registrable Securities on
Form S-3 (or a successor form) and Parent is entitled to request Demand Registrations, Parent may request SpinCo to effect a Demand Registration as a Shelf Registration. Following such Shelf Registration,
Parent shall have the right to request that SpinCo cooperate in a shelf takedown at any time, including an Underwritten Offering, by delivering a written request thereof to SpinCo specifying the number of shares of Registrable Securities Parent
wishes to include in the shelf takedown (Takedown Notice). SpinCo shall take all actions reasonably requested by Parent, including the filing of a Prospectus supplement and the other actions described in
Section 2.3, in accordance with the intended method of distribution set forth in the Takedown Notice as expeditiously as possible. There shall be no limitations on the number of Underwritten Offerings pursuant to a Shelf
Registration. 

(f) SEC Form. Except as set forth in the next sentence, SpinCo shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Demand
Registrations to be Registered on Form S-3 (or any successor form), and if SpinCo is not then eligible under the Securities Act to use Form S-3, Demand Registrations
shall be Registered on Form S-1 (or any successor form), Form S-11 (or any successor form) or Form S-4 (in the case of an Exchange Offer). If a Demand Registration is a
Convertible or Exchange Registration, SpinCo shall effect such Registration on the appropriate Form under the Securities Act for such Registrations. SpinCo shall use its reasonable best efforts to become eligible to use Form S-3 as promptly as practicable and, after becoming eligible to use Form S-3, shall use its reasonable best efforts to remain so eligible. All Demand Registrations shall comply
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and, together with each Prospectus included, filed or otherwise furnished by SpinCo in connection therewith, shall not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

8 

2.2 Selection of Underwriter(s), Etc. In any Underwritten Offering or Exchange Offer
pursuant to Section 2.1, Parent shall select the underwriter(s), dealer-manager(s), financial printer, solicitation, information and/or exchange agent (if any) and counsel to Parent for such Underwritten Offering or
Exchange Offer; provided, that Parent shall consult with SpinCo and consider SpinCos suggestions, if any, in good faith in connection with such selections. 

2.3 Registration Procedures.

(a) In connection with the Registration and/or Sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement, through an Underwritten Offering or
otherwise, SpinCo shall use reasonable best efforts to effect or cause the Registration and the Sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended methods of Sale thereof and: 

(i) prepare and file the required Registration Statement including all exhibits and financial statements and, in the case of an Exchange Offer,
any document required under Rule 425 or Rule 165 with respect to such Exchange Offer (collectively, the Ancillary Filings) required under the Securities Act to be filed therewith, and before filing with the SEC a Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, (A) furnish to the underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, and to Parent, copies of all documents prepared to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the review and
comment of such underwriters or dealer-managers and Parent and their respective counsel, and provide such underwriters or dealers managers, if any, and Parent and their respective counsel reasonable time to review and comment thereon and
(B) not file with the SEC any Registration Statement or Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto or any Ancillary Filing to which Parent or the underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, shall reasonably object; 

(ii) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection
therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act with respect to the Sale of all of the Shares Registered thereon for the time periods provided by
this Agreement; 

(iii) notify Parent and the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, and (if requested) confirm
such advice in writing and provide copies of the relevant documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after notice thereof is received by SpinCo (A) when the applicable Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed or becomes
effective, when the applicable Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Prospectus has been filed, or any Ancillary Filing has been filed, (B) of any written comments by the SEC or any request by the SEC or any other Governmental
Authority for amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or any Ancillary Filing or for additional information, (C) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement or any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final Prospectus or any Ancillary Filing or the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for such purposes, (D) if, at any time, the representations and
warranties of SpinCo in any applicable underwriting agreement or dealer-manager agreements cease to be true and correct in all material respects, and (E) of the receipt by SpinCo of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or Sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; 

9 

(iv) promptly notify Parent and the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers,
if any, when SpinCo becomes aware of the occurrence of any event as a result of which the applicable Registration Statement or the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (as then in effect) or any Ancillary Filing contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of such Prospectus and any preliminary Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or, if
for any other reason it shall be necessary during such time period to amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any Ancillary Filing in order to comply with the Securities Act or Exchange Act and, in either case as promptly as
reasonably practicable thereafter, prepare and file with the SEC, and furnish without charge to Parent and the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, an amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus
(including through the filing of a document incorporated by reference therein) or any Ancillary Filing which will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; 

(v) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent or obtain the withdrawal of any stop order or other order suspending the use of any preliminary
or final Prospectus; 

(vi) promptly incorporate in a Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the managing underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, and Parent may reasonably request in order to permit the intended method of distribution of the Registrable Securities; and make all required filings of such
Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment; 

(vii) furnish to Parent and each underwriter or dealer-manager, if any,
without charge, as many conformed copies as Parent or underwriter or dealer-manager may reasonably request of the applicable Registration Statement and any amendment or post-effective amendment thereto,
including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits (including those incorporated by reference); 

(viii) deliver to Parent and each underwriter or dealer-manager, if any, without charge, as many copies of the applicable Prospectus
(including each preliminary Prospectus) and any amendment or supplement thereto as Parent or underwriter or dealer-manager may reasonably request (it being understood that SpinCo consents to the use of such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto by Parent and the underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, in connection with the offering and Sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto) and such other documents as Parent or such
underwriter or dealer-manager may reasonably request in order to facilitate the Sale of the Registrable Securities by Parent or such underwriter or dealer-manager; 

(ix) on or prior to the date on which the applicable Registration Statement is declared effective or becomes effective, use its reasonable
best efforts to register or qualify, and cooperate with Parent, the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, and their respective counsel, in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities
for offer and Sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of each state and other jurisdiction of the United States as Parent or any managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer- 

10 

managers, if any, or their respective counsel reasonably request, and in any foreign jurisdiction mutually
agreeable to SpinCo and Parent, in writing and do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary or advisable to keep such registration or qualification in effect for so long as such Registration Statement remains in effect and so as to
permit the continuance of Sales and dealings in such jurisdictions of the United States for so long as may be necessary to complete the distribution of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement; provided that SpinCo will not
be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or to take any action which would subject it to taxation or general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject;

(x) in connection with any Sale of Registrable Securities that will result in such securities no longer being Registrable Securities,
cooperate with Parent and the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be Sold and not bearing any restrictive
Securities Act legends; and to register such Registrable Securities in such denominations and such names as Parent or the underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, may request at least one (1) Business Day prior to such Sale of Registrable
Securities; provided that SpinCo may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of the Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System; 

(xi) cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with FINRA. and each securities exchange, if any, on which any of SpinCos
securities are then listed or quoted and on each inter-dealer quotation system on which any of SpinCos securities are then quoted, and in the performance of any due diligence investigation by any underwriter or dealer-manager (including any
qualified independent underwriter) that is required to be retained in accordance with the rules and regulations of each such exchange, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by the applicable
Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof or the underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, to consummate the
Sale of such Registrable Securities; 

(xii) not later than the effective date of the applicable Registration Statement, provide a CUSIP
number for all Registrable Securities and provide the applicable transfer agent with printed certificates for the Registrable Securities which are in a form eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Company; provided that SpinCo may satisfy its
obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of the Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System; 

(xiii) obtain for delivery to and addressed to Parent and to the underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers, if any, opinions from outside
counsel and the general counsel for SpinCo, in each case dated the effective date of the Registration Statement or, in the event of an Underwritten Offering, the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement or, in the event of an Exchange
Offer, the date of the closing under the dealer-manager agreement or similar agreement or otherwise, and in each such case in customary form and content for the type of Underwritten Offering or Exchange Offer, as applicable; 

11 

(xiv) in the case of an Underwritten Offering or Exchange Offer, obtain for delivery to and
addressed to SpinCo and the underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers and, to the extent requested, Parent, a comfort letter from SpinCos or other applicable independent certified public accountants in customary form and content for the
type of Underwritten Offering or Exchange Offer, dated the date of execution of the underwriting agreement or dealer-manager agreement, or, if none, the date of commencement of the Exchange Offer, and brought down to the closing, whether under the
underwriting agreement or dealer-manager agreement, if applicable, or otherwise; 

(xv) in the case of an Exchange Offer that does not
involve a dealer-manager, provide to Parent such customary written representations and warranties or other covenants or agreements as may be requested by Parent comparable to those that would be included in an underwriting agreement or
dealer-manager agreement; 

(xvi) use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make
generally available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but no later than ninety (90) days after the end of the twelve (12)-month period beginning with the first day of SpinCos first quarter commencing after the
effective date of the applicable Registration Statement, an earnings statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and covering the period of at least twelve (12)
months, but not more than eighteen (18) months, beginning with the first month after the effective date of the Registration Statement; 

(xvii) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration
Statement from and after a date not later than the effective date of such Registration Statement; 

(xviii) cause all Registrable
Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which any of SpinCos securities of the same class are then listed or quoted and on each inter-dealer quotation system on which any of
SpinCos securities of the same class are then quoted; 

(xix) provide (A) Parent, (B) the underwriters (which term, for purposes
of this Agreement, shall include a Person deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act), if any, of the Registrable Securities to be Registered, (C) the Sale or placement agent therefor, if any,
(D) the dealer-manager therefor, (E) counsel for such underwriters or agent or dealer-manager, and (F) any attorney, accountant or other agent or representative retained by Parent or any such underwriter or agent or dealer-manager, as
selected by Parent, the opportunity to participate in the preparation of such Registration Statement, each Prospectus included therein or filed with the SEC, and each amendment or supplement thereto, and to require the insertion therein of material,
furnished to SpinCo in writing, which in the reasonable judgment of Parent and its counsel should be included; and for a reasonable period prior to the filing of such Registration Statement, upon receipt of such confidentiality agreements as SpinCo
may reasonably request, make available upon reasonable notice at reasonable times and for reasonable periods for inspection by the parties referred to in (A) through (F) above, all pertinent financial and other records, pertinent corporate and
other documents and properties of SpinCo that are available to SpinCo, and cause all of SpinCos officers, directors and employees, 

12 

Kennedy Lewis, as manager under the Management Agreement (or any successor manager), and the independent
public accountants who have certified its financial statements to make themselves available at reasonable times and for reasonable periods to discuss the business of SpinCo and to supply all information available to SpinCo reasonably requested by
any such Person in connection with such Registration Statement as shall be necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, subject to the foregoing; 

(xx) cause the executive officers of SpinCo and Kennedy Lewis, as manager under the Management Agreement (or any successor manager), to
participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters or dealer-managers in any Underwritten Offering or Exchange Offer and otherwise to facilitate, cooperate with,
and participate in each proposed offering contemplated herein and customary selling efforts related thereto; 

(xxi) comply with all
requirements of the Securities Act, Exchange Act and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as applicable stock exchange rules; and 

(xxii) take all other customary steps reasonably necessary to effect the Registration, offering and Sale of the Registrable Securities. 

(b) As a condition precedent to any Registration hereunder, SpinCo may require Parent to furnish to SpinCo such information regarding the
distribution of such securities and such other information relating to Parent, its ownership of Registrable Securities and other matters as SpinCo may from time to time reasonably request in writing. Parent agrees to furnish such information to
SpinCo and to cooperate with SpinCo as reasonably necessary to enable SpinCo to comply with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(c) Parent
agrees that, upon receipt of any written notice from SpinCo of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 2.3(a)(iv), Parent will forthwith discontinue the Sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration
Statement until Parents receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 2.3(a)(iv), or until Parent is advised in writing by SpinCo that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed, and if so
directed by SpinCo, Parent will deliver to SpinCo (at SpinCos expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in Parents possession, of the Prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such
notice. In the event SpinCo shall give any such notice, the period during which the applicable Registration Statement is required to be maintained effective shall be extended by the number of days during the period from and including the date of the
giving of such notice to and including the date when each seller of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement either receives the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 2.3(a)(iv) or
is advised in writing by SpinCo that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. 

2.4 Holdback Agreements. To the extent requested in
writing by the managing underwriter or underwriters of any Underwritten Offering, SpinCo agrees not to, and shall exercise reasonable best efforts to obtain agreements (in the underwriters customary form) from its directors, executive officers
and any beneficial owner or owners of five percent (5%) or more of SpinCo Common Stock that has a representative on the board of directors of SpinCo not to, 

13 

directly or indirectly offer, Sell, pledge, contract to Sell (including any short Sale), grant any option to purchase or otherwise Sell any equity securities of SpinCo or enter into any hedging
transaction relating to any equity securities of SpinCo during the ninety (90) days beginning on pricing date of such Underwritten Offering (except as part of such Underwritten Offering or any distribution or pursuant to registrations on Form
S-8 or S-4 or any successor forms thereto) unless the managing underwriter or underwriters otherwise agree to a shorter period. 

2.5 Underwritten Offerings; Exchange Offers. If requested by the managing underwriters for any Underwritten Offering or dealer-managers
for any Exchange Offer, SpinCo shall enter into an underwriting agreement or dealer-manager agreement with such underwriters or dealer-managers for such offering; provided, however, that Parent shall not be required to make any
representations or warranties to SpinCo or the underwriters or dealer- managers (other than representations and warranties regarding Parent and Parents intended method of distribution) or to undertake any indemnification obligations to SpinCo
or the underwriters or dealer-managers with respect thereto, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.8 hereof. 

2.6 Convertible or Exchange Registration; Registration Rights with Participating Banks.

(a) If Parent offers any options, rights, warrants or other securities issued by it or any other Person that are offered with, convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for any Registrable Securities, the Registrable Securities underlying such options, rights, warrants or other securities shall be eligible for Registration pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof
(a Convertible or Exchange Registration). 

(b) If one or more members of the Parent Group decides to engage, directly
or indirectly, in an Exchange with one or more Participating Banks, SpinCo shall, upon Parents request, enter into a registration rights agreement with the Participating Banks in connection with such Exchange, as applicable, on terms and
conditions consistent with this Agreement and reasonably satisfactory to SpinCo and the Parent Group. 

2.7 Registration Expenses.
In the case of any Registration of Retained Shares required pursuant to this Agreement (including any Registration that is delayed or withdrawn) or proposed Underwritten Offering pursuant to this Agreement, Parent shall pay all Registration Expenses
regardless of whether the Registration Statement becomes effective or the Underwritten Offering is completed. 

2.8 Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by SpinCo. SpinCo agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by law, Parent,
Parents Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, and agents and each Person who controls (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) such Persons from and against any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities (or actions in respect thereof, whether or not such indemnified party is a party thereto) and expenses, joint or several (including reasonable costs of investigation and legal expenses) (each, a Loss and
collectively Losses) arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue 

14 

or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the Sale of such Registrable Securities was Registered under the Securities Act (including any
final or preliminary Prospectus contained therein or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any documents incorporated by reference therein), or any such statement made in any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) that SpinCo has filed or is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein (in the case of a Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus or free writing prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading; provided, however, that SpinCo shall not be liable to any
particular indemnified party in any such case to the extent that any such Loss arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in any such Registration Statement in reliance upon
and in conformity with written information furnished to SpinCo by such indemnified party expressly for use in the preparation thereof. This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability SpinCo may otherwise have. Such indemnity shall remain in
full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Parent or any indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of such securities by Parent. 

(b) Indemnification by Parent. Parent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by law, SpinCo, its
directors, officers, employees, advisors, and agents and each Person who controls SpinCo (within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act) from and against any Losses arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the Sale of such Registrable Securities was Registered under the Securities Act (including any final or preliminary Prospectus contained therein or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto or any documents incorporated by reference therein), or any such statement made in any free writing prospectus issued in connection with the Sale that SpinCo has filed or is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d)
under the Securities Act, or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus or free writing
prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading to the extent, but, in each case (i) or (ii), only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is made in reliance upon and conformity with any
information furnished in writing by Parent to SpinCo specifically for inclusion in such Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus or free writing prospectus. In no event shall the liability of Parent hereunder be greater in amount
than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by Parent (or the fair value of the securities received in an Exchange Offer or distributed in a spin-off or distribution) under the Sale of the Registrable
Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability Parent may otherwise have. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
SpinCo or any indemnified party. 

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder will
(i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that any delay or failure to so notify the indemnifying party shall relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations
hereunder only to the extent that it is materially prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure) and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably

15 

satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided, however, that any Person entitled to
indemnification hereunder shall have the right to select and employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Person unless (i) the indemnifying
party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim within a reasonable time after receipt of notice of such claim from the Person entitled to
indemnification hereunder and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Person, (iii) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties
that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, or (iv) in the reasonable judgment of any such Person, based upon advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest may exist between such Person and the
indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the Person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such Person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not
have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such Person). If such defense is not assumed by the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will not be subject to any liability for any settlement made without its consent, but such
consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. If the indemnifying party assumes the defense, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to settle such action without the consent of the indemnified party, which consent may
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. No indemnifying party shall consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
indemnified party of an unconditional release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same
jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm at any one time (in addition to local counsel) from all such indemnified party or parties unless (x) the employment of more than one
counsel has been authorized in writing by the indemnified party or parties, (y) an indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition
to those available to the other indemnified parties or (z) a conflict or potential conflict exists or may exist (based on advice of counsel to an indemnified party) between such indemnified party and the other indemnified parties, in each of
which cases the indemnifying party shall be obligated to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such additional counsel or counsels. 

(d)
Contribution. If for any reason the indemnification provided for in Section 2.8(a) or Section 2.8(b) is unavailable to an indemnified party or insufficient to hold it harmless as contemplated by
Section 2.8(a) or Section 2.8(b), then the indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such Loss in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or the indemnified party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue
statement or omission. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.8(d) to the contrary, no indemnifying party (other than SpinCo) shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.8(d) to contribute any amount in excess of the
amount by which the net proceeds received by such indemnifying party from the Sale of 

16 

Registrable Securities in the offering to which the Losses of the indemnified parties relate (before deducting expenses, if any) exceeds the amount of any damages which such indemnifying party
has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 2.8(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or
by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 2.8(d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.8(d), Parent shall not be required to contribute any
amount in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by Parent (or the fair value of the securities received in an Exchange Offer or distributed in a spin-off or distribution) under the Sale of
the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party hereunder shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 2.8(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action,
investigation or proceeding. If indemnification is available under this Section 2.8, the indemnifying parties shall indemnify each indemnified party to the full extent provided in Section 2.8(a) and
Section 2.8(b) hereof without regard to the relative fault of said indemnifying parties or indemnified party. 

2.9
Reporting Requirements; Rule 144. Until the expiration or termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, SpinCo shall be and remain in compliance with the periodic filing requirements imposed under the SECs rules and
regulations, including the Exchange Act, and any other applicable laws or rules, and shall timely file such information, documents and reports as the SEC may require or prescribe under Section 13 or 15(d) (whichever is applicable) of the
Exchange Act. If SpinCo is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of Parent, make publicly available such necessary information for so long as necessary to permit Sales pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S under the Securities
Act, and it will take such further action as Parent may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable Parent to Sell Registrable Securities without Registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the
exemptions provided by (a) Rule 144 or Regulation S under the Securities Act, as such Rules may be amended from time to time, or (b) any rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC. From and after the date hereof through the first
anniversary of the date upon which Parent no longer owns any Registrable Securities, SpinCo shall forthwith upon request furnish Parent (i) a written statement by SpinCo as to whether it has complied with such requirements and, if not, the
specifics thereof, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of SpinCo, and (iii) such other reports and documents filed by SpinCo with the SEC as Parent may reasonably request in availing itself of an exemption for the
Sale of Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act. 

2.10 Other Registration Rights. SpinCo shall not
grant to any Persons the right to request SpinCo to Register any equity securities of SpinCo, or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for such securities, whether pursuant to demand, piggyback, or
other rights, unless such rights are subject and subordinate to the rights of Parent under this Agreement. 

17 

2.11 Suspension of Registration. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued
use of a Registration Statement would, as reasonably determined in good faith by SpinCo, require the disclosure of material non-public information that SpinCo has a bona fide business purpose to keep
confidential and the disclosure of which would have a material adverse effect on any active proposal by SpinCo or any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any material acquisition, merger, consolidation, tender offer, other business combination,
reorganization or other material transaction, SpinCo may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to Parent, postpone the filing or effectiveness of such Registration (a Registration Suspension) for a period not to exceed
thirty (30) days; provided, however, that SpinCo may exercise a Registration Suspension no more than one (1) time in any twelve (12)-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such delay shall
exceed such number of days that SpinCo determines in good faith to be reasonably necessary. SpinCo shall (i) immediately notify Parent upon the termination of any Registration Suspension, (ii) amend or supplement the Prospectus, if
necessary, so it does not contain any untrue statement or omission therein and (iii) furnish to Parent such numbers of copies of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented as Parent may reasonably request. In addition, SpinCo may decline to
effect a Demand Registration if, as reasonably determined in good faith by SpinCo, the transaction contemplated by the Demand Registration would (i) violate any applicable law, regulation, court order, judgment or similar equivalent;
(ii) jeopardize SpinCos ability to maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Section 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; or (iii) violate any provision in
SpinCos charter or bylaws. Any such election to decline by SpinCo must include the reasons for such election. 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS

3.1 Term. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time that there are no Registrable Securities, except for the provisions of
Section 2.7 and Section 2.8 and all of this Article III, which shall survive any such termination. 

3.2 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands or other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given
or made (and except as provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service, by certified mail, return receipt requested, by electronic mail
(e-mail), so long as confirmation of receipt of such e-mail is requested and received, to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 3.2): 

(a) 

If to Parent: 

Lennar Corporation 

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

18 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 

[redacted] 

Email: [redacted]

(b) 

If to SpinCo: 

Millrose Properties, Inc. 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted] 

with a
copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted] 

A party may, by notice
to the other party, change the address to which such notices are to be given or made. 

3.3 Successors, Assigns and Transferees. The
provisions of this Agreement and the obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. SpinCo may assign this
Agreement at any time in connection with a Sale or acquisition of SpinCo, whether by merger, consolidation, Sale of all or substantially all of SpinCos assets, or similar transaction, without the consent of Parent; provided that the
successor or acquiring Person agrees in writing to assume all of SpinCos rights and obligations under this Agreement. Parent may assign this Agreement to any member of the Parent Group or at any time in connection with a sale or acquisition of
Parent, whether by merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of Parents assets, or similar transaction, without the consent of SpinCo. 

3.4 Specific Performance. In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and
provisions of this Agreement, the party or parties who are, or are to be, thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief in respect of its or their rights under this Agreement, in addition to
any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The parties agree that the remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach, including monetary damages, are inadequate compensation
for any loss and that any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate is waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are waived by each of the parties. 

3.5 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

19 

(a) This Agreement will be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the state of
Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(b) Each party irrevocably
agrees that any litigation relating to any dispute with respect to this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
arising hereunder brought by the other party or its successors or assigns, shall be brought and determined exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware (or, solely in the case
that the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware) (the Chosen Courts). Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits with
regard to any such dispute for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the Chosen Courts. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any dispute with respect to this
Agreement, (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such
courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise), and (iii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any claim that (A) the
dispute in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the venue of such dispute is improper, or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, each Party hereby consents to the service of process in accordance with Section 3.2;provided that (x) nothing herein shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other
manner permitted by law and (y) each such partys consent to jurisdiction and service contained in this Section 3.5(b) is solely for the purpose referred to in this Section 3.5(b) and shall not be deemed to be a
general submission to said courts or in the State of Delaware other than for such purpose. 

(c) EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

3.6
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof or thereof, or
the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated
thereby. Upon such determination, SpinCo and Parent shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon such a suitable and equitable provision to effect the original intent of the parties, provided that if Parent or any of its Affiliates owns
Registrable Securities, no change to this Agreement will be effected without the written consent of Parent if such amendment or waiver adversely affects the rights of Parent or such Affiliates of Parent. 

20 

3.7 Amendment; Waiver. 

(a) This Agreement may not be amended or modified and waivers and consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, except
by an instrument or instruments in writing making specific reference to this Agreement and signed by SpinCo and Parent; provided that if Parent or any of its Affiliates owns Registrable Securities, no amendment to or waiver of any provision in this
Agreement will be effected without the written consent of Parent if such amendment or waiver adversely affects the rights of Parent or such Affiliates of Parent. 

(b) Waiver by a party of any default by the other party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by the waiving party
of any subsequent or other default, nor shall it prejudice the rights of the other party. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or
partial exercise thereof prejudice any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 

3.8
Registrations, Exchanges, etc. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained in this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply to the full extent set forth herein with respect to (a) any shares of SpinCo
Common Stock, now or hereafter authorized to be issued, (b) any and all securities of SpinCo into which the shares of SpinCo Common Stock are converted, exchanged or substituted in any recapitalization or other capital reorganization by SpinCo
and (c) any and all securities of any kind whatsoever of SpinCo or any successor or permitted assign of SpinCo (whether by merger, consolidation, Sale of assets or otherwise) which may be issued on or after the date hereof in respect of, in
conversion of, in exchange for or in substitution of, Registrable Shares of SpinCo Common Stock, and shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividends, or other distributions, stock splits or reverse stock splits, combinations,
recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, exchange offers or other reorganizations occurring after the date hereof. 

3.9 Further
Assurances. In addition to the actions specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, but subject to the express limitations of this Agreement, each of the parties shall use reasonable best efforts, prior to, on and after the
Distribution, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and agreements to consummate and make effective, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. 

3.10 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except for any Person expressly entitled to indemnification rights under this
Agreement, (a) the provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and are not intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder, and (b) there are no
third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and this Agreement shall not provide any third Person with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or other right in excess of those existing without reference to this Agreement. 

21 

3.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or two
(2) counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one (1) or two (2) counterparts have been signed by the two parties and delivered to the other party. Each party
acknowledges that it and the other party may execute this Agreement by facsimile, stamp or mechanical signature, and that delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement (whether executed by manual, stamp or mechanical
signature) by facsimile or by e-mail (including portable document format (PDF) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) shall be effective as
delivery of such executed counterpart of this Agreement. Each party expressly adopts and confirms each such facsimile, stamp or mechanical signature (regardless of whether delivered in person, by mail, by courier, by facsimile or by e-mail (including portable document format (PDF) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com)) made in its respective name as if it were a manual signature
delivered in person, agrees that it will not assert that any such signature or delivery is not adequate to bind such party to the same extent as if it were signed manually and delivered in person and agrees that, at the reasonable request of the
other party at any time, it will as promptly as reasonably practicable cause this Agreement to be manually executed (any such execution to be as of the date of the initial date thereof) and delivered in person, by mail or by courier. 

[The remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature page follows.] 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

LENNAR CORPORATION

By: /s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

By: /s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d760441dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT 

This SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 7, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between Lennar-Millrose HOPPR, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sublicensor), and Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Millrose or
Sublicensee). Sublicensor and Sublicensee are referred to in this Agreement individually as a Party and together as the Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Lennar
Corporation (Lennar) distributed all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Millrose Properties, Inc. to Lennars Class A and Class B stockholders in a taxable spin-off,
which caused Millrose Properties, Inc. to be an independent, publicly traded company that will engage, through its subsidiaries, in land purchases, horizontal development, and homesite option purchase agreements for Lennar, certain entities with
which Lennar has a business relationship or in which Lennar has an ownership interest, and, potentially, other home builders and developers; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the License Agreement by and between Sublicensor and Lennar HOPPR, LLC (Licensor), dated as of
the date hereof (the License Agreement), Sublicensor has the right to use the HOPPR (as defined in Section 1.1) and related intellectual property and trademark rights exclusively for the benefit of
Millrose; 

WHEREAS, the HOPPR is useful to the operation and management of Millrose and its Affiliates; 

WHEREAS, under the License Agreement, Sublicensor has the right to sublicense its rights to use the HOPPR to Sublicensee; and 

WHEREAS, Sublicensor wishes to grant to Sublicensee, and Sublicensee wishes to receive from Sublicensor, the right to use the HOPPR for
Sublicensees internal business purposes, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises recited in this Agreement as well as other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS;
INTERPRETATION 

Section 1.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following
meanings: 

Affiliate means, with respect to a Party, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or
under common control with that Party; where control means the possession directly or indirectly of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person. 

Sublicense Agreement 1

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday, or any other day on which banks are required or
authorized by Law to be closed in New York, NY. 

Confidential Information means, with respect to a Party, all technical
or business information (and documentation) of that Party and its Affiliates and its and their clients, customers, suppliers (including contractors), and other third parties doing business with that Party or its Affiliates, whether disclosed to,
accessed by, or otherwise learned by the other Party, including: (a) the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (b) all information marked as confidential (or with words of similar meaning); (c) all information that by its substance
is reasonably implied to be confidential; (d) anything developed by reference to the information described in this definition; (e) inside information, including material, nonpublic, price-sensitive corporate or market
information relating to that Party and its Affiliates and its and their clients, customers, suppliers (including contractors), and other third parties doing business with that Party, that is acquired in connection with this Agreement; and
(f) all Know-How and other confidential Intellectual Property or similar proprietary rights related to or embodied in Licensed IP. 

Copyrights means all published and unpublished works of authorship (including software); copyrights in and to those works,
including development documentation, drawings, specifications, and data; registrations and applications for all of the above, including all renewals, extensions, restorations, and reversions thereof; and any applicable copies, adaptations,
translations, updates, improvements, or modifications to, or derivative works of, any of the above. 

Effective Date has
the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Governmental Authority means any United States or non-United States federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local, or similar government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, branch, agency, or commission or any court, tribunal, or
arbitral or judicial body (including any grand jury). 

HOPPR means that certain Homesite Option Purchase
Platform, which consists of a comprehensive suite of systems and procedures developed by Lennar to operate and manage the large-scale transition to being a land-light home building manufacturer, and all Intellectual Property rights in that suite of
systems and procedures. 

HOPPR Mark means the HOPPR name and all related rights in Marks as Licensor owns
or comes to own while this Agreement remains in effect. 

Improvements means improvements, enhancements, or
modifications to, or derivative works of, the Intellectual Property. 

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.1. 

Intellectual Property means all Copyrights, Patents, and Know-How, but expressly excluding any Marks. 

Sublicense Agreement 2

Know-How means know-how, trade secrets, concepts, specifications, technical information, engineering information, manufacturing information, designs, schematics, drawings, prototypes, data, protocols, processes, procedures,
models, methods, techniques, or other proprietary information, whether tangible or intangible and whether stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing, in each case whether in tangible or
intangible form, and any applicable copies, adaptations, translations, updates, improvements or modifications of any of the above, in each case that derive actual or potential independent economic value from not being generally known to, or readily
ascertainable through proper means by, other Persons, but excluding any Copyrights or Patents that cover or protect any of the above. 

Law means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive order, injunction, judgment, decree, or order of
any Governmental Authority. 

License Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Licensed IP means the HOPPR and the HOPPR Mark. 

Licensor has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Loss or Losses means any and all losses, damages, payments, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, awards,
assessments, judgments, penalties, fines, interest, costs, and expenses (including attorneys fees, costs, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending the above). 

Marks means trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, trade
dress, internet domain names, accounts or handles with social media platforms, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter/X, or other indicia of origin, and all registrations or applications for registration of the foregoing (including intent-to-use applications or other similar reservations of marks), including the goodwill associated with or symbolized by, and common law rights in, any or all of the
foregoing. 

Millrose has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Party and Parties have the meanings set forth in the preamble. 

Patents means (a) all patents and patent applications; (b) all patents and patent applications that claim
priority to any patent or patent applications described in clause (a) of this definition; (c) all continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, reissues,
renewals, reexaminations, provisionals, substitutions, extensions, foreign counterparts, or equivalents of any patent or patent application described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition; and (d) all patents issuing from any patent
application described the preceding clauses. 

Person means any natural person, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint
venture, trust, association, corporation, limited liability company, Governmental Authority, custodian, nominee, or other individual or entity, in its own or any representative capacity, in each case, whether domestic or foreign. 

Sublicense Agreement 3

Sublicensee has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Sublicensor has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Section 1.2 Interpretation. The words hereof, herein, and hereunder, and words of similar
import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Terms used in this Agreement and defined in the singular have correlative meanings when used in the plural, and vice
versa. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement, and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions of this Agreement. Where a reference in this
Agreement is made to an Article or Section such reference shall be to an Article or Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words include, includes, including, e.g.,
or such as are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The term or when used in this Agreement is not exclusive. The word will when used in this
Agreement is to be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. 

ARTICLE II 

GRANT OF SUBLICENSE 

Section 2.1 Grant of Sublicense. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Sublicensor hereby grants to
Sublicensee and its Affiliates, and Sublicensee hereby accepts, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-sublicensable (except from time to time to the Person responsible for the
management and operation of Millrose) or any of its Affiliates, non-transferable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual sublicense to use the Licensed IP solely for
Sublicensees and its Affiliates internal business purposes. Except as otherwise expressly approved in writing by Sublicensor, the sublicense described in the preceding sentence is personal to Sublicensee and may only be further
sublicensed to such Person as is responsible for the management and operation of Millrose or any of its Affiliates from time to time, and such further sublicense shall be limited solely to use by such manager or operator for the benefit of Millrose
and solely for such time as such Person is acting as the manager or operator of Millrose or any of its Affiliates. 

Section 2.2
Improvements. As between the Parties and their Affiliates, all title and ownership rights, including all Intellectual Property rights, throughout the world in any Improvements to the Licensed IP first conceived and reduced to practice by
Sublicensee or any of its Affiliates under this Agreement shall vest in Sublicensor, which Improvements Sublicensor will hold for the sole benefit of Licensor. Sublicensee hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers, and conveys, on behalf of itself and
its Affiliates to Sublicensor all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Improvements, which Sublicensor will further assign, transfer, and convey to Licensor. All Improvements referred to in the preceding sentences shall be deemed to be
part of the Licensed IP and included in the rights and license granted in Section 2.1. 

Section 2.3
Reservation of Rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed IP shall remain the exclusive property of Licensor. Except for the rights expressly granted in this Article II, no licenses or sublicenses
are granted by Sublicensor to Sublicensee or its Affiliates under this Agreement, directly or indirectly, either expressly or by implication, by estoppel, or otherwise. Any and all rights not expressly granted to Sublicensee or its Affiliates in

Sublicense Agreement 4

this Agreement are reserved by Sublicensor. Sublicensee agrees that all goodwill and improved reputation in respect of, associated with, or generated by Sublicensees or any of its
Affiliates use of the HOPPR Mark shall inure to the sole benefit of Sublicensor, on behalf of Licensor, and this Agreement does not confer on Sublicensee or any of its Affiliates any goodwill or ownership interest in the HOPPR
Mark. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, in no event will this Agreement be deemed to grant a Party any right or license, express or implied, with respect to the Marks of the other Party, and except as otherwise expressly set forth in
this Agreement, neither Party (nor any Affiliate of such Party) shall have any rights or licenses under this Agreement, express or implied, with respect to any other Intellectual Property owned, licensed, or sublicensed by the other Party or any of
that other Partys Affiliates. 

Section 2.4 Limitations on Scope of Marks License. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, the HOPPR Mark (a) must be used in the manner, including with respect to style, typeface, and graphic appearance, as may be directed by Sublicensor from time to time and (b) may not be combined, mixed, comingled, or
otherwise joined with any other Marks or with any prefix or suffix or any modifying word or term. Sublicensee is permitted to use the HOPPR Mark solely in a manner that is in conformity with (i) Licensors generally applicable
policies regarding quality control and use of the HOPPR Mark (as conveyed to Sublicensee by Sublicensor from time to time) and (ii) the quality control provisions set forth in Article V. Use of the HOPPR
Mark in any advertising or other publicity channels shall require Sublicensors prior review and written approval, which Sublicensor may grant or withhold in its sole discretion in consultation with Licensor. 

ARTICLE III 

TERM AND
TERMINATION 

Section 3.1 Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity unless
earlier terminated by written agreement of the Parties or by Sublicensor pursuant to Section 3.2. 

Section 3.2 Termination. Sublicensor may immediately terminate this Agreement, or the sublicense granted in this Agreement, upon
written notice to Sublicensee: 

(a) if Sublicensee fails in any material respect to comply with or breaches in any material respect the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and Sublicensor gives written notice to Sublicensee specifying that failure or breach; provided that (i) Sublicensee shall have sixty (60) days after the date of receipt of that notice to cure the
breach, (ii) if the failure or breach is not cured by the end of the sixty (60) day period, or if the breach is not able to be cured, Sublicensor may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice to Sublicensee given at any time
after the end of the sixty (60) day period, (iii) Sublicensor is not required to provide to Sublicensee more than one opportunity to cure a given breach of this Agreement, and (iv) if, after a given breach of this Agreement by
Sublicensee has been cured, Sublicensee again breaches this Agreement in the same or a substantially similar manner, then Sublicensor may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice to Sublicensee, and Sublicensee shall have no
opportunity to cure that repeated breach; 

Sublicense Agreement 5

(b) if Sublicensee makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or becomes
insolvent, or a receiver is appointed for, or a court approves reorganization or arrangement proceedings on, Sublicensee; or 

(c) if all
or a material part of Sublicensees assets are condemned, expropriated, or otherwise taken over by a Governmental Authority or are repossessed, foreclosed upon, or otherwise seized by any Sublicensee creditor. 

Sublicensors right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall be without prejudice to the enforcement of
any other rights or remedies that Sublicensor may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity. 

Section 3.3 Effect of
Termination of License. 

(a) Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason: (a) Sublicensees and its
Affiliates sublicense to use the Licensed IP shall immediately and automatically terminate; (b) Sublicensee shall immediately stop and shall cause its Affiliates to stop, using the Licensed IP and promptly, upon becoming aware of any
materials, stationery, or other documents (whether in written, electronic, optical, or other form) in the possession or control of Sublicensee that contain the HOPPR Mark, remove the HOPPR Mark from those materials, stationery, or
documents or destroy those materials, stationery, or documents (provided that the Sublicensee and its Affiliates shall be permitted to keep a copy of those materials, stationery, or documents for archival purposes only, without an obligation to
remove HOPPR Mark from those materials, stationery or documents); and (c) all rights in the Licensed IP granted to Sublicensee and its Affiliates, including any associated goodwill, under this Agreement, shall automatically revert to
Sublicensor, for the benefit of Licensor. 

(b) Upon the termination of this Agreement, Sublicensee shall not, and shall cause its
Affiliates to not, use any Mark that is confusingly similar to or dilutive of the HOPPR Mark, or any variation, derivation, or colorable imitation of the HOPPR Mark. 

Section 3.4 Survival. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Article stating otherwise, Article I,
Section 2.3, Section 2.4, this Section 3.4, Article IV, Article VI, Article VII, Article
VIII, and Article IX shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONFIDENTIALITY 

Section 4.1 Generally. The Parties acknowledge that, in connection with this Agreement, each Party may obtain access to
Confidential Information of the other Party. Each Party shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall: (a) not use Confidential Information of the other Party except as contemplated in this Agreement; (b) not use or cause to be used
Confidential Information of the other Party for its own account or for the benefit of any third party; (c) not directly or indirectly disclose, reveal, divulge, or communicate Confidential Information of the other Party other than to the
authorized officers and employees of the other Party and its Affiliates who must be directly involved with the Confidential Information for the purposes of this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality terms at least as restrictive as those in
this Agreement; (d) not reverse engineer, de-compile, or disassemble any Confidential Information of the other Party; (e) use the same degree of care as for its own information of like

Sublicense Agreement 6

importance, but at least use reasonable care, in safeguarding against disclosure of the Confidential Information of the other Party; and (f) promptly notify the other Party upon discovery of
any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information of the other Party and take reasonable steps to regain possession of that Confidential Information and prevent further unauthorized actions or other breach of this Agreement. Each
Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party pursuant to any order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other Governmental Authority; provided that the Party making that disclosure shall give reasonable and,
if practicable, advance notice to the other Party of that order or requirement in order to give the other Party a reasonable opportunity to enjoin that disclosure, to limit the scope of that disclosure, or to seek other protective orders. 

Section 4.2 Exclusions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the restrictions and obligations set
forth in Section 4.1 shall not apply to any information that (a) is or becomes generally known to the public or in the applicable industry, other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement, (b) is known to the
receiving Party at the time of disclosure without violation of any confidentiality restriction and without any restriction on the receiving Partys further use or disclosure (except for Confidential Information that was known by the receiving
Party prior to the Effective Date) or (c) is independently developed by the receiving Party without reference to the Confidential Information disclosed by the disclosing Party. 

Section 4.3 Publicity. Except as agreed between the Parties, neither Party shall make any press release or other public statement
or disclosure (including communications to employees, customers, or suppliers) regarding this Agreement without giving the other Party reasonable prior notice and the opportunity to review and comment upon that release, statement, or disclosure,
unless and only to the extent that disclosure is required under applicable Law. 

ARTICLE V 

QUALITY CONTROL 

Section 5.1 Exercise of Quality Control. 

(a) Sublicensee acknowledges the importance of Sublicensors exercise of quality control over the use of the HOPPR Mark, on behalf
of Licensor, in order to preserve the continued integrity and validity of the HOPPR Mark and to protect the value and goodwill associated with the HOPPR Mark, and that, as between the Parties, Sublicensor has the sole right to exercise
such control. 

(b) Sublicensee hereby agrees and covenants that Sublicensees and its Affiliates use of the HOPPR Mark
shall be in accordance with any guidelines (including brand guidelines), standards, and requirements of quality reasonably prescribed by Licensor, as may be provided to Sublicensee from time to time during the Term. 

(c) Sublicensee shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, use the HOPPR Mark in any manner that is reasonably likely to or does
tarnish, dilute, disparage, or reflect negatively on Licensor, Sublicensor, any of their Affiliates, or the HOPPR Mark. 

Sublicense Agreement 7

Section 5.2 Notices. Sublicensee shall, and shall its Affiliates not to, include
trademark and other notices in connection with the use of the HOPPR Mark as reasonably required by Sublicensor from time to time. 

Section 5.3 Audit. Upon request from Sublicensor, Sublicensee shall deliver to Sublicensor (or to Licensor or a designated
Affiliate) representative samples of all ways in which Sublicensee or its Affiliates used or uses the HOPPR Mark. Sublicensor shall also have the right, on reasonable prior notice to Sublicensee, periodically to inspect and evaluate the manner
in which Sublicensee or any of its Affiliates uses the HOPPR Mark, including the rights to (a) periodically evaluate the quality of the services offered by Sublicensee or its Affiliates using the HOPPR Mark, (b) periodically
request samples of materials on which Sublicensee or its Affiliates uses the HOPPR Mark, and (c) review or audit any document, information, or matter relating to the HOPPR Mark or this Agreement, through Sublicensors or
Licensors own staff or through contractors, agents, auditors, or advisers. Sublicensee shall provide Sublicensor or Licensor and their respective employees, contractors, agents, auditors, and advisers with such information, assistance and
access to Sublicensees premises, employees, and documentation as is reasonable in order that they may fully and promptly carry out each audit. These evaluations are meant to ensure that Sublicensee or its Affiliates are using the HOPPR
Mark in a manner designed to maintain or enhance the reputation and integrity of the HOPPR Mark and the goodwill associated with it, and Sublicensor reserves, and reserves on behalf of Licensor, all rights of approval necessary to achieve this
result. 

Section 5.4 Compliance with Quality Control Provisions. If Sublicensor determines, in its or in Licensors
discretion, that Sublicensees or its Affiliates use of the HOPPR Mark does not comply with the applicable quality or usage standards of this Agreement, Sublicensor immediately may, in addition to its other rights and remedies under this
Agreement, require Sublicensee or its Affiliates to take all reasonable steps to remedy any such deficiencies promptly after Sublicensees receipt of written notice of those deficiencies or to cease those
non-complying uses. 

ARTICLE VI 

MAINTENANCE AND ENFORCEMENT 

Section 6.1 Ownership. 

(a) The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, as between Licensor, the Parties, and their respective Affiliates, Licensor is and shall be
the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed IP. Sublicensee agrees not to represent to any third party that Sublicensee or any of its Affiliates has any ownership interest in the Licensed IP. 

(b) Sublicensee covenants and agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, do anything inconsistent with Licensors
ownership of the HOPPR Mark and shall not claim adversely to Licensor or Sublicensor or assist any third party in attempting to claim adversely to Licensor or Sublicensor, with regard to that ownership. Sublicensee covenants and agrees that it
will not, and will cause its Affiliates not to, challenge, in any country or jurisdiction, Licensors or any of its Affiliates title to or ownership of the HOPPR Mark or any rights in the HOPPR Mark, challenge any issuances or
application of any HOPPR Mark, or challenge the validity of the HOPPR Mark. 

Sublicense Agreement 8

Section 6.2 Prosecution and Maintenance. Licensor shall have the sole right (but
not the obligation) to prosecute and maintain any rights in and to the Licensed IP with respect to third parties. Sublicensee shall reasonably assist and cooperate with Sublicensor and Licensor at Sublicensors expense in (a) the provision
of any requested documentation necessary for the prosecution or maintenance of the Licensed IP and (b) the execution and delivery of any documents for the prosecution or maintenance of the Licensed IP. 

Section 6.3 Enforcement. Sublicensee shall promptly notify Sublicensor of any infringement or misappropriation of the Licensed IP
that comes to Sublicensees attention. Licensor shall have the sole right (but not the obligation) to bring and control any claim related to the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of any rights in and to the Licensed IP by a
third party and shall retain one hundred percent (100%) of all damages, recoveries, and other amounts awarded or obtained in connection with any such claim prosecuted by Licensor. Sublicensee shall reasonably assist and cooperate with Licensor and
Sublicensor in connection with its prosecution of a claim pursuant to this Section 6.3, at the expense of the Sublicensor, including the provision or execution of any requested documentation. 

Section 6.4 No Challenge. Sublicensee agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, take any actions
inconsistent with Licensors ownership of the Licensed IP and shall not claim adversely to Licensor or Sublicensor, or assist any third party in attempting to claim adversely to Licensor or Sublicensor, with regard to such ownership.
Sublicensee agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, challenge, in any country or jurisdiction, (a) Licensors title to or ownership of the Licensed IP or any rights in the Licensed IP, (b) any issuance or
application of any Licensed IP, or (c) the validity of the Licensed IP, this Agreement, or the sublicense granted in this Agreement. 

Section 6.5 Avoidance of Adverse Trademark Actions by Sublicensee. Sublicensee hereby covenants that it shall not, and will not
authorize its Affiliates or any third party to: (a) either directly or indirectly apply for the registration or renewal of registration of the HOPPR Mark, any variation thereon, or any Mark that contains or is confusingly similar to or
dilutive of the HOPPR Mark or (b) use the HOPPR Mark when Sublicensee knows or has reason to know that its use infringes or otherwise violates, or is alleged to infringe or otherwise violate, the Marks or other proprietary rights of
another party. 

Section 6.6 Specific Performance and Injunctive Relief. Sublicensee acknowledges that the Licensed IP
possesses special, unique, and extraordinary characteristics that make difficult the assessment of the monetary damages that Licensor and Sublicensor would sustain by Sublicensees or its Affiliates breach of
Article II, Article IV, Article V, or Article VI. Sublicensee acknowledges and agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates that the use of the Licensed IPoutside the scope of the sublicense grant set forth Article II or any other breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm to Licensor and Sublicensor for which
monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy and that Licensor and Sublicensor would suffer irreparable harm due to delay if, as a condition to obtaining an injunction, restraining order, or other equitable remedy with regard to Sublicensees
or its Affiliates use or breach, Licensor or Sublicensor were required to participate in mediation, arbitration, or further court proceedings with Sublicensee or demonstrate that Licensor or Sublicensor would suffer irreparable harm.
Accordingly, in the event of any such use or breach, for the purpose of granting an injunction, restraining order, or other equitable remedy, the Parties intend for the court to assume that Sublicensees or its Affiliates use or breach
would cause Licensor and Sublicensor 

Sublicense Agreement 9

irreparable harm. The obligations of Sublicensee under this Agreement shall be enforceable by a decree of specific performance issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, and appropriate
injunctive relief may be applied for and granted in connection with any such decree. The remedies discussed in this Section 6.6 shall, however, be cumulative and not exclusive and shall be in addition to any other remedies that
Sublicensor may have under this Agreement or otherwise. Sublicensee agrees that neither Licensor nor Sublicensor shall be required to post a bond or any other security in any action described in this Section 6.6. 

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 7.1 Sublicensee Indemnification Obligations. Sublicensee agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Licensor,
Sublicensor, their respective Affiliates, and each of its and their respective directors, officers, and employees (each, an Indemnified Party), in each case from and against any and all Losses suffered or incurred by an
Indemnified Party arising out of, related to, or connected with Sublicensees and its Affiliates exploitation of the Licensed IP. 

Section 7.2 Indemnification Procedures. If a claim is commenced against an Indemnified Party, the Indemnified Party shall
give Sublicensee prompt notice of the claim. The failure to deliver such notice, however, shall not release Sublicensee from any of its obligations under this Article except to the extent that Sublicensee is materially prejudiced by that failure. At
Sublicensees cost and expense: (a) Sublicensee shall immediately take control of the defense of the claim and shall engage attorneys acceptable to the Indemnified Party to defend the claim, and (b) the Indemnified Party shall
cooperate with Sublicensee (and its attorneys) in the defense of the claim. The Indemnified Party may, at its own cost and expense, participate (through its attorneys or otherwise) in the defense of the claim. Sublicensee shall not, without the
Indemnified Partys consent, enter into a settlement of the claim that (i) does not include a full release of the Indemnified Party or (ii) involves a remedy other than the payment of money. If Sublicensee does not assume control
over the defense of a claim as provided in this Section, the Indemnified Party may defend the claim in such manner as it may deem appropriate, at the cost and expense of Sublicensee. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Sublicensee shall not be
entitled to assume control of the defense of any claim that could impose criminal liability on the Indemnified Party, and unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Indemnified Party shall have the right (but not the obligation) to defend any such
claim at the cost and expense of Sublicensee. 

ARTICLE VIII 

DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

Section 8.1 DISCLAIMER. THE RIGHTS AND SUBLICENSES GRANTED TO SUBLICENSEE AND ITS AFFILIATES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED
AS IS, AND SUBLICENSOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, VALIDITY, REGISTRABILITY, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE), AND SUBLICENSOR ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO SUBLICENSEES AND ITS
AFFILIATES USE OF THE LICENSED IP. 

Sublicense Agreement 10

Section 8.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE FOR (A) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, (B) ANY
DAMAGES THAT WERE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE AT THE TIME THIS AGREEMENT WAS ENTERED INTO, OR (C) ANY DAMAGES BASED ON LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, LOSS OF CUSTOMERS, LOSS OF REPUTATION, OR MULTIPLES OF
EXPECTED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE, IN EACH CASE EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.1 Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may not be amended, modified, or supplemented in any manner, whether by
course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each Party. 

Section 9.2 Waiver. No failure or delay of either Party in exercising any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a
waiver of that right, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce that right or power, or any course of conduct preclude any other or further exercise that right or the
exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Parties are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that the Parties would otherwise have under this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of either Party to any
such waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on behalf of that Party. 

Section 9.3 Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
(a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) on written confirmation of receipt if delivered by e-mail, (c) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered
using a next-day service by a recognized next-day courier, or (d) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the fifth Business Day following the date of mailing if
delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices under this Agreement shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the
Party to receive such notice: 

(i) if to the Sublicensor, to: 

Lennar-Millrose HOPPR, LLC 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted] 

E-mail: [redacted] 

Sublicense Agreement 11

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Lennar Corporation 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted] 

E-mail: [redacted] 

(ii) if to Sublicensee, to: 

Millrose Properties, Inc. 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted] 

E-mail: [redacted] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

[redacted] 

[redacted] 

Attention: [redacted] 

E-mail: [redacted] 

Section 9.4 Changes to Contact Information. Either Party may change its contact information for notices and other communications
under this Agreement by notice to the other Party pursuant to Section 9.3. 

Section 9.5 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements and understandings relating to such
subject matter. 

Section 9.6 Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed, and
enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflicts-of-laws provisions. Neither Party shall commence or prosecute any action, suit, or claim
arising under or by reason of this Agreement other than in the state or federal courts located in Delaware. The Parties irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts identified in the preceding sentence in connection with any
action, suit, proceeding, or claim arising under or by reason of this Agreement. 

Section 9.7 Assignment; Successors. Neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or delegated, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by a Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any
assignment or delegation without prior written consent shall be null and void; provided that this Agreement may be assigned by Sublicensor, in whole or in part, to an Affiliate or in connection with the sale of Sublicensor or its business
(whether by merger, stock sale, asset purchase, or otherwise) or the transfer or sale of any business unit, Affiliate, division, or product line (by means of a reorganization, asset sale, stock sale, merger, or otherwise) of Sublicensor to which
this Agreement relates. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

Sublicense Agreement 12

Section 9.8 Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of
the Parties and their permitted assigns, and each such Party intends that this Agreement shall not benefit, or create a right or cause of action in or on behalf of, any Person other than the Parties, Licensor, their permitted assigns, and with
respect to Article VII, the Indemnified Parties. The Parties reserve the power to modify or terminate this Agreement without the consent of the Indemnified Parties. 

Section 9.9 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in
such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Law; but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable Law in any jurisdiction, then that
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in that jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed, and enforced in that jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained in this Agreement. 

Section 9.10 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party. 

Section 9.11 Electronic Signature. This Agreement may be executed electronically (including by means of .pdf signature or digital
signature software such as DocuSign) and delivered by e-mail or other similar means of electronic transmission, and any electronic signature shall constitute an original for all purposes. 

Section 9.12 No Presumption Against Drafting Party. Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by legal counsel in
connection with this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of Law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the drafting Party has no application and is expressly waived. 

Section 9.13 Affiliates. Each Party shall cause all of its Affiliates to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Section 9.14 Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party shall take, or cause to be
taken, any and all reasonable actions, including the execution, acknowledgment, filing, and delivery of any and all documents and instruments that any other Party may reasonably request, in order to effect the intent and purpose of this Agreement.

Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows. 

Sublicense Agreement 13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly
authorized representatives on the Effective Date. 

SUBLICENSEE:

Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

SUBLICENSOR:

Lennar-Millrose HOPPR, LLC

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

Signature Page to
Sublicense Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d760441dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

MASTER PROGRAM 

AGREEMENT 

dated
February 7, 2025 

by and between 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., 

A Maryland corporation 

(Owner) 

and 

U.S. HOME, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company, 

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company, 

and 

CALATLANTIC GROUP,
LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

(collectively, Lennar) 

MASTER PROGRAM 

AGREEMENT 

This Master
Program Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 7, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (Owner), and U.S. HOME, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, Lennar), each a Party and
collectively the Parties, with reference to the following matters all of which are subject to the terms and conditions further set forth in this Agreement: 

Recitals 

A. Lennar and
its divisions, and subsidiaries (each, including, without limitation, any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of Lennar Corporation, a Lennar Party and collectively, the Lennar Parties) are in the
business of, among other activities, acquiring land through purchase and sale agreements with landowners (each a Lennar PSA) and developing residences thereon. Owner and its affiliates including Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (MPHL), and its and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (each, including Owner, an Owner Party and collectively, the Owner Parties) are in the
business of acquiring residential properties. 

B. The Lennar Parties have developed the Homesite Option Purchase Platform (the
HOPPR) and are providing its use to the Owner Parties as provided herein. In conjunction with the HOPPR, the Owner Parties will acquire residential land and related rights, contract with a
Lennar Party to complete various on-site and off-site related improvements, and grant such Lennar Party an option to acquire homesites on such land (each, a
Homesite) in accordance with a pre-determined acquisition schedule (the aforementioned transaction and related activities are hereinafter referred to as the Program). 

C. Pursuant to the Program, , Owner shall cause the Owner Parties to acquire residential properties (each, a Property and
collectively, the Properties) consisting of: (i) properties owned by a Lennar Party as of the Effective Date or acquired by a Lennar Party subsequent to the Effective Date (each, a Balance Sheet
Propertyand collectively, the Balance Sheet Properties), and (ii) properties that a Lennar Party has as of the Effective Date (or after the Effective Date obtains) the contractual right to acquire
(each, a Pipeline Property and collectively, Pipeline Properties). Admitted Properties (or individually an Admitted Property) shall mean and refer to Balance Sheet
Properties and Pipeline Properties acquired by Owner Parties for the benefit of the Lennar Parties and thus admitted to the Program in accordance with this Agreement. 

D. Lennar previously conveyed to certain Lennar subsidiaries (each, a Property Subsidiary and collectively, the
Property Subsidiaries) those Properties generally described on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, an InitialProperty and collectively, the InitialProperties). Prior to or
substantially concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, certain Lennar Parties and certain Owner Parties are executing that certain Pre-Spin Assignment, Assumption and Contribution Agreement pursuant
to which Owner will acquire from Lennar ownership of the Property Subsidiaries (the Contribution Agreement) and that certain Founders Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Founders Rights
Agreement). In connection with the Contribution Agreement, the Owner Parties have entered into certain loan documents including that certain note, dated February 6, 2025, by and between MPHL, certain subsidiaries of MPHL, and Owner (the
Note), those certain mortgages made and executed as of February 6, 2025 by certain subsidiaries of MPHL for the benefit of Owner (together, the Mortgages), and that certain pledge and security agreement made as
of February 6, 2025 by MPHL in favor of Owner (the Pledge and together with the Note and the Mortgages, the Loan Documents), pursuant to which the Initial Properties are mortgaged as collateral for the Note. For
purposes of this Agreement, MPHL and the Property Subsidiaries are Owner Parties (and not Lennar Parties). For the avoidance of doubt, each Property Subsidiary is a subsidiary of MPHL and all Initial Properties and future Properties admitted into
the Program will be acquired by either a Property Subsidiary or another subsidiary of MPHL created for the sole purpose of holding Property under the Program and performing the obligations of the Property Subsidiaries under the Program Documents
(hereinafter defined). 

-2- 

E. Subject to the terms and conditions in the Contribution Agreement, Owner shall cause the
Owner Parties to acquire the Supplemental Transferred Assets (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) and admit such Properties into the Program. 

F. In connection with the execution of the Contribution Agreement, Owner, certain Owner Parties and certain Lennar Parties will execute:
(i) a Master Option Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Option Agreement); (ii) a Master Construction Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Construction
Agreement), and (iii) an Addendum to Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit C to the Option Agreement (each, an Addendum and collectively the
Addenda) for each Initial Property. 

G. The admission of additional Properties into the Program shall be evidenced by
the execution of an Addendum for each such Property and either: (i) if the Property is a Pipeline Property, a nomination agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Option Agreement (each such nomination agreement, a
Nomination Agreement) pursuant to which the applicable Lennar Party shall assign to an Owner Party the right to acquire the Property from a third-party seller (each such seller, an Underlying Seller) at the
close of escrow under the applicable Lennar PSA; and (iv) if the Property is a Balance Sheet Property, a purchase agreement in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Option Agreement (each such purchase agreement, a Purchase
Agreement) wherein the Lennar Party that owns the Balance Sheet Property shall be the seller and the applicable Owner Party shall be the buyer. In addition, the parties will execute a multiparty cross agreement in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit D (each such agreement, a Multiparty Cross Agreement) with respect to the separate Pools, as more fully described below. 

H. The Parties acknowledge and agree that an Addendum, and, as applicable, a Nomination Agreement or Purchase Agreement (with the Option
Agreement and Construction Agreement, collectively, the Program Documents) will be prepared for each Property that is to become an Admitted Property (other than the Initial Properties). The Parties acknowledge and agree that each
Admitted Property will be added as collateral under the Loan Documents and the Parties will execute any relevant documentation required, including a Mortgage or the Pledge, as determined by Owner. In addition, all Properties shall be subject to a
Multiparty Cross Agreement. Lennar agrees that except for the Initial Properties, an Owner Party will not have to acquire a Property if such Property does not meet the Program Criteria (as defined below). Owner agrees that: (i) at all times,
Lennar in its sole discretion shall have the right to terminate a Lennar PSA or disapprove any matter or condition set forth therein; and (ii) the Lennar Party will not direct an Owner Party to acquire a Pipeline Property unless and until
Lennar has finally approved acquisition of such Pipeline Property and/or waived all conditions precedent related thereto in the applicable Lennar PSA, all as determined in Lennars sole discretion. 

-3- 

I. Each Addendum will generally grant the applicable Lennar Party the option to acquire
Homesites in multiple closings pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement (each, a Takedown) in accordance with a pre-determined acquisition schedule, and, upon the conveyance of the
relevant Admitted Property to the relevant Owner Party, such Lennar Party shall pay to the relevant Owner Party an Option Payment and, if and when applicable, the Additional Deposit (as such terms are defined on Schedule
1 attached hereto). 

J. Each Addendum will generally provide that in accordance with the Construction Agreement: (i) the
applicable Lennar Party shall be obligated to complete (or cause the completion of) the Work (as defined in the Construction Agreement); and (ii) the applicable Owner Party shall pay the Lennar Party for its actual out-of-pocket development costs in an amount not to exceed the amounts set forth in the applicable Addendum, all in accordance with the draw process (including information and
approvals required to support the draw) set forth in the Construction Agreement. 

K. Owner and Lennar now wish to execute this Agreement
to set forth the Parties intent and agreement with respect to the Program and certain terms and conditions thereof. 

AGREEMENT

Now, therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, Owner and Lennar
agree as follows, which agreement includes and incorporates the recitals set forth above: 

1. Recitals. The recitals set forth above
are true and correct and are hereby incorporated in their entirety into this Agreement. 

2. The Program. 

-4- 

(a) Pooling. Pursuant to the Multiparty Cross Agreements, Admitted Properties will be
grouped into pools (each a Pool and collectively, the Pools). Each Pool shall in all cases be structured to ensure that the Admitted Properties in such Pool and related Program Documents are not consolidated
onto any Lennar Partys balance sheet. As to any Pool, Lennars Total Payment Obligation (as defined below) for Initial Properties shall not at any time exceed Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000) (the Initial Pool Payment
Obligation Limit). For all future Admitted Properties, as to any Pool, Lennars Total Payment Obligation (as defined below) shall not at any time exceed Twenty-five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) (the Future Pool Payment
Obligation Limit, together with the Initial Pool Payment Obligation Limit, the Pool Payment Obligation Limit). In the event any Pool now or hereinafter exceeds the Pool Payment Obligation Limit, then Lennar and Owner
shall modify such Pool and the applicable Multiparty Cross Agreement as necessary to ensure the Pool does not exceed the Pool Payment Obligation Limit. For purposes of the foregoing, Total Payment Obligation refers to the
aggregate sum of all Option Payments and Additional Deposit payments Lennar has made, or is obligated to make, in connection with all Admitted Properties in a Pool. For purposes of calculating the Total Payment Obligation, Lennar shall be deemed to
have made all Additional Deposits. Subject to the Pool Payment Obligation Limit, the Pools will be established with primary consideration given to diversity within Pools across geographies, communities and home types. Lennar shall propose the
structure of each Pool (and modifications to existing Pools to ensure the Pool Payment Obligation Limit is not exceeded and/or in connection with the admission of new Properties to an existing Pool) and Owner shall be entitled to approve the Pool
structure, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. In the event of any disapproval, Owner shall specify the basis for such disapproval and what modifications are necessary to obtain Owners approval. Upon the
mutual approval of a Pool (or any modification to an existing Pool), the applicable Lennar Parties and Owner Parties shall execute a Multiparty Cross Agreement with respect to such Pool or, if applicable, an amendment to a previously executed
Multiparty Cross Agreement. 

(i) The Pools for the Initial Properties are set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, an
Initial Property Pool). Upon execution of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Multiparty Cross Agreement shall apply to each Initial Property Pool as if a separate Multiparty Cross Agreement had been executed with
respect to each such Initial Property Pool. 

(b) Term. Properties shall be admitted into the Program commencing on the Effective
Date of this Agreement until such time (if any) as Lennar and Owner mutually agree in writing that Properties will no longer be admitted to the Program (the Acquisition Period). 

(c) Termination. After the Acquisition Period, (i) no additional Properties shall be admitted into the Program; and (ii) the
Owner Parties and the Lennar Parties rights and obligations with regard to Admitted Properties shall continue to be governed according to the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Program Documents. 

-5- 

(d) Fee Builder Arrangement. In the event a Lennar Partys Option to acquire
Homesites expires or is terminated prior to such Lennar Party acquiring all of the Homesites on an Admitted Property, then within twenty (20) days of such expiration or termination, Owner shall have the right to request (a Fee Building
Request) that a Lennar Party enter into an agreement to build out homes on the unpurchased Homesites for a fee, all pursuant to a Builder Agreement in a form substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the
Fee Builder Agreement), as appropriately modified to reflect state-specific and/or deal-specific terms. Provided that Lennar is then building and selling residences in the applicable geographic market where such unpurchased
Homesites are located, Lennar shall cooperate with Owner and, upon Owners request, Lennar shall make a Lennar Party available to be engaged by an Owner Party as a fee builder of homes on the unpurchased Homesites, all on mutually acceptable
terms and conditions set forth in the Fee Builder Agreement. If Owner has delivered a Fee Building Request with respect to an Admitted Property, then for purposes of the Multiparty Cross Agreement applicable to such Property: (i) the
termination of the Option for such Admitted Property shall not be a Cross Termination Event thereunder; and (ii) the Owner Parties shall not be entitled to exercise a Cross Termination Right with respect to the
applicable Pool due to the termination of the Option for such Admitted Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, if any Owner Party has exercised the Cross Termination Right (as set forth in the
applicable Multiparty Cross Agreement) with respect to any Pool, then the Lennar Parties shall: (i) not be obligated to enter into a Fee Builder Agreement with respect to any Property in such Pool; and (ii) may terminate any Builder
Agreement previously executed with respect to such Pool. 

3. Admission of Initial Properties and Supplemental Transferred Assets.
The Initial Properties are admitted to the Program and are not subject to additional review or approval by the Parties. In connection therewith, the applicable Lennar Parties and applicable Owner Parties shall execute an Addendum with respect to
each Initial Property. In addition, upon the Owner Parties acquisition of the Supplemental Transferred Assets, the applicable Lennar Parties and applicable Owner Parties shall execute an Addendum with respect thereto. Once acquired by the
Owner Parties, the Supplemental Transferred Assets shall be deemed Initial Properties for purposes of this Agreement, the Option Agreement and the Construction Agreement (including, without limitation, for purposes of determining the Applicable
Rate). As more fully set forth therein, the Addenda supplement the terms and conditions of the Option Agreement and Construction Agreement and otherwise set forth the terms and conditions applicable to the Initial Properties. The parties acknowledge
that the Addenda for the Initial Properties (including the Supplemental Transferred Assets, if and when acquired) will, in some cases, have been prepared utilizing estimates and projections. Accordingly, upon Lennars request, Owner and the
Owner Parties agree to reasonably amend the Addenda for such Properties (including adjustments to the takedown schedule and Contract Sum); provided, however, that Owner may withhold its consent to any proposed modifications or any amendment which
otherwise will have a material adverse effect on the Owner Parties. 

4. Admission of Future Admitted Properties. In connection with
the proposed admission of future Properties, the Parties shall comply with the processes and procedures set forth in this Section 4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at all times prior to Owner Partys acquisition thereof, the Lennar
Parties shall retain the sole and absolute right to disapprove due diligence or any other contingency with respect to a Pipeline Property and/or to amend or terminate a Lennar PSA. 

(a) Requirements for Admission. In order for any Proposed Projects (as defined below) to be acquired by Owner and deemed an Admitted
Property, all of the following requirements must be satisfied (the Admission Requirements): 

(i) 

Subject to Section 4(e) below, all Proposed Projects must meet the requirements of Exhibit F
attached hereto (the Program Criteria); 

-6- 

(ii) 

The Owner Parties must, at the time of the acquisition of the Property, have sufficient Owner Available Capital
(as defined below) to pay the Owner Acquisition Price; and 

(iii) 

Lennar must provide to Owner a Proposed Project Report in satisfaction of all requirements set forth in
Section 4(d) below. 

(iv) 

Manager shall conduct a thorough independent diligence assessment for each proposed transaction utilizing its
current underwriting procedures, internal proprietary datasets and third-party market data to ensure that each Proposed Project adheres to the Program Criteria and assess the credibility of the home builders financial projections (the
KL Diligence). If, after the KL Diligence assessment, the Manager determines that the Proposed Project fails to meet the Program Criteria, the Proposed Project may still be admitted to the Program if either: 

(A) 

Manager and Owner agree on modified terms to the Program Documents with respect to such Proposed Project; or

(B) 

Manager elects to admit the Proposed Project after a committee comprised of two Owner Party senior managers
independent from the land deal team and two members from the Manager team (together, the Risk Committee) meet to determine whether the Proposed Project should be admitted to the Program, with the Manager making a final
determination on the admittance of the Proposed Project to the Program. 

Provided the Proposed Project meets all of the Admission
Requirements set forth in Section 4 herein, Owner and Lennar shall within fifteen (15) business days after the date on which such requirements have been satisfied, prepare and execute Program Documents with respect thereto, Owner shall
cause an Owner Party to acquire the Proposed Project, and, upon acquisition thereof, such Proposed Project shall be an Admitted Property.

(b) Satisfaction of All Program Criteria. Any Proposed Project must meet all the requirements of the Program Criteria, subject to the
exceptions set forth under Section 4(e) below. Lennar shall use its experience, expertise and resources (including human capital) to identify, evaluate, and determine whether any Properties identified for consideration as Proposed
Projects fulfill all of the requirements set forth in the Program Criteria (the Property Selection Services). The Project Selection Services together with the services to be performed by the Lennar Parties pursuant to the
Construction Agreement are collectively, the Lennar Services. The actions undertaken by Lennar pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be substantially similar to the actions Lennar would undertake if it were preparing to
purchase the Property itself or to the actions performed with respect to the assets transferred to Owner or its subsidiaries by the Lennar Parties (the Transferred Assets), in connection with the taxable spin-off of Owner (the Spin-Off). Lennar shall, using its own personnel and its own expense, perform the Property Selection Services, which shall include,
without limitation, (i) with respect to any Proposed Project, an analysis of a variety of macroeconomic factors, such as employment levels, interest rates, changes in stock market valuations, consumer confidence, housing demand, availability
and cost of financing for homebuyers, availability and prices of new homes compared to those of previously occupied homes, and demographic trends and (ii) with respect to each of the homebuilding markets in which any Proposed Project is
located, an analysis of the local market conditions and demographics, the specific supply and demand relationships reflective of local economic conditions, the projected absorption pace for home sales, sales prices and costs to build and deliver
homes on a community by community basis. Lennar agrees to make its employees available to consult and discuss the analysis and determinations with Owner. 

-7- 

(c) Sufficient Capital to Acquire. Owner shall cause an Owner Party to acquire
Proposed Projects meeting the Admission Requirements as long as the Lennar Parties have sufficient capital reserved for the use of the Lennar Parties for the acquisition of Proposed Projects (as Reserved Priority Amount, Reserved Deal Capital, or
otherwise) pursuant to the Lennar Parties Capital Priority Right, as set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement (all such reserved capital for purposes of this Agreement, the Lennar Reserved Capital). Owner shall at all times
be obligated to have available (or cause an Owner Party to have available) sufficient capital to finance all Proposed Projects meeting the Admission Requirements up to the then-current remaining amount of the Lennar Reserved Capital. Any failure to
have available sufficient Lennar Reserved Capital to finance a Proposed Project meeting the Admission Requirements shall result in the remedies being paid to Lennar as set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement (without limiting any remedies
that may be available to Lennar pursuant to this Agreement). In the event Lennar presents a Proposed Project meeting the Admission Requirements to Owner and the capital required to acquire such Proposed Project exceeds the remaining outstanding
Lennar Reserved Capital at the time, Owner shall consider in good faith and may agree to acquire (but is not obligated to acquire) the Proposed Project using any capital that may be available to Owner at the time. There shall be no penalty for any
rejection of a Proposed Project under the circumstances described in the immediately preceding sentence. If Owner agrees to acquire the Proposed Project(s) using any capital that may be available to Owner at the time, such amount of capital may
qualify as Restored Lost Capital Amount or as Recycled Capital Amount and be subject to the terms and conditions of Lennars Capital Priority Right as set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement. For purposes of this Section 4(c) only, any
capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Founders Rights Agreement. 

(d)
Proposed Project Reports. On and after the Effective Date, the Lennar Parties may from time to time present Owner with a proposed project report in the form described below with respect to any Properties (each such property, a
ProposedProject and collectively the ProposedProjects and each such report, a ProposedProject Report and collectively the ProposedProject
Reports). The Proposed Project Report shall include: (i) the purchase price of the Property to be paid by the applicable Owner Party (the Owner Acquisition Price), (ii) sums to be paid by the applicable Owner Party
pursuant to the Budget attached to the applicable Construction Agreement (the Contract Sum), (iii) the Option Payment to be paid to such Owner Party by the applicable Lennar Party, and (iv) the sums to be paid to the
applicable Owner Party as the Takedown Price (as defined in the Option Agreement) for the Lennar Party to acquire each Homesite under the Option Agreement; provided, however, that the Owner Acquisition Price to be paid by the applicable Owner Party
for each Balance Sheet Property shall be equal to Lennars (or its subsidiarys) book value (as confirmed in writing with email being sufficient) such that the Owner Parties acquisition of a Balance Sheet Property will not create an
accounting loss or gain for any Lennar Party or Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Parent). The Takedown Price (as defined in the Option Agreement)for Homesites shall be the allocated portion of the Owner Acquisition
Price and Contract Sum. for the applicable Property as set forth in the Proposed Project Report. 

(e) Acquisition of Properties.
During the Acquisition Period, Owner shall upon Lennars request cause an Owner Party to acquire all Proposed Projects meeting the Program Criteria (Target Properties). Properties not qualifying as a Target Property may be
admitted into the Program upon the mutual approval of Lennar and Owner. The Parties acknowledge that there may be certain Properties where all of the Program Criteria have not been satisfied in all material respects or where there are other material
unusual development risks (Material Unresolved Issues), such as, by way of example, significant discretionary permits/approvals that are not in place at the time of Owners review of the Property. In any such event, Lennar
and Owner shall have the right (but not the obligation) to admit such Properties to the Program and Owner may condition such admission on the inclusion of provision requiring Lennar to repurchase the Property if the Material Unresolved Issues are
not resolved on a timely basis, all as reasonably determined by the Owner. 

-8- 

(f) Confidentiality. Owner acknowledges and agrees that all documents, information,
and materials provided to Owner concerning the Properties and/or the Lennar Parties operations and approval processes (including, without limitation, Proposed Project Reports, purchase and sale agreements, project proformas, financial
projections, market studies, cost analysis, and other internal and third-party reports) (collectively, the Confidential Documents and Information) are proprietary and confidential. Owner agrees to treat all Confidential Documents
and Information received from the Lennar Parties pursuant to this Agreement and/or any Program Document in a confidential manner at all times, and Owner shall use diligence not to disclose any such Confidential Documents and Information to any third
parties, other than Owners directors, officers, partners, external managers and submanagers, affiliates, employees, accountants, attorneys, lenders, prospective lenders, investors, prospective investors and their investment advisors,
investment bankers, underwriters, ratings agencies, partners, consultants and other advisors in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively Representatives), but only if such disclosure is
reasonably required to allow Owner to evaluate and admit Properties for inclusion in the Program (such disclosure to be made subject to informing the recipient and having the recipient acknowledge in writing that it is subject to this
confidentiality requirement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Owner may disclose Confidential Documents and Information to the extent required by any applicable statute, law, regulation or governmental authority, judicial order, legal process or
stock exchange listing requirements or in connection with any litigation that may arise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Program Documents, and/or the Properties. Nothing shall be deemed to be a breach of the
foregoing with respect to any information already in the possession of, or already known to Owner or any of its Representatives, information in the public domain at the time of disclosure, or which, after such disclosure, enters into the public
domain through no fault of Owner, or information lawfully furnished or disclosed to the recipient party by a non-party to this Agreement without any known obligation of confidentiality. The provisions of this
Section shall survive the expiration of the Acquisition Period and/or the termination of this Agreement. 

5. Option Payment, Additional
Deposit, and Rate. 

(a) Applicable Terms. In the Option Agreement, the terms Option Payment, Additional
Deposit, Applicable Rate, Calculation Date, Maximum Rate, Minimum Rate, Pause Rate, and Person shall have the meaning given in Schedule 1 attached hereto. Each
Property shall have a separately calculated Applicable Rate and Pause Rate which shall be fixed and determined as of the Calculation Date and the Applicable Rate shall be set forth and confirmed in such Propertys Addendum. 

-9- 

6. Indemnity Procedures. With respect to each provision of the Program Documents that
requires a party to indemnify, defend and/or hold harmless another party or person, the following provisions shall apply: 

(a) Notice of
Claim. The party seeking indemnification (the Indemnified Party) shall give the other party (the Indemnifying Party) notice of any claim, demand, suit, order, judgment, lien, liability, loss, damage, injury
to person, property or natural resources, penalty, fine, cost or expense (a Claim) that is asserted against, resulting to, imposed upon or incurred by the Indemnified Party and which might give rise to liability on the part of the
Indemnifying Party pursuant to any Program Document, which notice (the Notice of Claim) shall state (to the extent known or reasonably anticipated) the nature and basis of such Claim and the amount thereof; provided that the
failure to give such Notice of Claim shall not affect the rights of the Indemnified Party hereunder except to the extent (a) that the Indemnifying Party shall have suffered actual material damage by reason of such failure, or (b) such
failure materially adversely affects the ability of the Indemnifying Party to defend, settle or compromise such Claim. 

(b) Assumption
of the Defense. If the Indemnifying Party, within ten (10) business days after receiving the Notice of Claim (or such shorter period of time as is reasonable if there is a deadline for responding to the Claim), expressly acknowledges and
assumes responsibility to defend the same (including under reservation of rights), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to undertake, by counsel of its own choosing (which counsel shall have no conflicts with the Indemnified Party), the
defense of such Claim at the Indemnifying Partys risk and expense. 

(c) Defense of Claim. If the Indemnifying Party fails
within ten (10) business days after receiving the Notice of Claim (or such shorter period of time as is reasonable if there is a deadline for responding to the Claim) to expressly acknowledge and assume responsibility for defending such Claim
as described above, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to undertake the defense, compromise or settlement of such Claim, by counsel of its own choosing, on behalf of and for the account and risk of the Indemnifying Party. If the
Indemnified Party undertakes the defense of a Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall pay to the Indemnified Party, on a current basis, in addition to the other sums required to be paid hereunder, the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the
Indemnified Party in connection with such defense, compromise or settlement as and when such costs and expenses are so incurred. 

(d)
Settlement/Compromise/Cooperation. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (a) neither Party shall, without the other Partys written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), settle or
compromise such Claim or consent to entry of any judgment which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to the Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect of such Claim in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; (b) if a party hereto undertakes defense of such Claim in accordance with this Agreement (the Defending Party), the other party shall cooperate with the
Defending Party and its counsel and representatives in connection therewith; and (c) the Defending Party shall have an obligation to keep the other parties reasonably informed of the status of the defense of such Claim and furnish the other
parties with all non-privileged documents, instruments and information that the other parties shall reasonably request in connection therewith. 

-10- 

7. Guaranty. Concurrently with the execution of the Option Agreement and Construction
Agreement, Parent shall execute a Payment and Performance Guaranty in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (Guaranty). 

8. Lennar Related Ventures; Program Transactions With Third Parties. On and after the Effective Date, Owner agrees, at Lennars
request, to provide the Program to any residential home construction or real estate development company in the United States (x) in which Lennar or any affiliates has any amount of ownership interests or (y) with which Lennar or any
affiliates has any contractual business relationship (each, a Lennar Related Venture); provided that (i) the Lennar Related Venture provides properties that meet the Program Criteria, (ii) the Lennar Related
Venture agrees to substantially similar terms as set forth in the Program and the Program Documents; provided that (A) Lennar shall not be required to provide a Guaranty with respect to any such Program transaction with a Lennar
Related Venture; (B) such Lennar Related Venture properties will not be added to any Lennar Party Pools; and (C) such Lennar Related Venture properties may not be pooled with other Lennar Parties projects, (iii) Manager (as
hereinafter defined) in its reasonable discretion determines that the Lennar Related Venture has an acceptable risk profile with respect to its creditworthiness (taking into account any proposed guarantors) such that Owner can adequately mitigate
the credit risks of entering into the proposed Program transaction with the applicable Lennar Related Venture, and (iv) the Owner Parties have sufficient capital to acquire the properties consistent with Section 4(c) hereto. If a
Lennar Related Venture wishes to enter into a Program transaction with Owner on terms materially different to the Program and the Program Documents, Manager may, in its discretion (but is under no obligation to) accept any such Program transaction,
the terms of which will be negotiated on a case by case basis between Manager and the applicable Lennar Related Venture. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if Owner enters into a Program transaction (or any other transaction) with any
Lennar Related Ventures, such transactions shall be entered into by subsidiaries of MPHL if and only if Lennar, in its sole discretion, consents to the same in writing. In no event shall properties subject to Program transactions with any Person
that is not Lennar or a Lennar Related Venture be held by MPHL or any subsidiaries of MPHL. For the avoidance of doubt, if Lennar permits certain Lennar Related Ventures to participate in the Program through MPHL or subsidiaries of MPHL, Lennar will
not be required to provide a Guaranty with respect to any such transaction with a Lennar Related Venture nor will the Lennar Related Venture be entitled to a lower Applicable Rate pursuant to any rights set forth in the Founders
Rights Agreements. 

-11- 

9. Limitation on Damages; Waiver. 

(a) Limitation of Damages. ANY PROVISION HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY NOTWITHSTANDING, THE OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES OF LENNAR AND OWNER DO
NOT CONSTITUTE THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTNERS, TRUSTEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, MEMBERS OR SHAREHOLDERS OF LENNAR AND OWNER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE CONSTITUENT SHAREHOLDERS, PARTNERS OR MEMBERS. 

(b) Waiver. Excuse or waiver of the performance by the other Party (or their affiliates) of any obligation under this Agreement shall
be effective only if evidenced by a written statement signed by the Party so excusing or waiving. No delay in exercising any right or remedy shall constitute a waiver thereof, and no waiver by Owner or Lennar of the breach of any covenant of this
Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other covenant or condition of this Agreement. 

10. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Owner. Owner hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants to
the Lennar Parties as of the Effective Date, which along with any other representations and warranties of Owner included in this Agreement, shall be deemed to be re-made upon the inclusion of each Property
into the Program: 

(a) Authority. Owner Parties have the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, acquire
Properties, and sell and convey the Homesites to Lennar as provided in this Agreement and the Program Documents. Owner Parties will have throughout the term of this Agreement the full right, power and authority to carry out their respective
obligations under this Agreement and the Program Documents. No additional approvals, authorizations or consents are required under Owner Parties formation documents for Owner Parties to enter into this Agreement and the Program Documents. This
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Owner and is enforceable in accordance with its terms against Owner, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable
principles affecting or limiting the rights of contracting parties generally. 

(b) Individual Authority. The person executing this
Agreement and all documents related thereto on behalf of Owner Parties has and will have authority to do so. 

(c) OFAC
Representation. Each Owner Party is not a foreign person as such term is defined in Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to or thereunder. No Owner Party and none of their
respective subsidiaries is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the
subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, currently, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 

11. Representations
and Warranties of Lennar. Lennar hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Owner as of the Effective Date, which, along with any other representations and warranties of Lennar included in this Agreement, shall be deemed to be re-made upon the inclusion of each Property into the Program: 

(a) Authority. Lennar has the full
right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement. Subject to the Lennar Parties customary internal approval processes (including Green Folder Approval), the Lennar Parties have full right, power and authority to acquire Admitted
Properties from the Owner Parties and the Lennar Parties will have throughout the term of this Agreement the full right, power and authority to carry out their respective obligations as provided in this Agreement and the Program Documents. No
additional approvals, authorizations or consents are required under Lennars formation documents for Lennar to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Lennar and is enforceable in
accordance with its terms against Lennar, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable principles affecting or limiting the rights of contracting parties generally. 

-12- 

(b) Individual Authority. The persons executing this Agreement and all documents
related thereto on behalf of the Lennar Parties have and will have authority to do so. 

(c) OFAC Representation. Each Lennar Party
is not a foreign person as such term is defined in Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to or thereunder. None of the Lennar Parties nor any of its subsidiaries is a Person that
is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are the subject of any Sanctions, or located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, currently, Crimea,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 

12. Commissions. Except as may be provided in any Program Documents, each Party
represents and warrants to the other that it and its related affiliates and subsidiaries have not employed (or otherwise caused to be incurred any compensation or reimbursement obligation to) any broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any Option Agreement or any Purchase Agreement pertaining to a Balance Sheet Property. Each Party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other from all liability and expense arising from any claim by any
broker, agent or finder for commissions, finders fees or similar charges, because of any act of such Party. 

13. Dispute
Resolution. 

(a) Jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that the Federal Courts of the United States sitting in the Southern
District of the State of Florida and the courts of the State of Florida sitting in Miami-Dade County (and any court to which an appeal therefrom may be taken) (Courts), for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all legal actions arising out of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, the Parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts and agree that the venue for any action related to
this Agreement shall be in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Any Party may file a complaint with the Courts, and in no other court. 

(b)
Ancillary Remedies. Other than the express limitations on remedies set forth in this Agreement (including without limitation Section (c) hereof), nothing set forth herein shall preclude a party from seeking any ancillary judicial
remedies (including filing a lis pendens or seeking specific performance if and when permitted by the express terms of this Agreement) from a court of competent jurisdiction without a jury. 

-13- 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OWNER
AND LENNAR EACH HEREBY VOLUNTARILY, KNOWINGLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) BETWEEN LENNAR AND OWNER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LENNAR AND OWNER. 

14. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Notices. No notice, consent, approval or other communication provided for herein or given in connection herewith shall be validly
given, made, delivered or served unless it is in writing and delivered personally, sent by overnight courier, or sent by email transmission (with an additional copy the next business day pursuant to any other method herein), to: 

Owner: 

Millrose Properties, Inc.

c/o Kennedy Lewis
Land and

Residential Advisors, LLC

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

Lennar at: 

U.S. HOME, LLC, Lennar

Homes Holdings, LLC,
and

CalAtlantic Group, LLC

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email:
[redacted]

With copies to: 

Deverich & Gillman LLP

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

or to such other addresses as any Party hereto may from time to time designate in writing and deliver in a like manner to the
other Party and Escrow Agent. Notices, consents, approvals, and communications shall be deemed given and received upon the earlier of delivery to the respective addresses set forth above, if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier, or upon
direct email transmission to the email addresses set forth above with receipt of such transmission prior to 6 P.M., California time. 

(b)
Interpretation. The captions of the Sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not govern or influence the interpretation hereof. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between the Parties and, accordingly, shall not
be construed for or against either Party regardless of which Party drafted this Agreement or any portion thereof. 

-14- 

(c) Successors and Assigns. All of the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the personal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns of Owner and Lennar. Lennar and Owner shall not have the right to assign, pledge, hypothecate, or encumber their respective interest hereunder without the prior
written consent of the other Party, and any such assignment without consent shall be void ab initio. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Lennar may assign its rights and obligations hereunder without Owners consent to any
of the following (an Internal Transferee): (i) any other Lennar Party including, without limitation, any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of Lennar Corporation, or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, and/or sale of all or substantially all of any Lennar Parties assets provided that Lennar shall promptly notify Owner of any such assignment. 

(d) No Partnership, Third Person. The Parties do not intend and nothing contained in this Agreement shall, create any partnership,
joint venture or other arrangement between Owner and Lennar. In no event shall Lennar be deemed to be an agent or representative of Owner and in no event shall Owner be deemed to be an agent or representative of Lennar. Except as expressly stated
otherwise herein, no term or provision of this Agreement is intended to (or shall) be for the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a Party hereto (including, without limitation, any broker), and no such Party shall have any
right or cause of action hereunder. 

(e) Entire Agreement. The Recitals of this Agreement shall be deemed to be part of this
Agreement for all purposes. This Agreement, including the Recitals, and the documents and instruments expressly contemplated herein to be executed in connection herewith, constitute the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject
matter hereof. All prior agreements, representations and understandings of the parties, oral or written, are hereby superseded and merged herein. No change or addition is to be made to this Agreement except by a written agreement executed by all of
the parties. 

(f) Incorporation of Exhibits. All exhibits and schedules attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein by this
reference. 

(g) Date of Performance. If the date of performance of any obligation or the last day of any time period provided for
herein should fall on a day that is not a business day, then the obligation shall be due and owing, and the time period shall expire, on the first business day thereafter. Business days shall mean all days except Saturdays, Sundays and legal
holidays on which banks in New York and/or Florida are not open for business. Except as may otherwise be set forth herein, any performance provided for herein shall be timely made if completed no later than 5:00 p.m., California Time, on the day
performance is due. 

(h) Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of this Agreement. 

(i) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Florida,
without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. 

(j) No Third-Party Beneficiary. Lennars covenants set forth in this
Agreement are solely for the benefit of Owner and shall be enforceable by no other person or entity. 

(k) Counterparts. This
Agreement shall be executed simultaneously or in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The parties may also deliver executed copies of this Agreement to each
other by electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and
validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. No party may raise the use of any image transmission device or method or the fact that any signature was transmitted as an image as a defense to the enforcement of this Agreement. 

-15- 

(l) Further Cooperation. Owner and Lennar agree to cooperate in good faith to take
such actions and execute and deliver any other additional documents and instruments as, in their mutual and reasonable opinions, are reasonably necessary in order to carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement. If any consents or approvals by
a Party hereto are reasonably requested, the Party whose consent or approval is sought shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent or approval. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration of the Acquisition Period
and/or the termination of this Agreement. 

15. Conflict In Terms. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement
and the terms of any Program Documents, the terms of the Program Documents shall be controlling. In the event of any conflict between the terms of (a) this Agreement and/or the Program Documents, and (b) the Founders Rights Agreement, the
terms of the Founders Rights Agreement shall be controlling. 

16. Default; Notice and Cure. No Party shall be in default of
(or breach under) this Agreement unless it fails to perform in any material respects any of its obligations hereunder and such failure continues for a period of at least thirty (30) days after the delivery of written notice thereof by the other
Party. Nothing herein shall limit any partys rights and remedies under the Contribution Agreement, Founders Rights Agreement and/or Program Documents. All such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

(SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE) 

-16- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement as of the date first
set forth above. 

LENNAR:

U.S. HOME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

CalAtlantic Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

OWNER:

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

SCHEDULE 1 

Additional Definitions and Agreement Terms 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following additional definitions and provisions shall apply. 

For the Initial Properties (including the Supplemental Transferred Assets), the Applicable Rate means and refers to the
fixed rate of eight and one-half percent (8.5%) per annum, calculated based upon a 360 day year. For future Properties admitted into the Program that are not Initial Properties, the Applicable Rate
means and refers to a rate that will be determined and fixed for each Property on the Calculation Date (as defined below), that is equal to the sum of (a) the Risk Spread, (b) a spread of 4.00% and (c) the Rating Adjustment; provided, however, that
if the Applicable Rate calculated as described above for future Properties shall not exceed the Maximum Rate and shall not be less than the Minimum Rate. If any index used in determining the Applicable Rate is no longer applicable or available, the
parties agree to cooperate and act reasonably in selecting a replacement index. 

Once determined, the Applicable Rate for future
Properties shall be subject to further adjustment as provided in the Founders Rights Agreement. 

Additional
Deposit shall have the meaning set forth in the Option Agreement. 

Calculation Date refers to the first
business day of each calendar month. On each Calculation Date, Owner shall determine the Applicable Rate and such Applicable Rate shall apply to all Properties acquired by the Owner Parties in such calendar month. 

Maximum Rate is 10%. 

Minimum Rate is 7%. 

Option Payment is in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the sum of (i) the acquisition price to be paid by the
Owner Party for the Property (i.e., the Property Acquisition Cost set forth in the applicable Option Agreement), and (ii) the development costs reflected as the Contract Sum in the Construction Agreement. 

Pause Rate means and refers to the fixed rate equal to 50% of the Applicable Rate for the applicable Property. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Rating Adjustment means (i) 0% if
Parents credit rating is equal to Baa1, Baa2 or Baa3 by Moodys Investor Services, Inc. (Moodys), BBB+, BBB or BBB- by S&P Global Ratings (S&P) or BBB+, BBB or BBB- by Fitch Ratings, Inc.
(Fitch) for a minimum of two out of three of Moodys, S&P and Fitch (collectively, the Rating Agencies), (ii) a decrease of 0.5% if Parents credit rating is upgraded to A3 by Moodys, A- by S&P or A-
by Fitch by a minimum of two out of three Rating Agencies, with such Rating Adjustment to be further decreased by 0.25% for each incremental upgrade above A3 or A-, as applicable, by a minimum of two out of three Rating Agencies or (iii) an increase
of 1.0% if Parents credit rating is downgraded to Ba1 by Moodys, BB by S&P or BB by Fitch by a minimum of two out of three Rating Agencies, with such Rating Adjustment to be further increased by 0.25% for each incremental downgrade
below Ba1 or BB, as applicable, by a minimum of two out of three Rating Agencies. 

Risk Spread means the Bloomberg US
Composite BBB BVAL Yield Curve 3-year Index rate available on Bloomberg Screen BVABDB03 (or any successor page) at approximately 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on the business day immediately preceding the Calculation Date for the applicable
Property. 

EXHIBIT A 

LIST OF INITIAL PROPERTIES AND POOLS 

EXHIBIT A 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT B 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF MASTER CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT C 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF MULTIPARTY CROSS AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT D 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM FEE BUILDER AGREEMENT 

FEE BUILDER AGREEMENT

THIS FEE BUILDER AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made as of February 7, 2025 (Agreement Date), by and between
[Lennar entity], a [Contractors License No. ] (Builder) and [Owner entity], a
(Owner). 

R E C I T A L S 

A. As part of a HOPPR program transaction with Builder (Program Transaction), Owner is the owner of the Land
which designed for development into approximately [] Residences and other improvements constituting the Project. 

B. Builder is experienced in the design, planning, development, construction, marketing and sale of residential projects similar to the
Project. 

C. Owner desires to hire Builder to develop the Project, construct and market the Residences and assume the responsibility
of interfacing with homebuyers and performing warranty repairs of the Residences, all as more particularly described below. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

1.1 Applicable Law. Applicable Law shall mean the laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances or
restrictions applicable to the various obligations Builder has agreed to perform under this Agreement. 

Applicable Market.
Applicable Market shall mean the residential market in the same geographic area as the Land in which Builder builds and sells residential projects for its own account. 

Budget Information. Budget Information shall mean Builders then current budgeting and cost information for the
construction of the Residences, all as reflected in Builders internal cost accounting system, including the monthly Sales and Marketing Fee and monthly Overhead Fee. As various costs change, Builder may update the Budget Information from time
to time. Builder makes no representation regarding the Budget Information and Owner shall bear the risk that the actual costs and expenses exceed the estimated/budgeted costs. 

Builder Improvements. Builder Improvements shall mean those improvements described on Exhibit A
attached hereto, including Residences and other improvements both on or off the Land, as the case may be, to be constructed or installed by Builder under this Agreement in accordance with approved plans, permits and Applicable Law. Under no
circumstances shall Builder Improvements include remediation of any Hazardous Materials. 

Builder Representatives. Builder
Representatives shall mean Builders Contractors and Consultants, and each of their respective employees and agents. 

Construction Work. Construction Work shall mean all work performed by or on behalf of Builder to construct or
install the Builder Improvements. All such Construction Work shall be performed in substantial accordance with plans approved by the public agency with jurisdiction and Applicable Law. 

Consultant. Consultant shall mean a person or entity that has a direct contract with Builder to perform
architectural, design, engineering, entitlement or other consulting services for the Project. 

Contractor. Contractor shall mean a person or entity (other than a
Consultant but including other subcontractors) that has a direct contract with Builder to perform any of the Work (including providing any labor, materials, equipment, supplies and services of any nature) for the Project. 

Customer/Warranty Work. Customer/Warranty Work shall mean Builders performance of the Customer Service and
Warranty Service consistent with what Builder does for residential projects for its own account, all as determined by Builder in its sole discretion. 

Customer Service. Customer Service shall mean the post-sale services provided by Builder under Section 8.1 of
this Agreement. 

Hazardous Materials. Hazardous Materials shall mean all materials or substances which are
regulated by, or which may form the basis of liability under, any environmental law, including without limitation all substances identified under any environmental law as a pollutant, contaminant, hazardous waste, hazardous constituent, special
waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material or toxic substance, or petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or waste. 

HOA.
HOA shall mean a homeowners association for some or all of the Residences and Project common area, if applicable. 

Homebuyer Warranty. Homebuyer Warranty shall mean the written warranty, if any, provided by Builder to homebuyers of
Residences. 

Land. Land shall mean that certain real property more particularly described on Exhibit
B attached hereto. 

Management Fee. Management Fee shall mean the fee payable to Builder by
Owner in accordance with Section 9.2 below. 

Marketing and Sales Work. Marketing and Sales
Work shall mean the work consistent with what Builder does for residential projects for its own account to design, furnish and operate the Residence models and Sales Office, and otherwise market and sell Residences within the Project. 

Master Option Agreement. Master Option Agreement refers to that certain Master Option Agreement dated as of February
7, 2025, by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC., a Delaware limited liability company and U.S. Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Overhead Fee. Overhead
Fee shall mean the monthly amount Owner pays to Builder for Builders division and corporate overhead with respect to the Project.1

Owner Indemnitees. Owner Indemnitees shall mean Owner, its shareholders, partners, members, officers, directors, and
employees. 

Owner Development Documents. Owner Development Documents collectively, and each individually an
Owner Development Document refers to any documents, instruments, agreements, consents, approvals, applications, maps, plats, plans, easements, conveyances, dedications and requests related to the Work, approved by Builder, and
required to be provided or executed by the fee title owner of the Property. 

Project. Project shall mean the
residential development intended to be constructed on the Land as described in Recital A, including the Residences and other Builder Improvements to be constructed by Builder as contemplated in this Agreement. 

1 

The monthly Overhead Fee will be calculated by taking the nominal dollars for such cost categories (including
corporate overhead charges and G&A divisional burden) in Builders original project underwriting and dividing such amount by the original duration. 

Exhibit E - 2

Project Budget. Project Budget shall mean the budget for
Builders construction, marketing, sale and after-sale customer service and warranty service for the Project, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit C hereto, as such budget may hereinafter be updated or amended.2

Project Engineer. Project Engineer refers to
[ ]. 

Reimbursable Costs. Reimbursable Costs shall
mean those costs and expenses incurred by Builder in performing the Work as more particularly described on Exhibit D attached hereto. 

Residence. Residence shall mean one or more of the following types of residential improvement planned for the Land:

(a) If a condominium plan or condominium plans has been filed of record against all or a portion of the Land, Residence
shall mean an estate in real property as defined in [state specific provision(s) to be added] or any similar statute hereinafter enacted consisting of an undivided interest in all or a portion of the Land together with, where applicable, a separate
interest in space in a condominium unit, as shown on such plan(s); or 

(b) For portions of the Land not subject to a condominium
plan or plans, Residence shall mean and refer to a residential lot together with the single-family dwelling unit constructed thereon; or 

(c) Residence shall also mean and refer to an individual interest in a stock cooperative or in a community apartment
project. 

Sales and Marketing Fee. Sales and Marketing Fee shall mean a fee payable to Builder for
Builders efforts to market and sell the Residences to members of the homebuying public.3

Sales Price. Sales Price shall mean the gross revenue charged by Builder for the sale of a Residence to a homebuyer,
which amount is subject to Owners commercially reasonable approval. 

Sales Terms. Sales Terms shall have
the meaning set forth in Section below. 

State. State shall mean the state in which the
Land is located. 

Warranty Service. Warranty Service shall mean the provided by Builder to Residence owners
under Section of this Agreement. 

Work. Work shall mean the Construction Work, the
Marketing and Sales Work and the Customer/Warranty Work. 

ARTICLE II 

Land 

2.1 Land. This Agreement sets forth the rights and obligations of Owner and Builder concerning the Land, the construction of the
Builder Improvements, and the marketing, sale and post-sale servicing of the Residences. [Modify as necessary to describe and clarify any mapping/condo issues] 

2 

Model construction and operating costs will be in included in the Project Budget as Reimbursable Costs and not
included in the calculation of the Sales and Marketing Fee. 

3 

The monthly Marketing Fee will be calculated by taking the nominal dollars for sales and marketing cost
categories in Builders original project underwriting (excluding model costs) and dividing such amount by the original duration. 

Exhibit E - 3

ARTICLE III 

Engagement; Performance of Work 

3.1 Engagement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Owner hereby engages Builder, and Builder
accepts such engagement and agrees to use Builders commercially reasonable efforts, to: (a) construct the Builder 

Improvements pursuant to
plans approved by the governmental agency with jurisdiction, (b) market and sell the Residences, (c) perform the Customer Service Work, (d) perform the Warranty Work and (e) perform additional obligations that Owner requests
Builder to perform and Builder agrees in its sole discretion to perform, as documented by a written amendment to this Agreement executed by Owner and Builder. 

3.2 Permits and Licenses. 

(a) General Contractors License. Builder acknowledges that Builder will act as Owners general contractor for purposes
of constructing the Builder Improvements. Builders general contractors license, if applicable, is set forth after Builders name in the first paragraph of this Agreement. [additional State specific provisions and requirements to be
added, if any] Builder agrees to maintain such general contractors license in full force and effect and in good standing during the entire term of this Agreement. In addition, all Contractors are required by California law to be licensed and
are regulated by the Contractors State License Board. 

(b) Real Estate Brokers License. Builder acknowledges that
Builder will act as Owners broker for purposes of marketing and selling the Residences as contemplated in this Agreement. If applicable, Builders State real estate brokers license is set forth beneath Builders signature on
the last page of the body of this Agreement. [applicable additional State specific provisions and requirements to be added, if any] Builder agrees to maintain such State real estate brokers license in full force and effect and in good standing
during the entire term of this Agreement. In addition, to the extent required by the State, all real estate sales personnel working for Builder must be properly licensed in the State and supervised. 

(c) General Business License. Builder agrees to maintain such other general business licenses as may be required to perform the
Work in full force and effect and in good standing during the entire term of this Agreement. 

(d) Licensing. The parties
acknowledge that Work and services to be provided and/or performed under this Agreement may be subject to state and federal licensing laws and requirements including without limitation those applicable to contractors, brokers, and/or sales agents
(the Licensing Requirements). Any and all such Work or services requiring a license shall be deemed Licensed Work. Applicable Licensed Party shall mean Builder or, where applicable, an
affiliate of Builder, holding the requisite license or licenses in the State in which the Project is located. All Licensed Work shall be performed (or caused to be performed) by the Applicable Licensed Party. Only the Applicable Licensed Party shall
be obligated to perform the applicable License Work. All references in this Agreement or the documents executed in connection herewith permitting or requiring the performance of Licensed Work shall be interpreted as requiring such Licensed Work to
be performed only by the Applicable Licensed Party (and not any other party). The parties agree to execute such additional assurances, documents or confirmations, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such party, as are required for
Owner, Builder, any other Applicable Licensed Party to comply with the Licensing Requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Builder is unable to secure a necessary license because Builder is not the Owner of the land or for any reason beyond
Builders direct control, then the parties shall cooperate to seek an alternative at no cost to Builder. Builder shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement if it is unable to obtain a necessary license and the parties cannot find such an
alternative. The terms and conditions of this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes. 

ARTICLE IV 

Condition of the Land/Accept Land AS IS 

4.1 Condition of Land; No Representations by Owner. 

(a) Condition of Land. Builder is familiar with the condition of the Land and has made or will make such independent
investigations as Builder deems necessary or appropriate concerning the condition of the Land and the development, construction, marketing and sale of Residences and Applicable Law. 

(b) No Owner Representations. Builder is relying and will rely solely upon its own inspection, investigation, analyses and
knowledge of the condition of the Land and is not relying in any way upon any representations, statements, agreements, warranties, studies, reports, descriptions, guidelines or other information or material furnished by Owner, whether oral or
written, express or implied, of any nature whatsoever regarding any such matters. 

4.2 Accept Land AS IS. At the
time that Builder commences any Construction Work on the Land, Builder accepts the Land in as-is, where is condition, with all defects, whether latent or patent. Builder acknowledges that Owner has
not made any representation or warranty with respect to the condition of the Land or its suitability for the Construction Work. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Builder hereby waives, releases and discharges Owner and the other Owner
Indemnitees from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, actions, liens, losses, causes of action, demands, penalties, costs or expenses arising from, related to, or in connection with the condition of the Land, including without limitation any
defects therein, latent or patent. 

Exhibit E - 4

Builder understands that it may later discover facts in addition to or different from the facts it now believes to be true and that it may later discover claims it does not now suspect. The
parties intend for this release to operate as a final and irrevocable release of all of Builders claims, if any, related to the condition of the Land and accordingly agree that this release may not be terminated or rescinded because of any
later discovery by Builder of different or additional facts or any unknown or unsuspected past claim. [add state specific waivers, if any] 

4.3 Specific Disclosures by Owner. Specific disclosures about the Land, if any, are set forth on Exhibit E
attached hereto. 

4.4 Builders Disclosures to Homebuyers. Builder agrees to cause disclosure of all matters concerning
the Land, Project and Residences that Builder determines are necessary or desirable in the Final Subdivision Public Reports [state specific provision(s) to be added] for the Project obtained by Builder or such other disclosure forms as
may be permitted or required by law. In addition, Builder shall cause each Homebuyer to sign, prior to the execution of a purchase agreement for a Residence, a disclosure notice for such matters, if any, as may be requested by Owner from time to
time, and in such form provided to Builder by Owner from time to time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Builder acknowledges and agrees that Builder shall be solely responsible for providing all disclosures and information
to the Homebuyers required by Applicable Law. 

ARTICLE V 

Residence Product Type 

5.1 Product Type. Generally, the specifications for Residences shall conform to Builders existing product types/offerings
for the Land, including when applicable the everything included and/or next gen offerings. Any changes proposed by Owner to the pre-existing product type or spec levels for Residences
shall be subject to Builders approval; provided that if the changes proposed by Owner are consistent with other residence product types Builder constructs in the Applicable Market, Builders approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
Owner shall pay all costs and expenses arising from any such Owner initiated changes (e.g., costs of modifying architectural plans). 

ARTICLE VI 

Construction
Process 

6.1 In General. Builder may select all of its suppliers, Contractors, and consultants it deems necessary or
desirable to perform the Construction Work. Builder shall engage in bidding and contracting with such suppliers, Contractors and consultants consistent with its standard bidding and contracting practices for residences it constructs for its own
account. 

6.2 Construction in Phases. Builder shall construct the Residences in phases consistent with its customary practice
in the Applicable Market, taking into account the specific construction logistics applicable to the Land including any applicable requirements of all governing and regulatory agencies with jurisdiction (each a Phase) [Add
State specific references, as applicable]. Builder shall also build other Builder Improvements when and as Builder would build them in a residential project similar to the Project that Builder builds for its own account. 

6.3 Project Schedule. Builder shall provide a proposed schedule for construction of Builder Improvements and marketing and sale
of the Residences for Owners reasonable approval. If Owner objects to Builders proposed schedule, Owner shall provide an alternate schedule for Builders reasonable approval. The parties shall continue to exchange proposed schedules
until there is a mutually approved schedule (the Approved Schedule). Builder makes no representation regarding the timelines and deadlines in the Approved Schedule. Owner shall bear the risk of Project delays and Builder shall
have no liability with respect thereto. Upon either parties request, the Approved Schedule may be further updated, subject to the other parties reasonable approval. 

6.4 Project Budget Updates. From time to time, Builder may update the Budget Information and/or Project Budget as actual costs
are incurred or projected. From time to time, Owner may request that Builder provide updated Budget Information and/or an updated Project Budget. Builder makes no representation regarding the Budget Information and/or Project Budget and Owner shall
bear the risk that the actual costs and expenses exceed the estimated/budgeted costs. 

6.5 No Liens. Builder shall indemnify,
defend and hold harmless each of the Owner Indemnitees from and against mechanics liens or claims served on Owner or recorded against the Land that arise out of performance of the Construction Work by Builder or the Builders
Representatives. Builder shall pay or cause to be paid all of such liens or claims before any action is brought to enforce the same against the Land but, except to the extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Builder or
Builders Representatives or any breach by Builder of its obligations, representations or 

Exhibit E - 5

warranties under this Agreement, the cost of resolving such liens or claims shall be a Reimbursable Cost. However, Builder shall pay, not as a Reimbursable Cost any such lien or claim arising out
of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Builder or Builder Representatives or any breach by Builder of its obligations, representations or warranties under this Agreement. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Builder in good faith
contests the validity of such lien or claim for which Builder must pay without reimbursement, then Builder may contest same so long as Builder shall, at its expense, and not as a Reimbursable Cost, (i) procure and record or furnish to Owner a
surety bond or other acceptable security satisfactory to Owner in an amount at least equal to such contested lien or claim indemnifying the Owner Indemnitees against liability for the same, and holding the Land free from the effect of any lien,
claim or demand and (ii) defend the Owner Indemnitees and the Land against the same and pay and satisfy any adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof against any Owner Indemnitee or the Land, all of which
shall be paid by Builder and not as a Reimbursable Cost. 

6.6 Owner Cooperation. Within five (5) business days of the
written request of Builder, Owner will cooperate with Builder and expeditiously execute and deliver (and where applicable acknowledge) all Owner Development Documents. 

6.7 Force Majeure. If the Work is prevented or delayed by reason of acts of God, casualty, insurrection, strikes, war, terrorism,
lockouts, pandemic, supply chain delays, governmental order (including health orders), labor disputes, governmental delay, pandemic, adverse weather conditions or any other causes, acts, or occurrences beyond Builders control (any of the
foregoing being a Force Majeure Event), then in any such event Builders performance shall be excused for the period of the Force Majeure Event and Builder shall be permitted to extend the applicable time(s) for performance
and extend any impacted timelines/deadlines in the Approved Schedule. 

ARTICLE VII 

Marketing and Sale of Residences 

7.1 Marketing of Residences. Builder shall provide marketing services for the Residences consistent with its marketing practices
for homes constructed for its own account in the Applicable Market. Marketing services shall include, as determined by Builder in its discretion, maintaining a model home complex and sales office and a marketing and merchandising program for the
sale of the Residences. 

7.2 Sale of Residences. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law and any applicable
Licensing Requirements, Builder (rather than Owner) will contract with all homebuyers for the sale of Residences. Within five (5) business days of Builders request, Owner will transfer to Builder any and all Residence and common area lots
on the Land necessary or convenient to facilitate Builders sale of Residences and/or the construction of other Builder Improvements, if any. In connection with any such conveyances, Owner shall be entitled to reserve easements and other
similar rights for the benefit of any portion of the Land still owned by Owner. For avoidance of doubt, the provisions and obligations under this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

7.3 Sales Terms. Owner shall be entitled to determine, in its commercially reasonable discretion, the Sales Price and any related
incentives offered to homebuyers (Sales Terms). Upon Builders request from time to time, Owner shall provide Builder with the pre-approved Sales Terms. Upon receipt thereof, Builder
shall be authorized to enter into homebuyer contracts utilizing such approved Sales Terms. 

7.4 Closing of Residence Sales.
Builder shall have the right to close Residence sales through CalAtlantic/Lennar Title or another title company designated by Builder and approved by Owner, which approval shall not be withheld unless the services and cost of such other title
company are materially less favorable than national escrow/title company competitors. In connection therewith, Builder and Owner will deliver joint escrow instructions to the escrow holder, pursuant to which in connection with all homebuyer
Residence closings: (a) Builder will receive payment of Reimbursable Costs, Management Fee, Sales and Marketing Fee, Overhead Fee, and other amounts payable by Owner to Builder and (b) Owner will receive the remaining net proceeds of such
sale. The foregoing escrow payments may, in some cases, be made on an estimated basis and in any event are subject to true-up as provided below. 

7.5 Sales and Expense Reports. Commencing the first Residence sale and, thereafter, on a quarterly basis until all Residences are
sold, Builder shall prepare and deliver to Owner a final sales and expense report for all Residences sold prior to such reporting date, including the cumulative total of all Reimbursable Costs and other amounts payable by Owner. Within ten
(10) business days after Builders delivery of such report to Owner, Owner or Builder (as applicable) shall make the payment necessary to true-up Owners cumulative payments made to Builder to
the actual amounts Owner then owes to Builder. 

Exhibit E - 6

ARTICLE VIII 

Customer Service and Warranty Service 

Builder shall perform the Customer Service and Warranty Service described below for the Project. 

8.1 Customer Service. Builder shall coordinate with the Contractors to respond to post-sale requests by Residence homebuyers for
customer service during the 1-year fit and finish period described in []. (Customer Service). [state
or project specific provision(s) to be added]

8.2 Warranty Service. Builder shall coordinate with the Contractors to
respond to requests for warranty repairs by Residence owners under any Homebuyer Warranty (Warranty Service). 

8.3 Service Program. Builder shall perform such Customer Service and Warranty Service consistent with the respective services it
provides for residential projects it builds and sells for its own account in the Applicable Market including without limitation: (a) accepting telephone calls and electronic or written correspondence from homebuyers regarding requests for
Customer Service and/or Warranty Service and (b) having a customer service representative respond timely to such communications. 

ARTICLE IX 

Compensation to
Builder 

9.1 Construction at Cost. Owner shall pay Builder the costs and expenses incurred by Builder to construct the
Builder Improvements, subject to certain deemed cost allocations further described below (each a Reimbursable Cost and collectively the Reimbursable Costs); provided, however, that Reimbursable Costs will not
include: (a) costs which are in the original site development budget for the Program Transaction and/or (b) costs arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Builder or the Builder Representatives. 

9.2 Payment of Fees. In consideration of Builders performance of this Agreement, Owner shall pay Builder the following fees
(Fees). 

(a) Management Fee. A construction management fee in an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of
Reimbursable Costs (excluding the Overhead Fee and Sales and Marketing Fee) which amount shall be payable monthly (the Management Fee). 

(b) Sales and Marketing Fee. A sales and marketing fee (Sales and Marketing Fee) for Builders Marketing
and Sales Work. 

(c) Overhead Fee. An overhead fee (Overhead Fee) for Builders division and
corporate overhead with respect to the Project. 

9.3 Payment Monthly. Owner shall pay Builder the Reimbursable Costs, the
Management Fee, the Sales and Marketing Fee and the Overhead Fee on a monthly basis (each, a Monthly Payment and collectively, the Monthly Payments) within five (5) business days after Builders
submission to Owner of a customary application for payment accompanied by customary lien releases from major Contractors which performed the Construction Work covered by Builders application for payment request. 

9.4 Land Carrying Costs. Owner shall pay for all carrying costs and expenses (such as property taxes) related to owning the Land
and, if paid by Builder, such amounts shall be reimbursed by Owner as a Reimbursable Cost. 

ARTICLE X 

Insurance and Indemnity 

10.1 Insurance. Builder will insure Owner (as an additional insured) and the Project under its then-current general liability
insurance and builders risk insurance program for the State in which the Land is located, if any. Owner acknowledges that Builders insurance program may change from time to time and that Builders obligation under this Agreement is
to provide the same general liability and builders risk insurance coverage to the Project as Builder customarily provides to other residential projects in the Applicable Market that that Builder develops and sells for its own account, if any.

Exhibit E - 7

10.2 Indemnity. Builder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the
Owner Indemnitees from and against third party claims, costs, expenses and liabilities (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims) arising from Builders construction and sale of a Residence or
Builders default under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Builders indemnity obligations under this Section shall not apply to a Claim to the extent arising from a material default under this Agreement by Owner and/or the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Owner Indemnitee. The obligations of Builder under this Section create an independent duty on the part of Builder to defend at Builders expense by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Owner and to
indemnify Owner and the other Owner Indemnitees as provided above. 

ARTICLE XI 

Right to Terminate 

11.1 Termination by Owner. Owner shall have the right, upon thirty (30) days notice to Builder, to terminate work on
Builder Improvements for convenience (an Owner Termination). In any such event, Builder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to complete the construction and/or sale of any and all Residences in any Phase in which
construction has previously commenced along with the construction of other Builder Improvements necessary to sell such Residences and/or the right to remove any partially constructed Residences. Owner shall pay all Reimbursable Costs for those
Builder Improvements so completed by Builder. However, upon receipt of an Owner Termination notice, Builder shall not commence vertical construction of Residences in any new Phase in which construction has not previously commenced. 

11.2 Termination by Builder. In the event of an Owner material default (after expiration of notice and cure period) or the
occurrence of an Impasse (as defined below) or the occurrence of a Dispute or Conveyance Default under the Master Option Agreement, Builder shall have the right to terminate this Agreement (a Builder
Termination), in which case Builder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to complete the construction and/or sale of any and all Residences in any Phase in which construction has previously commenced along with the construction of
other Builder Improvements necessary to sell such Residences and/or the right to remove any partially constructed Residences. 

11.3 Impasse. Owner acknowledges and agrees that Builder shall have sole discretion as to the manner and standards of performing
the Work including, without limitation all matters related to construction of the Residences (the Construction Methods and Standards). In the event of any material disagreement under this Agreement, including without limitation
regarding the Construction Methods and Standards, then Builder shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to declare an impasse (an Impasse). Builder may stop all Work during the pendency of any such Impasse. Builder and Owner
shall meet and confer in good faith concerning any such Impasse. If the Impasse is not resolved to Builders satisfaction (in its sole discretion) within ten (10) business days, then thereafter Builder may, upon written notice to Owner
cause a Builder Termination. 

11.4 Owners Continuing Payments. In the event of an Owner Termination or Builder
Termination, Owner shall (a) continue to pay Builder for all Reimbursable Costs and the Management Fee; (b) reimburse Builder, as part of the Reimbursable Costs, for all costs related to such termination including any demobilization costs,
subcontractor termination fees or penalties, and the costs of unused materials; and (c) continue to pay Builder the Reimbursable Costs and Management Fee for the period through and including the sale of all Production Homes for which framing
has commenced, all calculated based upon the most recent sales value for Homebuyer Closings. In addition, Owner shall replace all bonds previously posted by Builder in connection with the undeveloped lots and Builder shall have the right to
specifically enforce Owners surviving obligations under this Agreement (including the obligation to convey Residences to Builder as contemplated herein). 

ARTICLE XII 

Default and
Remedies 

12.1 Default. The occurrence of any of the shall be a material default hereunder: 

(a) For any amount owing and unpaid hereunder by one party to another, the failure to pay such amount within ten (10) days after
written notice from the party due such payment. 

(b) For a failure by either party to perform any other act required hereby or to
refrain from performing an act prohibited hereby if the failing party does not cure such failure within thirty (30) days after written notice from the other party. 

Exhibit E - 8

(c) A party admits in writing its inability to pay its debts when due, or shall make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or shall apply for or consent to the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer for it, or for all or any substantial part of its property; or such party shall institute (by petition,
application, answer, consent or otherwise) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debts, dissolution, liquidation, or similar proceedings relating to it, or under the laws of any jurisdiction; or 

(d) A receiver, trustee or similar officer shall be appointed for a party or for all or any substantial part of its property without the
application or consent of the other party, and such appointment shall continue undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days; or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangements, readjustment of debt, dissolution, liquidation or similar
proceedings shall be instituted (by petition, application or otherwise) against such party and shall remain undismissed for a period of forty-five (45) days. 

12.2 Remedies. In the event of a material default hereunder by one party, the other party shall have the following remedies: 

(a) Bring an action for damages for breach of contract; or 

(b) (b) Pursue any other legal remedy under this Agreement or as may be allowed at law or in equity; provided, however, that (i) each
party hereby expressly waives the right to seek or recover any indirect, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages under (or in connection with) this Agreement; and (ii) the foregoing limitation on the recovery of damages shall not limit
any Partys rights or remedies under the other agreements between the parties. 

ARTICLE XIII 

Miscellaneous Provisions 

13.1 Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally or in
writing, except that any term of this Agreement may be amended by a writing signed by the parties, and the observance of any such term may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) by a
writing signed by the party against whom such waiver is to be asserted. 

13.2 Notices. All notices or other communications
provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, commercial overnight delivery service, pre-paid certified mail, return receipt requested or email: 

Owner at: 

Attn: 

Phone: 

Email: 

With a copy to: 

Attn: 

Phone: 

Email: 

Builder at: 

Attn: 

Phone: 

Email: 

With a copy to: 

Attn: 

Phone: 

Email: 

Exhibit E - 9

All such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given as follows: if given by hand
delivery or commercial delivery service, upon delivery; if given by certified mail, three (3) business days following deposit in the United States Postal Service; or if given by email, upon the earlier of: (i) the date the recipient
actually received and read the notice as evidenced by the recipients (non-automatic) reply to such notice or other competent evidence of actual receipt, or (ii) the deemed given date of duplicate
notice given by the sender by any mode of transmission allowed above other than email. Notice to a party shall not be effective unless and until each required copy of such notice is given. The inability to deliver a notice because of a changed
address of which no notice was given, or any rejection or other refusal to accept any notice, shall be deemed to be the receipt of the notice as of the date of such inability to deliver or rejection or refusal to accept. However, notwithstanding the
foregoing, an inoperative or incorrect email address shall not have a deemed receipt effect. Any notice to be given by any party hereto may be given by legal counsel for such party. Any party may from time to time, by written notice to the other,
designate a different address which shall be substituted for that specified above. 

13.3 Captions and Headings. The captions
and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

13.4 Time of Essence. Except as otherwise provided herein, time is of the essence with respect to all provisions of this
Agreement in which a definite time for performance is specified; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be construed to limit or deprive a party of the benefit of any grace period provided for in this Agreement. 

13.5 Governing Law; Interpretation. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the
State in which the Project is located applicable to agreements made and to be performed within the state. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms length and between persons sophisticated and knowledgeable in the matters dealt with in this
Agreement. In addition, each party has been represented by experienced and knowledgeable legal counsel. Accordingly, any rule of law [state specific provision(s) to be added, if applicable] or legal decision that would require
interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that has drafted it is not applicable and is waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the purpose of the parties and this
Agreement. 

13.6 Order of Reference.4 The parties hereto agree that the
State Courts located in ____________ County, California (Court) shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any action or proceeding brought to enforce or interpret any provision of this Agreement or otherwise arising out of the
transaction described herein (Action), and the parties hereby consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over them by the Court for purposes of resolving the Action. Any party may file a complaint with the Court, and in no
other court. However, upon the filing of the complaint, the filing party shall file therewith an application for an order for general judicial reference pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 638, et seq. The parties shall cooperate
in stipulating to the granting of the application. The application shall request a referral to a retired judge or justice from the [] County panel members of JAMS. The parties shall stipulate as to
the specific judge or justice within five (5) business days after service of the complaint, and the filing party shall amend the application to include said referee. If either party refuses to so stipulate to judicial reference or a to specific
referee within the five (5) business days after service of the complaint, the other party may move for said order and appointment by the Court. The referee shall try all of the issues including all
pre-trial and post-trial hearings, motions and matters of any kind whether of fact or of law and report a statement of decision thereon which shall stand as a decision of the Court. The referee shall have all
the powers of a regular sitting Superior Court judge including without limitation the power to impose sanctions and to hold in contempt, and to hear post-hearing motions. Discovery shall be permitted in accordance with law and must be completed no
later than ten (10) calendar days prior to the date first set for trial. A court reporter at the trial may be requested by any party, provided that the record shall remain confidential except as may be necessary for post-hearing motions and any
appeals. The trial must commence within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the date of appointment of the referee. Should JAMS, or a successor of JAMS, not be in existence at the time an Action arises, the parties agree to jointly
select in good faith an alternate organization offering at that time services substantially similar to those now offered by JAMS and, when so selected, such alternate organization shall be substituted for JAMS wherever JAMS is referred to herein.
Each party shall share equally in the fees and costs of JAMS and the referee. 

THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS RESOLVED UNDER THIS ORDER
OF REFERENCE PROVISION WILL BE DECIDED BY A REFEREE AND NOT BY A JURY, AND THAT THEY HAVE AGREED TO THIS REFERENCE PROVISION AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN CHOICE, EACH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND
VOLUNTARILY AND TO THEIR MUTUAL BENEFIT AGREES THAT THIS REFERENCE PROVISION WILL APPLY TO ANY AND ALL ACTIONS. 

4 

This is a California specific concept and will be modified on a state specific basis. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, a jury trial waiver will be added to all agreements. 

Exhibit
E - 10 

13.7 Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining
provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired or affected, it being intended that all other rights and privileges shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

13.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and is intended to be a
complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, agreements,
understandings and undertakings between the parties with respect to such subject matter and there are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, agreements, understandings or undertakings with respect to such subject matter other than
those set forth or referred to herein. 

13.9 Waiver. No delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party hereto of any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver of any other right, power or privilege hereunder, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. 

13.10 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of each of the parties. Without the prior written consent of the other party, in its sole and absolute discretion, neither party may assign its rights under this Agreement; provided, however, that without Owners consent Builder may
assign its rights, and delegate its obligations, hereunder to any person or entity which controls, is controlled by or is under the common control with Builder, or to any corporation into or with which Builder may be merged or consolidated, to any
partnership or limited liability company in which Builder or one of its subsidiaries is a partner or member, as the case may be, or to any person or entity which purchases all or substantially all of the assets of Builder. As used in this Section,
control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the applicable entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
The terms controlling and controlled have the meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

13.11 No Third
Party Beneficiaries. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained, this Agreement and any conditions and provisions hereof being intended to be and being for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns, and for the benefit of no other person. 

13.12 Performance of Acts on Business Days. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary, all references to days herein shall be deemed to refer to calendar days. In the event that the final date for payment of any amount, performance of any act, or the end of any other period hereunder falls on a Saturday, Sunday or
holiday, such payment may be made, such act may be performed, or such period shall end, as the case may be, on the next succeeding business day. 

13.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement may also be delivered by electronic mail transmission (in pdf or similar
format including by electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) with the same force and effect as if an original executed counterpart hard copy of this Agreement had been
delivered by the delivering party. No party may raise the use of any image transmission device or method or the fact that any signature was transmitted as an image as a defense to the enforcement of this Agreement. At the request of either party,
the parties will confirm signatures by signing and delivering an original document. 

13.14 No Partnership. Builder and Owner
expressly acknowledge and agree that they are not joint venturers or partners, and neither party has fiduciary duties to the other, in any manner whatsoever, in connection with the Work contemplated under this Agreement. Neither anything in this
Agreement or in any other agreement or instrument, nor any communication or other action between the parties relating to the Project, is intended or shall be construed to create a joint venture or partnership between Builder and Owner or their
respective owners or a fiduciary duty of one party to the other. 

13.15 Limited Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, no partner, member, officer, director, member, agent or employee of Builder or Owner (each, a Nonrecourse Party) shall be personally liable in any manner or to any extent under or in connection with this
Agreement. The limitation of liability provided in the preceding sentence is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any limitation on liability applicable to a Nonrecourse Party under Applicable Law. 

Exhibit
E - 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly
authorized representatives as of the Agreement Date. 

Owner Builder 

, [] 

a 

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

[Add on any statement required by applicable law e.g., statement required by California Contractors License
Board] 

Exhibit
E - 12 

Exhibit A to Fee Builder Agreement 

Builder Improvements 

Exhibit B to Fee Builder Agreement 

Legal Description of Land 

That certain
real property located in the City of , County of State of , more particularly described as follows: 

Exhibit C to Fee Builder Agreement 

Project Budget 

Exhibit D to Fee Builder Agreement 

Reimbursable Costs 

Reimbursable
Costs means all of the following: 

1. All construction costs including hard and soft (direct and indirect) costs, permit fees, bonding,
HOA formation and operation costs (including subsidies), Project common area, amenities, property maintenance costs (such as costs to comply with SWPPP) and project/field supervision costs. 

2. All costs related to the construction, design, furnishing and operation of model Residences constructed at the request of Owner. 

3. An allocation of the Sales Price for Builders insurance coverage and warranty, payable at the close of escrow for the sale of a Residence to a
homebuyer (a Homebuyer Closing). Such allocation will be on a percentage basis (i.e., a percentage of the Sales Price) consistent with the percentage cost in Builders original underwriting at the time of Owners
approval of the Program Transaction (the Insurance and Warranty Percentage). As of the date of execution of this Agreement, the Insurance and Warranty Percentage is [%]. Builder shall be entitled
to adjust the Insurance and Warranty Percentage from time to time to equal the amount underwritten by Builder in connection with the sale of homes built for its own account. 

4. All other insurance costs. 

5. The Sales and
Marketing Fee. 

6. The Overhead Fee. 

7. Any
other costs of sale incurred by Builder, including title, escrow, brokerage commissions, incentives, and similar costs and expenses incurred in connection with a Residence close of escrow. 

Exhibit E to Fee Builder Agreement 

Specific Disclosures 

EXHIBIT F 

PROGRAM CRITERIA 

Owner and the Owner Parties
shall acquire all Initial Properties. The requirement below shall apply to the admission of future Proposed Projects. 

General Requirements:

Owner and the Owner Parties shall not be required to acquire a Proposed Project if as a result of such
acquisition Owner would fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Owner and the Owner Parties shall not be required to acquire a Proposed Project if as a result of such
acquisition Owner would be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

Unless otherwise approved in Owners sole discretion, Owner and the Owner Parties shall not be required to
acquire a Proposed Project if, after such acquisition, more than 40% of the Owner Parties total committed capital investment for all Admitted Properties (i.e., the sum of all total land and development costs for all Admitted Properties) would
be concentrated in a single State. 

Requirements Applicable to Proposed Projects: 

All material discretionary approvals for the Proposed Project shall have been obtained such that any remaining
discretionary approvals do not create material additional risk to the projected development schedule. For purposes of the foregoing, discretionary approval shall not include (i) matters (such as approval of final plats/maps and plan processing) that
are ministerial in nature, or (ii) the preparation, development, approval and/or issuance of permits and construction plans in the ordinary course. 

The Proposed Project shall be free of monetary liens/encumbrances (other than customary taxes, liens, and similar
matter); provided, however that the following shall be permitted: (a) liens or encumbrances securing deferred payments which are payable in connection with the sale of a completed homes (e.g., profit or price participation); (b) liens and/or
encumbrances related to existing or future financing districts, community associations, or other similar entities; and (c) liens and/or encumbrances customary created in connection with the development of residential developments.

The Proposed Project shall be free of transfer restrictions that would: (a) prevent transfers to and from
the applicable Owner Party and the applicable Lennar Party; (b) would impose a material transfer cost which the Lennar Parties, in their sole discretion, have not agreed to pay or reimburse; and/or (c) prevent or unreasonably restrict
transfers from the applicable Owner Party to a third party replacement homebuilder. 

Exhibit F - 1 

The Proposed Projects primary planned use shall be Homesites for single-family detached and/or attached
homes. The parties acknowledge that Proposed Projects may include condominiums and/or components with ancillary non-residential uses, such as parcels designated for commercial, retail or public uses. The
Proposed Project shall be a Target Project provided such non-residential uses do not impose material additional risks to the projected development schedule. 

The Proposed Project shall not be subject to existing or pending building or development moratoriums on building.

The Lennar Parties shall have obtained a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment dated as of within 180 days of the
proposed closing for the Proposed Project that does not identify any material recognized environmental conditions that will not be resolved in an existing or proposed remediation plan (RECs); provided, however, that if such
assessment identifies one or more unresolved RECs, the Lennar Parties shall have the right (but not the obligation) to submit a Phase II Environmental Site Assessment and/or a proposed remediation plan for such Proposed Project and Owner may elect,
in its reasonable discretion, to accept or reject the Lennar Parties proposed resolution of the RECs. Owner and the applicable Lennar Parties shall meet and confer in good faith concerning such proposed resolution. Should Owner reject the
Lennar Parties proposed resolution, it may reject the Proposed Project. 

The applicable Owner Party and applicable Lennar Party have mutually approved a takedown schedule for all
Homesites in the Proposed Project which will be incorporated into the Project Addendum. 

The applicable Project Addendum for the Proposed Project provides for the construction of Finished Homesites (as
defined in the Construction Agreement) with the applicable Lennar Party responsible for Finished Homesite costs in excess of the applicable Contract Sum. 

Exhibit F - 2 

EXHIBIT G 

FORM OF GUARANTY 

PAYMENT
AND PERFORMANCE GUARANTY 

This PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE GUARANTY (Guaranty) is made as of February 7, 2025, by
Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Guarantor), in favor of MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (Owner), having an address of 600 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1400 Miami, Florida 33131 and
Owners affiliates identified on Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Owner Parties). 

A. Owner and U.S.
Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, U.S. Home, LLC, Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, and CalAtlantic Group, LLC (collectively, Lennar) have entered into the following agreements: (i) that certain Master Program
Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Master Agreement); (ii) that certain Master Option Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Option Agreement) and (iii) that certain Master Construction Agreement, dated
February 7, 2025 (the Construction Agreement). Initially capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Master Agreement. 

B. Pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement and Option Agreement, the Lennar Parties and Owner Parties will from time to time
execute Addenda pursuant to which, without limitation, Properties will be added to the HOPPR Program. The Master Agreement, Option Agreement, Construction Agreement, and executed Addenda are collectively referred to herein as the
Program Documents. 

C. This Guaranty is being given by Guarantor to Owner pursuant to the Program Documents and
is an essential inducement to Owner to enter into the Program Documents. Guarantor is the parent company of the Lennar Parties and will benefit from the execution of the Program Documents and Addenda release of the Deposit prior to the initial Close
of Escrow. 

For good, valuable and sufficient consideration received, Guarantor agrees: 

1.OBLIGATIONS GUARANTEED. Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not as a surety,
the following obligations (collectively, the Obligations): (a) the full punctual payment when due of the Lennar Parties payment obligations to Owner under the Master Agreement and the Option Agreement; and (b) the full
and punctual payment and performance, when due of the Lennar Parties payment and construction obligations to Owner under the Construction Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guaranty or the Program Documents, Guarantor
shall not be liable for any lost profits, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages. 

2.GUARANTY OF PAYMENT AND
PERFORMANCE. If the Obligations are not paid or, with respect to the Construction Agreement performed, by the Lennar Parties in accordance with their terms for any reason whatsoever, Guarantor will promptly make such payments or
perform such Obligations, after written demand by Owner to Guarantor. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and, with respect to the Construction Agreement of performance, and not merely a guaranty of collection or collectability. Guarantor shall
be entitled to assert any defenses available to the Lennar Parties under the Program Documents including all rights of setoff, counterclaim and any defense based on or arising out of any defense that the Lennar Parties may have under the Program
Documents; provided, however, that the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be direct and immediate and is not conditional or contingent upon the pursuit of any remedies against the Lennar Parties, any other guarantor, or any other
party. 

3.CONTINUING GUARANTY. This Guaranty is continuing, unlimited, absolute and unconditional, survives the
termination of the Program Documents and continues in full force and effect until the earliest to occur of (i) with respect to any Program Document, termination of such Program Document pursuant to its terms due to Owners or any Owner
Parties default thereunder, or (ii) all the Obligations are fully and indefeasibly paid and performed. The payment Obligations shall not be considered indefeasibly paid until all payments from Guarantor have been made and are no longer
subject to any right by any party to invalidate or set aside those payments or to seek to recoup the amount of those payments or to declare those payments to be fraudulent or preferential. If any part of those payments is set aside or restored, then
Guarantor shall be liable for the full amount Owner is required to repay. 

4.ALTERATION OF OBLIGATIONS; NO RELEASE.
Guarantor shall continue to be liable under this Guaranty, and the provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (a) any modification, amendment, supplement,
extension, release, renewal, compromise, acceleration or other change in the Program Documents or the time for payment or performance of the Obligations; (b) Owners exercise of any right or remedy under, or waiver of or failure to enforce
any terms, covenants or conditions contained in, the Program Documents, including without limitation any modification, amendment or supplement thereof; (c) any assignment of the Lennar Parties interest under the Program Documents;
(d) Owner accepting, taking or holding any existing or additional real or personal property or other security for the payment or performance of the Obligations, or any exchange, enforcement, waiver, release or subordination of any such existing

and/or additional security; (e) any release or substitution of any other guarantors, sureties, or endorsers of the Obligations; (f) any course of dealing by Owner with Guarantor or any
other party; and/or (g) any impairment or release of the Obligations or any suspension of any right or remedy of Owner against any party, including without limitation the Lennar Parties and any other guarantor. Guarantor authorizes Owner,
without notice or demand and without affecting Guarantors liability under this Guaranty, from time to time and any number of times, to take any or all of these actions or to enter into any other agreement or arrangement whatsoever with the
Lennar Parties, Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Obligations, or any other party with respect to the Program Documents, the Obligations, or any security therefor. 

5.WAIVERS. To the maximum extent permitted by law, but subject to the limitations set forth elsewhere in this Guaranty,
Guarantor waives and relinquishes: 

(a) all rights to require Owner to proceed against the Lennar Parties or any other party, or
exhaust Owners claims against assets owned by the Lennar Parties and/or any security held by Owner, or pursue any other remedy in Owners power before proceeding against Guarantor; 

(b) all rights to: (i) exoneration due to any of Owners actions that impair any security or collateral of Guarantor;
(ii) any security or collateral held by Owner; (iii) require Owner to pursue any right or remedy for Guarantors benefit; and (iv) invoke the equitable doctrine of marshaling assets; 

(c) all rights and/or defenses that may arise by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority, death, disability, dissolution,
termination, bankruptcy, or insolvency of the Lennar Parties or any other party or Owners failure to file or enforce a claim against the estate (in administration, bankruptcy or any other proceeding) of any other party; 

(d) demand, presentment, protest and notice of any kind, including without limitation notice of the existence, creation or incurring of
any new or additional indebtedness or obligation or of any action or inaction by the Lennar Parties, Owner, any creditor of the Lennar Parties, Guarantor, or any other guarantor or other party under this or any other instrument in connection with
any obligation or evidence of indebtedness held by Owner as collateral or in connection with the Obligations; 

(e) all subrogation,
reimbursement, indemnification, and contribution and any other rights and defenses that are or may be available to Guarantor by reason of applicable statute, law, policy, rule or case; 

(f) all rights and/or defenses based upon any statute or legal rule which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither
larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; 

(g) all rights to require Owner to disclose to
Guarantor any facts Owner ever knows about the Lennar Parties, regardless of whether Owner has reason to believe any such facts materially increase the risk beyond that which Guarantor intends to assume, or has reason to believe such facts are
unknown to Guarantor, or has a reasonable opportunity to communicate such facts to Guarantor, since Guarantor acknowledges Guarantor is fully responsible for being and keeping informed of the Lennar Parties financial condition and all
circumstances bearing on the risk of non-payment of the Obligations; 

(h) all rights and/or
defenses arising because of Owners election, in any proceeding instituted under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, of the application of Federal Bankruptcy Code Section 1111(b)(2); 

(i) all rights and/or defenses based upon any borrowing or grant of a security interest under Federal Bankruptcy Code Section 364;

(j) all rights and/or defenses arising out of an election of remedies by Owner, even though that election of remedies, such as a
nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed obligation, has destroyed Guarantors rights of subrogation and reimbursement against the principal because of applicable law or otherwise; 

(k) any defense based upon the modification, renewal, extension or other alteration of the Obligations or of the documents executed in
connection therewith; and 

(l) any defense based upon any legal disability of the Lennar Parties, Guarantor or any other guarantor,
or any discharge or limitation of the liability of the Lennar Parties or any guarantor to Owner, or any restraint or stay applicable to actions against the Lennar Parties or any other guarantor, whether such disability, discharge, limitation,
restraint or stay is consensual, or by order of a court or other governmental authority, or arising by operation of law or any liquidation, reorganization, receivership, bankruptcy, insolvency or debtor-relief proceeding, or from any other cause.

Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees that each waiver set forth herein is made with Guarantors full knowledge of its significance and that
under the circumstances the waivers are reasonable and not contrary to public policy or law. 

Exhibit G - 2

6.BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY, ETC. Without limiting the generality of any
other provision of this Guaranty, including without limitation any provisions stating the obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty are absolute and unconditional, Guarantor agrees: 

(a) Guarantors Obligations Unaffected. If any of the Lennar Parties is relieved of the Obligations as
provided in the Program Documents, including without limitation any modifications thereof, on account of any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceeding or case involving Lennar Parties under the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, or
any successor statute thereto, or any other applicable debtor relief law (whether statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any jurisdiction whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, Guarantor shall nevertheless be fully liable for and shall
pay or perform the Obligations to or for Owner in full pursuant to (and subject to the limitations in) this Guaranty. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except to the extent expressly set forth in this Guaranty, Guarantors
obligations under this Guaranty shall in no way be altered, limited or affected (other than by the acceleration of such obligations under the terms of this Guaranty) by: (i) any proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or arrangement of the Lennar Parties, or any successor or assignee of the Lennar Parties, (ii) any defense the Lennar Parties may have by reason of any order, decree or decision of any court
or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding, (iii) any disaffirmance or abandonment of the Program Documents by a trustee in any bankruptcy proceeding relating to the Lennar Parties, or (iv) any impairment, limitation, or
modification of the liability of the Lennar Parties (or the estate of any of the Lennar Parties in bankruptcy), or of any remedy for the enforcement of the Lennar Parties liability, under the Program Documents resulting from the operation of any
present or future provision of any federal or state bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency law or other statute or from any decision of any court. No limitation upon or stay of the enforcement of the Obligations by virtue of any proceeding,
voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or arrangement of the Lennar Parties shall limit or stay Owners enforcement of Guarantors payment or performance of such
Obligations under this Guaranty. 

7.NO LIMITATION ON RIGHTS. Nothing in this Guaranty shall prevent Owner from suing on
the Program Documentsor from exercising any rights available to Owner under the Program Documents or otherwise, and the exercise of any of those rights shall not constitute a legal or equitable discharge of Guarantor. Guarantor authorizes
and empowers Owner to exercise, in Owners sole discretion and without the consent of or notice to Guarantor, any rights and remedies, or any combination thereof, which may be available to Owner at any time, since Guarantors intent and
purpose is that the Obligations (subject to the limitations set forth in this Guaranty) shall be absolute, independent and unconditional (subject to the terms of the Program Documents) under any and all circumstances as if the same were direct
obligations of Guarantor. 

8.CUMULATIVE RIGHTS. All of Owners rights, powers, and remedies under this Guaranty
and under any other Program Documents now or in the future in force between Owner and Guarantor, including without limitation any other guaranty executed by Guarantor relating to any indebtedness of the Lennar Parties to Owner, shall be cumulative
and not alternative, and such rights, powers and remedies shall be in addition to any and all other rights, powers and remedies now or at any time hereafter available to Owner under the Program Documents, at law and/or in equity. Nothing in this
Guaranty shall require Owner to pursue Owners rights in this Guaranty before proceeding against the Lennar Parties or executing against any other security or collateral securing the Lennar Parties performance of the Obligations or
Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty. This Guaranty is in addition to and is independent of any and all other guaranties of any obligations or other indebtedness of the Lennar Parties to Owner. 

9.INDEPENDENT OBLIGATIONS. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty are independent of the Obligations of the
Lennar Parties and, in the event of any default under this Guaranty, a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor, whether or not any of the Lennar Parties is joined therein or a separate action or actions are brought
against any of the Lennar Parties. Owners rights under this Guaranty shall not be exhausted by Owners exercise of any of Owners rights or remedies or by any such action or by any number of successive actions unless and until the
Obligations have been paid and fully performed (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 1 above). 

10.REINSTATEMENT. Guarantors liability under this Guaranty shall be reinstated and revived, and the rights of Owner will
continue, with respect to any amount at any time paid on account of the Obligations which Owner is thereafter required to restore or return or which is avoided in connection with the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Lennar Parties or
otherwise, all as though such amount had not been paid. 

11.LENNAR PARTIES FINANCIAL
CONDITION. Guarantor is relying on Guarantors own knowledge and has made such investigations as Guarantor has deemed necessary with respect to the Lennar Parties financial condition and prospects. Guarantor represents and
warrants to Owner as of the date hereof that Guarantor: (i) is fully informed of the financial condition of Lennar Parties and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations; and (ii) delivers this

Exhibit G - 3

Guaranty based solely on Guarantors own independent investigation of Lennar Parties financial condition. Guarantor represents and warrants that Guarantor is in a position to assume
and assumes full responsibility for keeping fully informed of Lennar Parties financial condition and all other circumstances affecting Lennar Parties ability to pay and perform the Obligations, and/or Guarantors obligations under
this Guaranty. Owner has no obligation or duty to report to Guarantor any information Owner receives about Lennar Parties financial condition or any circumstances, whether now existing or hereafter arising, relating to Lennar Parties
financial condition or bearing on Lennar Parties ability to perform the Obligations. Owner has made no representations or assurances regarding Lennar Parties financial condition or ability to pay and perform the Obligations. 

12.DEFAULT. If Guarantor is required to pay any Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof and fails to pay the Obligations, or to
confirm its Obligation to fulfill the Obligations under the Construction Agreement, within twenty (20) business days after written demand therefor by Owner, and if Guarantor confirms its Obligation to fulfill the Obligations under the
Construction Agreement, but Guarantor fails to endeavor diligently to fulfill those Obligations as provided below, or to cause them to be fulfilled, at Guarantors expense, Owner shall have all rights and remedies available at law or in equity
for the enforcement of this Guaranty, including without limitation, specific performance. With respect to any Lennar Parties failure to perform under the Construction Agreement, Guarantor shall not be in default under this Agreement if
Guarantor promptly engages a replacement Contractor to perform such Obligations at Guarantors cost and expense. 

13. OTHER
PROVISIONS. 

(a) Entire Agreement. This Guaranty and the Program Document contain the entire agreement
and understanding between Guarantor and Owner with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior discussions and negotiations, whether written or oral, between Guarantor and Owner with respect to such subject matter. There are no
contemporaneous oral agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) Amendment and Waiver. This
Guaranty may not be changed, modified, or amended, except by a writing executed by Guarantor and Owner; and no obligation of Guarantor in this Guaranty can be released or waived by Owner except by a writing executed by Owner. Any extensions of time
of payment, and all other forbearances or indulgences which may be granted by Owner to the Lennar Parties may be made, granted and effected without notice to Guarantor and without in any manner affecting Guarantors liability under this
Guaranty. 

(c) Assignment. Owner shall not assign this Guaranty without Guarantors prior written consent,
which Guarantor may give or withhold in Guarantors sole discretion. 

(d) Binding Effect. The provisions
of this Guaranty shall extend to and be binding upon Guarantor and Guarantors successors and assigns, including without limitation any trustee in bankruptcy and Guarantors estate, heirs and beneficiaries in the event of Guarantors
bankruptcy or death. The provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of Owner, Owners permitted successors and assigns. 

(e) Effectiveness. Guarantor waives any acceptance of this Guaranty by Owner. This Guaranty shall become binding on
Guarantor upon Guarantors execution of this Guaranty. 

(f) Notices. All notices, requests or other
communications required or permitted to be given under this Guaranty shall be made in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in Section 12(a) of the Master Agreement and if such notice is to be made upon Guarantor,
shall be sent to the following: 

If to Guarantor: Lennar Corporation 

5505 Waterford District Drive 

Miami, Florida 33126 

Attention: Mr. Jonathan M. Jaffe 

and Mark Sustana, Esq. 

Email: jon.jaffe@lennar.com and mark.sustana@lennar.com 

With a copy to: Deverich & Gillman LLP 

20 Pacifica, Suite 320 

Irvine, California 92618 

Attention: Adam J. Gillman 

Phone: (949) 483-8600

Email: agillman@dgllp.com 

Exhibit G - 4

(g) No Implied Waiver. No delay or failure of Owner to enforce
any right or remedy against Guarantor shall constitute a waiver thereof or give rise to any estoppel against Owner, or excuse Guarantor from Guarantors obligations in this Guaranty. No delay or omission by Owner to exercise any right, power or
remedy accruing to Owner under this Guaranty shall: (x) impair any such right, power or remedy; or (y) be construed to be a waiver of any such default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar default thereafter occurring; or
(z) be deemed a continuing waiver of any other performance by Guarantor. 

(h) Governing Law. This Guaranty
and the rights and obligations of Owner and Guarantor in this Guaranty shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 

(i) Severability. If any provision in this Guaranty is determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court or
arbitrator, such determination shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any of the remaining terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Guaranty, all of which shall remain and continue to have full force and effect. 

(j) Headings. The section headings and captions in this Guaranty are for reference and convenience only, shall not
be given any legal effect, and shall not be deemed to govern, limit, modify or in any manner affect the scope, meaning, or intent of this Guarantys provisions. 

14. JURY TRIAL WAIVER. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GUARANTOR AND OWNER, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE
OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, AND FOR THE MUTUAL BENEFIT OF BOTH PARTIES, WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS GUARANTY, ANY OTHER PROGRAM
DOCUMENT, OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

GUARANTOR

Lennar Corporation,

a Delaware
corporation

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit G - 5

Schedule 1 

List of Owner Parties 

Millrose
Properties Alabama, LLC 

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

Millrose Properties California LLC 

Millrose Properties Colorado,
LLC 

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Florida, LLC 

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Georgia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC 

Millrose Properties Indiana,
LLC 

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Minnesota, LLC 

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Nevada, LLC 

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC 

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

Millrose Properties North
Carolina, LLC 

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Oregon, LLC 

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC 

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Tennessee, LLC 

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Utah, LLC 

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC 

Millrose Properties West
Virginia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC 

Exhibit G - 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d760441dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT 

by and between 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., 

a Maryland corporation 

and 

MILLROSE
PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC., 

a Delaware limited liability company 

(collectively Owner) 

and 

U.S. HOME, LLC,

A Delaware limited liability company, 

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

and 

CALATLANTIC GROUP,
LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

(collectively, Builder) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. 

GRANT OF OPTION 2 

1.1 Grant 2 

1.2 Term 3 

1.3 Early Termination 3 

1.4 Takedown Schedule; Extensions and Acceleration 4 

1.5 Exercise of Option 6 

1.6 Option Payment 7 

1.7 Monthly Option Payments 7 

1.8 Additional Option Consideration 8 

1.9 Additional Deposit 8 

2. 

PURCHASE PRICE 9 

2.1 Takedown Price 9 

3. 

SUBDIVIDING 10 

3.1 Processing of Final Plat 10 

3.2 Risk of Delay 10 

4. 

OWNERS OBLIGATIONS 11 

5. 

USE 11 

5.1 Signage 11 

5.2 Parking 11 

5.3 Trailers and Storage 11 

5.4 Designation of Homesites 12 

5.5 Termination of License 12 

5.6 Construction of Improvements 12 

5.7 Compliance with Laws 13 

5.8 Lien Free Completion 13 

5.9 Home Construction 13 

5.10 Force Majeure 13 

6. 

OBLIGATIONS OF BUILDER 13 

6.1 Expenses 14 

6.2 Other Taxes 14 

i 

6.3 Repair 15 

6.4 Sales Reporting 15 

6.5 Additional Obligations 15 

6.6 Declaration 16 

6.7 Financing Districts 17 

7. 

PROPERTY DOCUMENTS 17 

7.1 Common Areas 17 

7.2 Power of Attorney 18 

8. 

INSURANCE 18 

9. 

INDEMNITY 18 

9.1 Property Indemnity 18 

9.2 Representations and Warranties Indemnity 20 

9.3 Release 20 

10. 

ESCROW 21 

11. 

ASSIGNMENT TO OWNER 21 

12. 

COOPERATION 22 

13. 

TITLE: CONDITION OF TITLE 22 

13.1 Condition of Title 22 

13.2 Excluded Homesites 23 

13.3 Deed 23 

13.4 Title Claims 23 

14. 

PROPERTY CONDITION 24 

15. 

COMMISSIONS 25 

16. 

REGULATORY MATTERS 25 

16.1 Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act 25 

16.2 State Subdivided Lands Act 25 

16.3 Moratorium 26 

16.4 Environmental Laws 26 

17. 

DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 27 

17.1 Default 27 

17.2 Remedies 28 

17.3 Disputes 29 

17.4 Termination of Option 29 

17.5 Default Interest 29 

17.6 Waiver 30 

ii 

18. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF OWNER 30 

18.1 Authority 30 

18.2 Individual Authority 30 

18.3 No Liens 30 

18.4 Litigation 30 

18.5 Patriot Act Compliance 30 

18.6 Financial Condition 30 

18.7 No Conflicts 30 

19. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUILDER 31 

19.1 Authority 31 

19.2 Individual Authority 31 

19.3 Litigation 31 

19.4 Due Diligence 31 

19.5 Patriot Act Compliance 31 

19.6 Financial Condition 31 

19.7 No Conflicts 32 

20. 

CONDEMNATION 32 

21. 

MODELS HOMES 32 

22. 

UTILITY DEPOSITS 33 

23. 

MISCELLANEOUS 33 

23.1 Notices 33 

23.2 Memorandum of Option and Termination 34 

23.3 Interpretation 34 

23.4 Successors and Assigns 34 

23.5 No Partnership 35 

23.6 Entire Agreement 35 

23.7 Further Documents 35 

23.8 Incorporation of Exhibits and Schedules 35 

23.9 Date of Performance 35 

23.10 Builders Interest 35 

23.11 Survival 36 

23.12 Time of the Essence 36 

23.13 Governing Law 36 

iii 

23.14 No Third Party Beneficiary 36 

23.15 Counterparts 36 

23.16 Recharacterization 36 

23.17 Subordination Agreement 37 

23.18 Exculpation and Waiver 38 

23.19 Impact of Force Majeure Events 38 

23.20 Waiver of Breaches 38 

23.21 Waiver of Jury Trial 39 

23.22 Confidentiality 39 

23.23 Partial Invalidity 40 

iv 

TABLE OF EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOMINATION AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT B FORM OF BUILDER PURCHASE AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT C FORM OF ADDENDUM

EXHIBIT D VERTICAL CONSTRUCTION TERMS

EXHIBIT E FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY

EXHIBIT F INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS

EXHIBIT G MEMORANDUM OF OPTION AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT H NOTICE OF TERMINATION OF OPTION

v 

MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS MASTER OPTION AGREEMENT (together with all schedules, exhibits and Addenda (as defined below) hereto, the
Agreement) is entered into as of February 7, 2025 (the Agreement Date), by and between MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (MPI), and Millrose Properties
Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MPHL) (MPI and MPHL are collectively Owner), and U.S. HOME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively Builder). 

RECITALS 

A. Builder is a
wholly owned subsidiary of Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Parent). Builder and Owner previously executed that certain Master Program Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Master
Agreement). Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning given in the Master Agreement. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, Builder and Owner are utilizing the Homesite Option Purchase Platform (the
HOPPR) and have established the Program (as defined in the Master Agreement). 

B. Builder and its
respective affiliates, divisions, and subsidiaries (collectively, the Builder Parties) are in the business of acquiring land through purchase and sale agreements with landowners (each as set forth in the applicable Addendum
(defined below), an Underlying Purchase Agreement) and developing residences thereon for retail sale or rental to the homebuying public. Owner and affiliates of Owner (collectively, the Owner
Parties) are in the business of acquiring residential land and related rights and granting homebuilders the option to acquire homesites on such land in phases. For purposes of this Agreement, Seller or
Sellers shall refer to the third-party counterparty to such Underlying Purchase Agreement(s), as set forth in the Addendum. 

C. The Owner Parties have previously acquired the Initial Properties. Each Property shall be made subject to this Agreement pursuant to an
Addendum executed by the applicable Owner Party and Builder Party. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the applicable Owner Parties and Builder Parties are executing an Addendum with respect to each such Initial Property. 

D. As described in the Master Agreement, the Owner Parties may hereinafter acquire the Supplemental Transferred Assets and upon such
acquisition each Supplemental Transferred Asset shall be made subject to this Agreement pursuant to an Addendum executed by the applicable Owner Party and Builder Party. Once so acquired, the Supplemental Transferred Assets shall be deemed Initial
Properties for purposes of this Agreement. 

E. In accordance with the Master Agreement, Builder may from time-to-time present Owner with a Proposed Project Report with respect to Proposed Projects. Pursuant to the terms hereof, Proposed Projects shall, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, be admitted and become subject to this Agreement as a Property and, collectively, as the Properties. For avoidance of doubt, the terms Property and Properties shall refer to:
(i) all of the Initial Properties including any Supplemental Transferred Assets; and (ii) additional land hereafter acquired by an Owner Party pursuant to this Agreement (Future Properties). Each Property consists
of one (1) or more tracts of land, each of which is proposed to be developed into finished homesites. 

1 

F. Builder shall convey or cause to be conveyed to the applicable Owner Party the applicable
Future Property pursuant to one of the following (as applicable, the Program Acquisition Agreement): (i) for Future Properties to be acquired directly from a third party by Owner, a Nomination Agreement in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto (the Nomination Agreement); and (ii) for Future Properties already owned by Builder, a Purchase and Sale Agreement in the form of Exhibit B attached
hereto (the Builder Purchase Agreement); or (ii). Upon satisfaction of the required conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement and Owners acquisition thereof, each Future Property subject to an Addendum shall
automatically and without further notice become part of this Agreement for all purposes, and the rights and obligations of the applicable Owner Parties and applicable Builder Parties with respect to the Property shall be governed by the terms of
this Agreement. 

G. Pursuant to the terms of that certain Master Construction Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, between Owner and
Builder (the Construction Agreement), Builder shall cause a contractor (Contractor) to: (i) legally divide, entitle, and develop a Property into legal lots (the
Homesites); and (ii) undertake improvements and obligations to develop the Property into Homesites (the Work and such improvements, the Improvements). Each Property
may also include related common areas and public streets (collectively, the Common Areas). The term Project refers to the applicable Property and any subdivision or Improvements with respect
thereto. 

H. In accordance with the Master Agreement, the Owner Parties and Builder Parties will also enter into multiple Multiparty Cross
Agreements (each a Multiparty Agreement) pursuant to which certain properties will be grouped into distinct pools (each, a Pool and collectively, the Pools). 

I. Builder desires to enter into this Agreement to, among other things, obtain an option to purchase each Property from Owner on the terms and
conditions set forth below. Owner has agreed to grant to Builder an option to purchase each Property on the terms and conditions set forth below. 

AGREEMENT 

For good and
valuable consideration, Owner and Builder agree as follows: 

1. Grant of Option. References in this Agreement to
Builder Party or the applicable Builder Party refer to the Local Builder (as defined below) signing the Addendum with respect to the applicable Property. Similarly, references in this Agreement to Owner Party or
the applicable Owner Party refer to the Owner Parties signing the Addendum with respect to the applicable Property. 

1.1
Grant. An Owner Party shall acquire each Proposed Project in accordance with the Master Agreement, and the same shall be admitted to the Program pursuant to an Addendum executed by an Owner Party, Builders applicable division
operating in the area in which the Proposed Project is located (Local Builder) and, if Local Builder will not act as the Contractor, the Applicable Licensed Affiliate (as defined below), generally in the form of
Exhibit C attached hereto (each, an Addendum and collectively, the Addenda). By executing the Addendum, the Local Builder and applicable Owner Party shall be
bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to the Proposed Property referenced 

2 

therein, shall be deemed parties to this Agreement with respect to such Proposed Property for all purposes, and the Proposed Project shall for all purposes become a Property under
this Agreement subject only to the Owner Partys closing of the acquisition thereof (if not already owned by an Owner Party). For the monetary consideration hereafter described, as well as the performance by the applicable Builder Party of its
covenants and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the applicable Addendum, the Construction Agreement, and each applicable Program Acquisition Agreement (collectively referred to as Builders Agreements), the
Owner Parties hereby grant to the applicable Builder Party, and the applicable Builder Party accepts from the applicable Owner Party, the exclusive right and option (the Option) to acquire the Homesites on each Property in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Addendum. Such Option for a Property may be exercised by the Local Builder identified in the applicable Addendum or any other Builder Party. For avoidance of doubt, each Option shall
apply separately to each Property; provided, however, that the termination or expiration of the Option with respect to one Property shall not cause a termination of this Agreement or a termination of the Option for one or more of the other
Properties except as provided in the Multiparty Agreement with respect to the applicable Pool. This Agreement shall constitute an option and not an agreement obligating Builder Parties to purchase all or any number of the Homesites and thus, the
election of a Builder Party not to exercise the Option in accordance with Sections 1.4 and 1.5 with respect to any or all of the Homesites at the applicable Property shall not constitute a Default by any Builder Party (and Owner
Parties shall have no cause of action against any Builder Party solely as a result of Builder Party failing to exercise the Option or electing to terminate the Option) but shall result in an early termination of the Option with respect to the
applicable Property per Section 1.3 of this Agreement and shall entitle Owner the right to exercise its other rights under the Builders Agreements for an early termination of this Agreement with respect to the
applicable Property (including, without limitation, exercising its rights under the Multiparty Agreement with respect to the applicable Pool). The performance by the applicable Owner Party of its covenants and obligations hereunder with respect to a
Property is expressly conditioned upon Builder not being in Default (subject to the applicable notice and cure period, if any) with respect to such Property. The parties acknowledge that the Addenda for the Initial Properties (including the
Supplemental Transferred Assets, if and when acquired) will in some cases be prepared utilizing estimates and projections. Accordingly, upon any Builder Partys request, Owner and the Owner Parties agree to reasonably amend the Addenda for such
Properties (including adjustments to the Option Payment (as defined below), takedown schedule and Contract Sum); provided, however, that Owner may withhold its consent to any proposed modifications or any amendment which otherwise will have a
material adverse effect on the Owner Parties. For avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Option Payment (including a required refund thereof by the Owner Parties), the Contract Sum, allocation of the Contract Sum to development phases (including
Future Purchases (as defined below)), or other economics of a Project based upon updated Project proformas and/or adjustment of Homesite counts shall not be deemed or construed as having a material adverse effect on the Owner Parties. The parties
further acknowledge that the Addenda will in some cases be prepared contemplating that the applicable Owner Party will in the future fund the acquisition and development of additional land that is not yet owned by such Owner Party (in each case, a
Future Purchase). Upon a Builder Partys request, the applicable Owner Party shall acquire a Future Purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an Addenda: (i) at any time the
applicable Builder Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to not proceed in having the Owner Party acquire the Future Purchase; (ii) the Builder Parties shall not be obligated to deliver an Option Payment with respect to any Future
Purchase unless and until it is acquired by an Owner Party; (iii) the required Option Payment for a Project including any Future Purchase(s) will be calculated based solely on the land and development costs allocable to the portions of the Property
actually acquired by an Owner Party; and (iv) in connection with an Owner Partys acquisition of a Future Purchase, to the extent an Owner Party has not previously delivered an Early Option Payment (as defined below), the applicable Builder
Party shall deliver an Option Payment for the land acquisition and development costs allocated to such Phase. If for any reason the applicable Owner Party does not acquire a Future Purchase as contemplated in an Addendum, then the applicable Owner
Party and Builder Party shall amend such Addendum to account for resulting adjustments in the land acquisition costs, Contract Sum, Homesite count, Takedown Prices and takedown schedule, all using the same cost allocation methodology used to
establish the Takedown Prices in the original Addendum. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a Builder Party may agree, in its sole discretion, to deliver an Option Payment for a Future Purchase prior to an Owner Partys
acquisition of the Future Purchase (in each case, an Early Option Payment). If a Builder Party delivers an Early Option Payment, the Owner Parties and Builder Parties shall cooperate to ensure that the delivery of such
Early Option Payment does not result in the adverse accounting result to a Builder Party. Upon any Builder Parties request, an Early Option Payment shall be re-allocated to a different Property as necessary to avoid consolidation and/or any
other adverse accounting result. 

1.2 Term. The Option shall become effective with respect to a Property on the date (the
Effective Date) that is the later of (i) the date hereof and (ii) the date of an Owner Partys acquisition of such Property (if not already owned by Owner Party) and Builders delivery of the
Option Payment to Owner with respect to such Property as described in Section 1.6(a) below; and (iii) execution of an Addendum for such Property. The term of the Option with respect to a Property shall
commence as of the Effective Date and shall expire, unless sooner terminated pursuant hereto, at 5:00 p.m. on the applicable final Takedown date specified in the schedule of Takedowns attached to the applicable Addendum (each such schedule, a
Takedown Schedule) (as may be extended pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, for each Property, the Option Term). 

1.3 Early Termination. 

(a) Generally. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Option for a Property and the Option Term for such
Property shall terminate with respect to all Homesites on such Property which have not then been acquired by a Builder Party pursuant to this Agreement, upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) Builder Partys delivery of written
notice to Owner terminating the Option as to such Property, (ii) Builder Partys failure to timely exercise the Option for such Property for any Homesites in accordance with the Takedown Schedule and the other terms hereof, and such
failure continues for a period of ten (10) business days after Builder has received written notice of such failure from Owner, or (iii) after a Builder Party has exercised the Option with respect to some of the Homesites on a Property,
such Builder Partys failure to timely acquire such Homesites and pay the applicable Takedown Price (as defined below) and to otherwise comply with the closing procedures and other terms hereof (subject to any applicable cure periods set forth
in this Agreement, including, without limitation, Section 1.4(a) and Section 17.2(a)). Owner shall deliver written notice to Builder of such termination event (the Option Termination
Notice) within twenty (20) business days of the termination. 

3 

(b) Impact of Early Termination in Other Pool Portfolio Projects. It is expressly
acknowledged and agreed to by Builder that as set forth in the Multiparty Agreement, in the event the Option for a Property is terminated for any reason other than a default by an Owner Party, then at any time within twenty (20) business days
of such termination, Owner shall be entitled to terminate the Option with respect to all Properties in the same Pool (a Pool Termination). For avoidance of doubt, a Pool Termination shall not terminate or otherwise affect the
Option with respect to any Properties not in the applicable Pool. 

1.4 Takedown Schedule; Extensions and
Acceleration.

(a) Takedown Schedule. In order for the Option for a Property herein granted to remain effective,
the applicable Builder Party must acquire each Takedown Group of Homesites for such Property (the closing for each such acquisition, a Takedown, and the group of Homesites to be acquired at each such Takedown, a
Takedown Group) on or before the applicable date specified in the Takedown Schedule (the Takedown Date) (subject to the notice and cure provisions in the next sentence). If the total number of
Homesites reflected on the Approved Plat (as defined in the Addendum) and as reflected on the Takedown Schedule differs from the total number of Homesites actually applicable to the Property once the Final Plat (as defined in
Section 3.1 below) is recorded, then the Takedown Schedule shall be modified by the Owner Party and Builder Party accordingly with such adjustment being reflected in a revision to the number of Homesites to be acquired by
Builder Party in the final Takedown for the Property, unless otherwise agreed to by Owner Party. In the event (i) Builder Party timely exercises the Option for the applicable Takedown Group, (ii) the Closing with respect to such Takedown
Group fails to be consummated by Builder Party on the applicable Takedown Date even though the applicable Owner Party is prepared to fulfill all of its obligations at Closing, and (iii) such failure continues for twenty (20) business days
after Builder Party has received written notice of such failure from Owner, then the Option herein granted shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. 

(b) Limited Right to Extend Takedowns. Builder shall have the right to extend, for any reason, the dates for the acquisition of
Homesites for each Property, as reflected in the Takedown Schedule for such Property, for a total of up to four (4) quarterly extensions (each, an Extension), beyond the dates set forth in the Takedown Schedule by
delivering written notice to Owner of such election at least five (5) business days prior to the Takedown that is the subject of such Extension (each, an Extension Notice). Once Builder has exercised such right to
extend four (4) times (for one (1) quarter each time) in accordance with this Section 1.4(b), Builder shall have no further extension rights. An Extension shall extend the timing for subsequent Takedowns of all
Homesites for the applicable Property as set forth on the Takedown Schedule; provided, however, that as of the date (the Catch Up Date) of the final Takedown, Builder shall have acquired the cumulative number of Homesites
required to have been acquired pursuant to the Takedown Schedule as of such Catch Up Date. During the period of all Extensions, Builder shall continue to be obligated to comply with this Agreement and the Construction Agreement. For avoidance of
doubt, the Extension rights set forth above shall apply separately to each Property. 

4 

(c) Acceleration of Selected Homesites. The Takedown Groups specified in the
Takedown Schedule for each Property set forth the number of Homesites to be acquired during the time period specified therein. If Builder desires to accelerate the acquisition of Homesites for a Property (each, an Accelerated
Homesite, and collectively, the Accelerated Homesites) earlier than the dates set forth in the applicable Takedown Schedule, then the applicable Builder Party may purchase the Accelerated Homesites earlier
than the dates set forth in the Takedown Schedule in a single takedown or a series of takedowns (each, an Accelerated Takedown) provided the applicable Builder Party: (i) is not in Default under this Agreement with
respect to the applicable Property; (ii) delivers to Owner, no later than five (5) business days in advance, a written request to Owner regarding the early purchase of such Accelerated Homesites and the designation of such Accelerated
Homesites to be purchased; and (iii) shall not be entitled to complete an Accelerated Takedown with respect to more than fifty percent (50%) of the total Homesites in a Pool as of the date of the proposed Accelerated Takedown. After any Closing
in which a Builder Party acquires Accelerated Homesites, the Takedown which formerly included such Accelerated Homesites shall be modified such that the Accelerated Homesites are excluded from such Takedown Group and the Takedown Price for such
Takedown Group is correspondingly adjusted. Any purchase of Homesites in excess of the minimum requirement shall be credited against the requirements of the succeeding Takedowns until any such excess has been fully applied. 

(d) Bulk Purchase of All Homesites. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties
agree that Builder shall have the right to accelerate its acquisition of all of the Homesites on a Property (or at Builders option, on all Properties) not yet acquired by Builder in one (1) bulk transaction or a series of bulk
transactions (each, a Bulk Purchase), which right may be exercised by Builder at any time (including during any cure period for which Builder has received a notice of Default, and if Builder exercises such right during such
cure period, then notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, Owner shall forbear from exercising any remedies under this Agreement unless Builder defaults in Builders obligation to consummate the Bulk Purchase).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Builder may not exercise its right to complete a Bulk Purchase of a Property as provided in this paragraph if the Homesites subject to the Bulk Purchase constitute more than fifty percent (50%) of the total Homesites
in the applicable Pool as of the date of the proposed Bulk Purchase. If Builder wishes to complete a Bulk Purchase of more than 50% of the Homesites in a Pool, Builder must concurrently exercise and complete a Bulk Purchase of all Homesites in such
Pool; provided, however that nothing herein shall limit Builders right to acquire a Property as provided in Section 3(a) of the applicable Multiparty Agreement. 

5 

(e) Market Pause Event. A Market Condition for the
unpurchased Homesites on a Property exists if: (a) the Burns Home Value Index for the metropolitan statistical area (MSA) in which the Property is located (MSA Index) (or other mutually
acceptable index if a Burns report is not available) shows a seasonally adjusted home sale pricing decline in the MSA of 10% or more (measured from the Effective Date); or (b) a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency occurs
(including restrictions imposed by emergency orders, rules or regulations) which does or is expected to materially and adversely impact Builders ability to construct, market and/or sell residences on the Property. In such event, Builder shall
be entitled to designate up to two Pause Periods, each a Pause Period with respect to such Property of up to six (6) months, during which time all takedown and construction deadlines
for such Property shall be extended, no Closings shall occur, and no payments will be made by Owner to Contractor under the Construction Agreement. During a Pause Period, Builder shall, as a condition to the continuation of the Pause Period, pay a
Monthly Option Payment for such Property pursuant to Section 1.7 but based upon an Applicable Rate equal to the Pause Rate (as defined in the Master Agreement). Following expiration of the Pause Periods described in the
foregoing sentence, two additional Pause Periods of up to six months each may be elected during the term of an Option Agreement subject to Owners approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) and the continued existence
of the Market Condition at such time. Nothing herein shall limit Builders or any Builder Partys right to unilaterally declare a Pause Period pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement. 

1.5 Exercise of Option. Builder (or any Builder Party) shall exercise its Option to purchase a Takedown Group on a Property by
providing Owner with at least five (5) business days prior written notice (the Takedown Notice) of the date Builder desires to consummate the purchase of such Takedown Group (each, a
Closing). Each Takedown Notice shall (a) be delivered at least five (5) business days prior to the last day of the calendar month preceding the month in which the Takedown is scheduled to occur, (b) specify
the Takedown Group to be acquired, (c) identify any Homesites not included in the Takedown Group which Builder elects to acquire in addition to the Homesites contained within the applicable Takedown Group as part of such Closing, and
(d) set forth the date of the Closing (the Closing Date). The Takedown Notice may be given by email and/or via a computerized system approved by the parties. In the event that the Builder Parties fail to timely
exercise the Option and/or fail to timely deliver a Takedown Notice, following the expiration of any applicable cure periods provided for in this Agreement (including the cure period provided as item (ii) in
Section 1.3(a) above), the Option herein granted with respect to the applicable Property shall, at Owners written election, terminate and be of no further force or effect, which election must be given by Owner within
twenty (20) business days of the date upon which the Takedown was to occur. Each Takedown Group specified in the Takedown Schedule sets forth the number of Homesites to be acquired during the applicable time periods specified therein. Owner
shall deliver to Escrow Agent a Deed and such other documents as are required to be delivered at a Closing as described in, and in accordance with, the provisions of Section 13 below. Upon Escrow Agents receipt of
such documents from Owner and recordation of the Deed (or the parties agreement to close prior to recordation of the deed), Escrow Agent shall immediately disburse to Owner the applicable Takedown Price and all other applicable payments due to
Owner received from Builder; provided, however, that Builder shall be entitled to receive a credit against a Takedown Price to the extent specified in Section 2.1. 

6 

1.6 Option Payment. 

(a) Delivery of Option Payment. The Option for each Property is granted in consideration of the applicable Builder Partys
payment of an option deposit for such Property equal to five percent (5%) of the projected total land acquisition and development costs for the Property (the Option Payment). The Option Payment for each Property shall be confirmed
and set forth in such Propertys Addendum. For avoidance of doubt, Builder acknowledges and agrees that each entire Option Payment for a Property is separate consideration to the applicable Owner Party for the grant of the Option for such
Property and is fully and unconditionally earned by, owing to and payable to Owner on the Effective Date. 

(b) Unreimbursed Project
Costs. Concurrently with Owners acquisition of each Property and Builders delivery to Owner of the Option Payment specified in Section 1.6(a), Owner shall reimburse Builder, in cash, for verified,
unreimbursed project costs relating to the Property which have been paid by Builder, all to the extent expressly approved by Owner. 

1.7
Monthly Option Payments. As additional consideration for the grant of the Option for each Property and as a condition to the continuing effectiveness of the Option for such Property and Builders right to purchase such Property,
the applicable Builder Party shall pay to Owner, on or before the tenth (10th) day after Builders receipt of a statement from Owner calculating such amount with respect to the most recently
ended calendar month (each, a Payment Date), a payment (each, a Monthly Option Payment) calculated on a daily basis for such prior month as follows 

Invested Capital, 

multiplied by: the Applicable Rate for such Property set forth in the Addenda for such Property (as such rate may be adjusted
pursuant to the Founders Rights Agreement) 

divided by: 360 days. 

Under no circumstances will the amount of Invested Capital ever be less than $0 for the purpose of calculating Monthly Option Payments. 

Notwithstanding the above, on the first Payment Date, the applicable Builder Party shall pay Owner the Monthly Option Payment for the month in
which the Effective Date occurs, pro-rated on a daily basis for such month based on the actual number of days in such month and the number of days within the month Owner owns the Property. The Monthly Option
Payments for each Property payable and paid by Builder Parties pursuant to this Agreement are separate consideration to Owner Parties for the grant of the Option for such Property, are non-refundable upon
receipt by the Owner Parties, and shall not be applied to the Takedown Prices of Homesites. Upon termination of the Option for any Property, the Builder Parties shall have no further obligation to pay a Monthly Option Payment for such Property. 

For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Invested Capital for each Property shall mean (a) the aggregate
amounts properly paid by Owner Parties to Builder Parties or other third parties in connection with such Property pursuant to this Agreement, the Construction Agreement and any of the other Builders Agreements, including, without limitation,
the 

7 

acquisition cost of the Property and the progress payments made to improve the Property (but excluding any costs which expressly are not reimbursable to Owner pursuant to such agreements), less
(b)(i) the aggregate amount of Takedown Prices received by Owner Parties from Builder Parties for such Property, and (ii) any other payments or reimbursements paid by Builder Parties to Owner Parties for such Property (including the Option
Payment and any Early Option Payments or Additional Deposits) other than the Monthly Option Payment. With respect to the Initial Properties (including the Supplemental Transferred Assets) the Allocated Value set forth in the Addendum for such
Property to the extent actually paid by any Owner Party, shall be included in the Invested Capital for each such Property. For the avoidance of doubt, Invested Capital shall not include amounts to be paid for the acquisition of a Future Purchase
and/or the Site Improvement Guarantee Amount payable by the Owner Parties unless and until such amounts are actually disbursed by the Owner Parties.

1.8 Additional Option Consideration. As additional consideration for the grant of the Option for each Property and as a
condition to the continuing effectiveness of the Option and Builders right to purchase the Homesites on such Property, the applicable Builder Party shall pay all Expenses (as defined in Section 6.1 below)
otherwise payable or attributable to the applicable Property which are due and payable during the Option Term for such Property (regardless of whether such Expenses relate to periods prior to the date of this Agreement), and perform at
Builders expense all maintenance, insurance and other obligations contained in this Agreement during the Option Term for such Property. The Expenses shall include reasonable third party costs (including reasonable third party attorneys
fees) properly incurred by Owner in connection with: (a) Owners due diligence for the acquisition of a Future Property and preparation of the related Addendum, in an amount not to exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) per Property (the
Property Expense Limit); and (b) the review of documents or materials which after the Effective Date are submitted by Builder to an Owner Party for review and/or approval; provided, however, that: (i) if a
Property does not satisfy the requirements of the Program Criteria and is nonetheless acquired by an Owner Party pursuant to this Agreement, the Property Expense Limit shall be increased to Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000); and
(ii) Expenses shall not in any event include consultant fees, market studies, appraisals or similar types of expenses that are undertaken or incurred following the Effective Date. Except in the event of a Default by Owner Parties, all
additional Option consideration paid by Builder pursuant to this Section 1.8 shall be nonrefundable to Builder and shall not be applied to the Takedown Prices of the Homesites. 

1.9 Additional Deposit. As additional consideration for the grant of the Option for each Property, the applicable Builder Party
agrees to pay the Additional Deposit for a Property as and when required under this Section. Additional Deposit shall mean the following amounts: 

(i) If, after considering the upcoming cash flows payable to the Owner Parties from all sources (including anticipated payments under this
Agreement), Owners manager determines in good faith that the Owner Parties require additional cash flow to maintain their business in the ordinary course, then Owner may upon not less than twenty (20) business days notice to the Builder
Parties request a payment not to exceed five percent (5%) of the Takedown Price of all Homesites which are then subject to an Option (a Prepayment). Owner may request a Prepayment only in an amount necessary to maintain its
business in the ordinary course and the parties agree that based on the foregoing, the Prepayment may be less than (but will not exceed) five percent (5%) of the Takedown Price of all Unpurchased Homesites. For avoidance of doubt, no Prepayment may
be requested or required with respect to Homesites which have been previously acquired by a Builder Party. 

(ii) Within twenty
(20) business days of the termination of the Option for a Property for any reason other than Owners Default, the applicable Builder Party shall pay an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the Takedown Price of all Unpurchased Homesites on
such Property (Option Termination Payment); provided, however, that the Option Termination Payment shall be reduced by the amount of any prior Prepayment made with respect to such Unpurchased Homesites. 

8 

Any Additional Deposit shall reduce Owners Invested Capital for the applicable Properties and
concurrently with any Prepayment, Owner and Builder shall enter into a written amendment to the applicable Addenda that modifies the Takedown Prices for the Unpurchased Homesites to take into account Owners receipt of such amount. The
Prepayment shall be applied to the Takedown Price for the applicable Homesites proportionally on a dollar-for-dollar basis. For avoidance of doubt, the aggregate sum of
the Option Termination Payment and Prepayment shall in no event exceed five percent (5%) of the of the Takedown Price of the Unpurchased Homesites for a Property and, accordingly, any Prepayment for a Property shall reduce the Option Termination
Payment thereafter payable for such Property. 

2. Purchase Price. The provisions of this Section 2
shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References below to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder Party executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. 

2.1 Takedown Price. 

(a) Subject to compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, Builder may purchase the Homesites by paying Owner the purchase price (the
Takedown Price) for each such Homesite set forth on the Takedown Schedule The Takedown Price for each Homesite shall be set forth in the Takedown Schedule, which Takedown Price, if the Final Plats have not been recorded as
of the Effective Date, shall be subject to adjustment by Owner to account for any difference between the number of Homesites to be created by the Approved Plat as anticipated as of the Effective Date and the number of Homesites actually created by
the Final Plats after recordation thereof in the same fashion originally allocated to create the Takedown Price for each Homesite within the Property such that Owner receives an aggregate amount equal to all Takedown Prices for the Property
contemplated as of the Effective Date regardless of any deviation in the number of Homesites within the Property. Builder acknowledges that in addition to the Takedown Price for each Homesite hereunder, Builder shall be responsible for all other
third-party closing costs and expenses associated with such acquisition, including but not limited to transfer taxes, escrow and title costs and the obligations referred to in Section 6.1. 

(b) If, at the last Closing, (i) Builder acquires all of the then remaining Homesites resulting in Builder having purchased all of the
Homesites, and (ii) the amount drawn by Contractor under the Construction Agreement is less than the Contract Sum taking into account costs relating to completion of the Final Stage of Work (as such term is defined in the
Construction Agreement), then Builder shall receive a credit against the Takedown Prices for the Homesites paid at the last Closing in an amount equal to the amount of the then unfunded costs available to be drawn by Contractor under the
Construction Agreement (the Final Reconciliation Amount), and if the Final Reconciliation Amount exceeds the cumulative Takedown Prices to be paid by Builder at the last Closing, then at such last Closing Builder shall not
be required to pay such cumulative Takedown Prices, but instead Owner shall pay to Builder, in cash or other immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Final Reconciliation Amount less such cumulative Takedown Prices; provided, however,
that Owner shall be entitled to offset against such payment any amounts then owing by Builder to Owner with respect to the applicable Homesites pursuant to this Agreement, the Construction Agreement or any other Builders Agreements. 

9 

3. Subdividing. The provisions of this Section 3
shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References below to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. 

3.1 Processing of Final Plat. To the extent the Homesites are not separately conveyable legal lots, Builder, with Owners
cooperation (but without cost or liability to Owner), shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Homesites to be subdivided in substantial conformance with the Approved Plat. Builder shall, with Owners cooperation (but without cost
or liability to Owner), use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and obtain approval of all subdivision improvement agreements and obtain all other necessary final approvals for the finalization and recordation of the final plat, as such has
been approved by the applicable governing agencies (each, a Final Plat and collectively the Final Plats). All costs and expenses of obtaining and recording the Final Plat shall be paid by Builder,
subject to reimbursement as provided in the Construction Agreement. 

3.2 Risk of Delay. The Final Plat must be recorded in
the Official Records on or prior to the date of the final Takedown (the Outside Recording Date). The recordation of the Final Plat shall not be a condition precedent to Builders obligations hereunder. Any delay
experienced in recording the Final Plat shall not affect the Takedown Schedule, and if the Final Plat pertaining to a particular Homesite (an Unmapped Takedown Homesite) has not been recorded prior to the scheduled Takedown
(as it may be extended pursuant to the terms of this Agreement) pertaining to such Unmapped Takedown Homesite, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, as a condition to Builders right to maintain the Option,
Builder shall be required to pay to Owner, on or prior to the scheduled Takedown of the Unmapped Takedown Homesite as reflected on the Takedown Schedule, the total consideration to be paid to purchase the Unmapped Takedown Homesite as reflected in
the Takedown Schedule. Builder acknowledges that it must make the payments set forth on the Takedown Schedule for the Option to remain in effect regardless of whether the Final Plat has been recorded for the Homesites scheduled to be purchased as
set forth in the Takedown Schedule; however, if, at the time of any scheduled Takedown, the Final Plat has not been recorded as to any of the applicable Homesites then required to be purchased by Builder, then Owner shall not be obligated
concurrently to convey such Unmapped Takedown Homesite(s) to Builder. Instead, prior to the scheduled Takedown date Owner shall deliver to Escrow Agent a Deed and such other documents as are required to be delivered by Owner pursuant to this
Agreement and if Builder shall pay to Owner the total consideration for the scheduled Takedown. Upon Escrow Agents receipt of such documents from Owner and the recordation of the applicable Final Map, Escrow Agent shall cause the Deed to be
recorded conveying to Builder the requisite Homesites consistent with the previous payments made to Owner. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event the applicable Final Plat has not been recorded prior to the applicable Outside
Recording Date, Builder may exercise the Bulk Purchase consistent with the processes and the terms and provisions set forth in Section 1.4(d), pursuant to which Owner shall sell the Homesites included in the Bulk Purchase
to Builder. If (i) Builder delivers to Owner the purchase price for the Unmapped Takedown Homesite(s), (ii) the Option terminates prior to the recordation of the applicable Final Plat, and (iii) when the Option terminates, Builder has not
then acquired all of the Homesites and/or consummated the Bulk Purchase, then the purchase price paid for the Unmapped Takedown Homesites shall be retained by Owner, and the Deeds and other documents delivered by Owner pertaining to such Homesites
shall be retained in Escrow until the applicable Final Plat has been recorded for the applicable Homesites. The parties shall thereafter cooperate to record the Final Plat and upon such recordation of the Final Plat, the applicable Deeds shall be
recorded and the applicable Homesites shall be conveyed to Builder as they would have been in a Closing. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or in the Construction Agreement to the contrary, so long as Builder has delivered the purchase price
for the Unmapped Takedown Homesites pursuant to section (i) above, then notwithstanding any termination of the Option or the Construction Agreement, Owner, Builder and Contractor shall continue to have all rights under this Agreement and the
Construction Agreement as may be necessary or desirable in order to proceed with the recordation of the applicable Final Plat, until either (A) the applicable Final Plat has been recorded, or (B) the Unmapped Takedown Homesites are
otherwise legally conveyable by Owner to Builder in compliance with the subdivision laws and regulations of the applicable governmental authorities, whichever occurs first. 

10 

4. Owners Obligations. The Owner
Partys obligations under this Agreement with respect to a Property are contingent upon an Owner party having acquired such Property. Owner agrees to cause an Owner Party to acquire each Property pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
applicable Program Acquisition Agreement. 

5. Use. The provisions of this Section 5 shall apply
separately with respect to each Property. References below to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Subject to the restrictions contained in this
Agreement, including, without limitation, Builders compliance with the insurance requirements set forth in Section 8 below, Builder shall have a license to use each Homesite before its purchase thereof for purposes of
inspection, making surveys and tests, staking, obtaining topographical information, installing horizontal site development improvements (Subdivision Improvements) in accordance with the Construction Agreement, and to show
to prospective purchasers of homes from Builder and for the following uses and no other purposes: 

5.1 Signage. Builder may
install signage relating to the marketing of the Homesites. In addition, Builder may place a reasonable number of directional signs on the Homesites. Builder shall comply with all applicable County and City requirements in connection with the
placement of such signage. 

5.2 Parking. Builder may utilize Homesites for parking purposes (including parking of motor
vehicles that may be driven by Builders customers and other business visitors and for providing a walkway to Builders model home complex) associated with the model home complex. The parties acknowledge that Builder may construct multiple
model home complexes on the Property on and subject to the terms of this Agreement and shall be entitled to use Homesites for parking purposes in each such model complex. 

5.3 Trailers and Storage. Builder may utilize Homesites for the installation and operation of construction trailers and/or
temporary sales trailers and/or storage of materials and equipment as is customary for homebuilding. 

11 

5.4 Designation of Homesites. Builder shall have the right to designate which
Homesites are to be used for the purposes described in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3. 

5.5 Termination of
License. To the extent Builder has not previously acquired the Homesites utilized in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then ninety (90) days after the expiration of the Option or earlier termination of this Agreement, the
foregoing license granted to Builder to use the Unpurchased Homesites shall immediately terminate and Builder shall vacate all of such Unpurchased Homesites and remove all personal property therefrom. Builder shall restore any such Unpurchased
Homesites to the same condition as then is required under this Agreement to be maintained for all other Homesites upon which no construction of a dwelling unit has been commenced. 

5.6 Construction of Improvements. Builder shall not grade or construct any improvements on the Homesites on any Property
then-owned by Owner without first having obtained all necessary licenses, permits and approvals for such work from any and all other applicable federal, state or local governmental or quasi-governmental authorities, entities or agencies, property
owners associations and utility providers having jurisdiction or approval rights over such Property (collectively, the Approving Authorities). Contractor (or, if applicable, the third party selected by Contractor) shall
fully comply with all state and federal contractors licensing laws and requirements (the Licensing Requirements) applicable to Contractors construction of the Improvements and other work or services provided or
performed under or in connection with this Agreement, including the Improvements (if any). Any and all such work (or related services) that requires a contractors license (if any) shall be deemed Licensed Work.
Applicable Licensed Affiliate shall mean an affiliate of Builder (or, if applicable, the third party selected by Contractor) holding a contractors license or licenses in the State in which the applicable Property is
located (e.g., for a Property in California, the Applicable Licensed Affiliate would be a Builder affiliate holding a California contractors license). All Licensed Work shall be performed (or caused to be performed) by the Applicable Licensed
Affiliate and all other Builder Parties shall have no obligation with respect thereto. Builder shall cause an Applicable Licensed Affiliate to sign and deliver the Addendum for each Property as a condition to the performance of any Licensed Work.
For avoidance of doubt, the Applicable Licensed Affiliate: (i) shall agree to perform or cause to be performed any Licensed Work that the Applicable Licensed Affiliate is required or permitted to perform under the Construction Agreement; and
(ii) shall be a party to this Agreement solely for purposes of being the party performing (or causing the performance) of the Licensed Work (if any) required under this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, an Applicable Licensed Affiliate shall
not have any other rights under this Agreement including any Option rights. All references in this Agreement or the Construction Agreement requiring the performance of Licensed Work shall be interpreted as requiring such Licensed Work to be
performed by (or caused to be performed by) the Applicable Licensed Affiliate (and not any other Builder Party). The parties agree to execute such additional assurances, documents or confirmations, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
such party, as are required for Owner, Builder, and/or the Applicable Licensed Affiliate to comply with the Licensing Requirements. 

12 

5.7 Compliance with Laws. At all times prior to the expiration or sooner
termination of the Option (or other termination of this Agreement) with respect to a Property (for each Property, the Option Termination Date) Builder shall fully and timely comply with all documents, instruments, covenants
and restrictions of record affecting the Property. Builder shall, at its expense, comply with all existing and future laws, codes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations and requirements of all Approving Authorities pertaining to each Property and
Builders activities relating thereto, including any and all environmental laws. 

5.8 Lien Free Completion. Prior to
the Option Termination Date, Builder shall maintain the applicable Property in good condition and repair and shall keep the unpurchased portion of the Property free and clear of all liens and encumbrances arising prior to the Option Termination Date
other than those created by Owner, and Builder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner for, from and against any such liens or encumbrances (other than those created by Owner). Builder shall have an opportunity to cure any liens and
encumbrances within 90 days from Owners written notice to Builder. 

5.9 Home Construction. Builder desires to commence
vertical construction of its model and production homes on Homesites prior to Builder having acquired title to such Homesites. Owner is willing to permit such vertical construction activities, but only on and subject to the terms set forth in
Exhibit D attached hereto. Builder may commence construction at its sole and absolute discretion. 

5.10 Force Majeure. If Builder is delayed in completing its construction and development obligations under this Agreement, then
the Force Majeure Items (as defined in the Construction Agreement) provisions in the Construction Agreement shall also apply to and extend the date of performance of Builders obligations herein. 

6. Obligations of Builder. References in this Section 6 to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively,
to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply separately with respect to each Property and with respect to all obligations and matters
which accrue and are allocable to such Property, regardless of whether such obligations or matters relate to periods prior to, during or after the Option Termination Date; provided that the Builder Parties shall not be responsible for such
obligations or matters which become due and payable, and relate to a period occurring, after the expiration of the Option Termination Date for a Property. In the event any cost or expense pertains to a period which includes the time period occurring
after an Option Termination Date, it shall be prorated as of the date of termination or expiration. Nothing herein shall limit any Builder Partys right to pursue its rights and remedies under this Agreement in the event of Owners
Default. 

13 

6.1 Expenses. Other than as explicitly set forth in this Agreement, the
Construction Agreement or an Addendum, Owner shall not be required, prior to the Option Termination Date, to pay any expense or other charge applicable to a Property except as expressly set forth herein, so that all impositions, insurance premiums,
bond premiums, utility expenses, construction costs, homeowners association obligations, assessments (general, special or other), monetary or otherwise (if any), charges pertaining to repair and maintenance expenses and all other actual costs
and expenses (but excluding income taxes and franchise taxes) of whatsoever character or kind, general or special, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen, and of every kind and nature whatsoever related to the Property and due and payable
with respect to the period during or prior to the Option Termination Date, including the period prior to the Effective Date (collectively, Expenses), shall be paid or discharged by Builder; provided, however, Owner shall
have no right to incur costs (except if Builder is in Default under the Builders Agreements as reasonably necessary to protect Owners interest in the Property) for which Builder shall be responsible without Builders prior written
consent. The Expenses are additional Option consideration and are nonrefundable to Builder and not applicable to the Takedown Prices of the Homesites. Without limiting the foregoing, Builder shall as a material part of the consideration to Owner in
exchange for Owners grant of the Option to Builder: (i) pay prior to delinquency all real estate taxes, special taxes, assessments (general, special or other) and other charges, including any homeowner association dues and charges, fees
or costs pertaining to roadway, water, wastewater, impact or other fees payable to the County, the City or any other Approving Authority, or otherwise payable by Owner and attributable to the Property, which are due and payable with respect to the
period prior to the Option Termination Date for such Property (even if such taxes (including agricultural rollback taxes), assessments (general, special or other), fees or charges relate to periods prior to the Effective Date), (ii) maintain,
at Builders expense, the Property in good order, condition and repair at all times prior to the expiration or termination of the Option Term, (iii) pay prior to delinquency all charges for water, electricity, telephone service, trash
removal and all other services or utilities used on or about the Property which accrue with respect to the period prior to the Option Termination Date (even if such payments relate to periods prior to the Effective Date) other than those expenses
created by Owner, (iv) provide at Builders expense all insurance for the Property required pursuant to this Agreement during the Option Term, and (v) pay all other monetary obligations with respect to the Property which are
Builders responsibility as set forth in this Agreement. At the request of Owner, a copy of each check sent by Builder to the County or City Treasurer (or other applicable taxing authority) for taxes attributable to portions of the Property
owned by Owner shall be sent to Owner promptly upon the submission of same to the applicable Treasurer (or other applicable taxing authority). If Builder either fails to exercise its rights to acquire all of the Property, or is in Default under this
Agreement, then upon the expiration or termination of the Option Term, Builder shall immediately pay to Owner all unpaid taxes and assessments (general, special or other) which relate to the period prior to the Option Termination Date with respect
to the portion of the Property not acquired by Builder. The amounts payable by Builder shall be determined based upon the latest available information (apportioned on a per diem basis using a 365-day year),
and when the actual bills are received, each party shall make such payment to the other party as is necessary so that Builder pays the actual amount of taxes and assessments (general, special or other) attributable to periods prior to the expiration
or termination of the Option Term (including, the period prior to the Effective Date). On and after the Option Termination Date for a Property, Builder shall have no further obligation to pay Expenses that are incurred or accrue after the Option
Termination Date with respect to the applicable portions of the Property not purchased by Builder (the Retained Property); provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit a Contractors obligation to complete or pay
for the Work (as defined in the Construction Agreement) pursuant to the Construction Agreement. Builder shall have no obligation to pay Expenses with respect to the Retained Property for the period after the Option Termination Date. 

6.2 Other Taxes. Builder acknowledges that it is acquiring each Homesite for resale. Builder hereby assumes the liability for
and agrees to pay: (a) all applicable County, City and State reassessments, state and local transfer and recordation taxes, sales taxes, transaction privilege taxes and other or similar taxes or charges owing in connection with Builders
acquisition of the Homesites or other portions of the Property and in connection with Builders development and subsequent resale of such Homesites; and (b) all charges in connection with fire protection, streets, sidewalks, road
maintenance, refuse or other services provided to the Property by Approving Authorities which are due and payable with respect to the period prior to the expiration or termination of the Option Term. Builder shall have no obligation to pay any such
amounts with respect to the Retained Property for the period after the Option Termination Date. 

14 

6.3 Repair. If, prior to the Option Termination Date with respect to a
Property, any of the Homesites not yet acquired by Builder, the Common Areas and/or the Subdivision Improvements are damaged or destroyed, Builder shall promptly repair and restore the applicable Homesites, the Common Areas and/or the Subdivision
Improvements to their respective condition immediately prior to such damage and destruction. Upon the Option Termination Date, Builder shall deliver the Common Areas and the Subdivision Improvements, and the Homesites not purchased by Builder to
Owner in good condition and repair, all in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions in the Construction Agreement. Builders repair obligations set forth herein shall survive the termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 23.11 but are nonetheless subject to extension for Force Majeure Items. 

6.4 Sales
Reporting. Beginning with the month following the month during which Builder commences marketing of the Homesites to members of the home buying public and until the Option Termination Date, Builder shall deliver to Owner on or before the
fifth (5th) business day of every month (for the immediately prior month) a marketing report in a form reasonably determined by Builder, setting forth the sales, cancellations, and other information reasonably requested by Owner pertaining to
Builders marketing of the Homesites that is customarily captured by Builder. In addition, if there is a master developer involved with the Property, to the extent permitted by Builders agreements with such master developer, Builder shall
deliver to Owner any sales reports obtained by Builder from any master developer or other party overseeing the marketing of the community where the Homesites are located. 

6.5 Additional Obligations. Builder acknowledges and agrees that it is the intent of the parties that, notwithstanding the fact
that Owner has acquired the Property, during the Option Term and prior to the Option Termination Date, all the obligations of Builder set forth in the Underlying Purchase Agreement and all other obligations of the owner or purchaser of the Property
under any other documents executed at any time during the Option Term by a prior owner, Seller, Builder, Contractor or Owner in connection with the Underlying Purchase Agreement or the sale of the Property to Builder or Owner or otherwise binding on
the owner of the Property shall be performed by, and shall be the sole obligations of, Builder; provided, however, that Owner shall perform those obligations that are required to be performed by the legal holder of title to the Property (e.g.,
execution of documents that must be signed by the owner). To that end, and without limitation on the foregoing, subject to the reimbursement rights set forth in the Budget (as defined in the Construction Agreement) and the Construction
Agreement, during the Option Term and prior to the Option Termination Date, Builder shall be solely responsible for the obligations of Purchaser or Buyer set forth in the Underlying Purchase Agreement, including without
limitation, posting all security, including, without limitation, deposits and bonds, required in connection with such Subdivision Improvements. 

15 

6.6 Declaration. 

(a) Owner and Builder acknowledge and agree that each Property is or may be (if at all, no later than the first Takedown) subject to a
declaration of covenants, conditions and restrictions (a Declaration) for the homeowners association governing the Property (an Association). If recorded after Owners acquisition of the
Property, the Declaration shall be executed by Builder as Declarant and joined in and consented to by Owner as the owner of the Homesites, and if applicable executed by the Association as owner of the Common Areas, in form and substance acceptable
to Owner and Builder, each in its reasonable discretion. Owner shall cooperate with Builder in taking the necessary steps to form the Association for the eventual transfer of control of the Common Areas in compliance with the phasing schedules for
the Property and the budget for the Association. Owner shall review and approve or disapprove any documents submitted (or resubmitted) by Builder related to the formation of the Association and/or the transfer of control of the Common Areas within
ten (10) business days of Owners receipt, and if Owner is approving such documents it shall also promptly execute same (to the extent required by the applicable governmental authorities). Owner shall not unreasonably withhold, condition
or delay its approval and/or execution of any documents so submitted, and it shall respond with specificity as to its reasons for disapproval if Owner fails to take Builders desired action with respect thereto. 

(b) As part of the material consideration to Owner in exchange for Owners grant of the Option to Builder, prior to the Option
Termination Date Builder shall, at its expense, perform all of the obligations of the Declarant set forth in the Declaration (as may be amended or modified), including without limitation, making the payment of all fees, assessments, dues, charges
and other sums allocable to the Property, if any, prior to the due date thereof and Builder shall otherwise comply with all provisions of the Declaration (as may be amended or modified) applicable to Builder, Owner or the Property. The obligations
of Builder which accrue pursuant to the preceding sentence (or relate solely to the period) after the Option Termination Date shall terminate immediately following said Option Termination Date, except with respect to any Homesites which have been
previously acquired by Builder hereunder. Other than as set forth in this Section 6.6, during the term of this Agreement with respect to any Homesite(s), neither party shall have the right to (i) record any covenants,
conditions or restrictions against the Property, (ii) amend, terminate or de-annex the Homesites from, or agree to amend, terminate or de-annex the Homesites from,
the Declaration, or (iii) record any other instrument, agreement, document or memorandum against the Property, without the others prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(c) If requested by Owner, upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Option prior to Builders acquisition of all Homesites on a
Property (such Homesites which have not been acquired by Builder as of such termination being referred to herein as the Unpurchased Homesites), Builder, at its expense, shall assign its rights (if any) as Declarant with
respect to the Unpurchased Homesite by recordable instrument and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of the Declaration. If applicable, on and after any such assignment, Owner shall cooperate with Builder and execute any documents
reasonably requested by Builder to facilitate Builders continued development and sale of the Homesites acquired by Builder, including as needed to ensure Builder may annex the purchased Homesites and Common Areas into the Declaration.
Additionally, even if Builder, or an affiliate or subsidiary of Parent or Builder, is not the named declarant or developer (or similar term) under the Declaration, nor otherwise has the ability to assign such rights or grant such consents, Builder
shall nonetheless cooperate with and assist Owner in seeking such assignments, consents and waivers from the appropriate parties under the Declaration. 

16 

6.7 Financing Districts.The provisions of this Section shall survive
termination of the Agreement and the Option Termination Date. In connection with the funding and formation of any Financing District (as defined below), Owner Parties shall cooperate and execute such documents as are required to be signed by Owner
in its capacity as the fee title owner of the Property or portions thereof). Financing District shall refer to a special improvement district, assessment district, maintenance district, landscape and lighting district, community
facilities district, community development district, amenity club plan, metropolitan district, or other similar improvement, maintenance or financing district or other financing mechanism creating an additional tax or assessment burden on land
affecting all or any of the Property. Subject to the terms and conditions below, Builder shall be entitled to receive and retain all reimbursements, credits and other third party payments related to the Property including payments and reimbursements
from Financing Districts. If Builder controls any impact fee, school or other credits pertaining to the Unpurchased Homesites, or reimbursement rights or other rights pertaining to the Unpurchased Homesites under any third party agreements, or any
impact fee, school or other credits or reimbursement rights from any Financing District on account of improvements installed pursuant to the Construction Agreement, or payments made by Builder with respect to the Unpurchased Homesites, Builder shall
promptly following the written request of Owner after termination of the Option assign such rights to the extent related to the Unpurchased Homesites to Owner and cooperate to execute appropriate assignment documents and obtain all required
third-party consents to such assignments (if any). If any Owner Party receives any reimbursements, credits, or proceeds from any Financing District, such Owner Party shall within ten (10) business days of such receipt deliver and assign to the
applicable Builder Party such reimbursements, credits, or proceeds. 

(a) If any reimbursements, impact fee credits or other credits
available to the Unpurchased Homesites are a result of payments made by any Builder Party or improvements made by any Builder Party without full contribution by an Owner Party, then upon such assignment Owner shall pay to the applicable Builder
Party an amount equal to the allocable contribution made by the Builder Parties (with no interest or mark-up) to obtain the credits. Any amounts paid by the Owner Parties to generate such credits shall offset
any amounts due to the Builder Parties (e.g., if the Owner Party funded through the Construction Agreement 50% of the payment made to obtain the credits, only half of the per Homesite amount shall be paid to the Builder Party). 

7. Property Documents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply separately with respect to each
Property. References below to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. 

7.1 Common Areas. Upon Builders request, Owner shall convey all or a portion of the Common Areas to Builder, the
Association, a Financing District or any other Approving Authority; provided, however, that Owner shall be entitled to reserve such easements as may be reasonably necessary for the development of the Unpurchased Homesites. 

17 

7.2 Power of Attorney. Upon Builders request at any time after the
Effective Date, Owner shall grant Builder a power of attorney pursuant to the agreement attached as Exhibit E hereto (the Power of Attorney). Pursuant to the Power of Attorney,
Builder may execute on behalf of Owner any and all applications, agreements, and other documents that are reasonably related to the proposed development of the Property including without limitation any documents that must be signed by the owner of
the Property (e.g., Final Plats, the Declaration, easements, and Financing District documents). In the event that a third party (including any Approving Authority and/or any title company) will not accept, recognize or approve Builders
authority under the Power of Attorney, then Owner shall, within three (3) business days of Builders written request (which request may be via e-mail), reasonably cooperate in executing the
applicable document(s) or instrument(s). Pursuant to the Power or Attorney, Builder shall, without limitation, be entitled to execute on behalf of Owner deeds conveying Common Areas as provided in Section 7.1 above.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall Builder be entitled to execute on behalf of Owner any deeds conveying a fee interest in any Homesites without Owners express prior consent which may be given via email. 

8. Insurance. During the Option Term and for any period that Builder is performing Work on the Property, Builder shall procure
and maintain the insurance coverage described in Exhibit F attached hereto prior to any entry on the Property and throughout the Option Term and periods thereafter as required in Exhibit
F. 

9. Indemnity. 

9.1 Property Indemnity. The provision set forth in Section 5 of the Master Agreement [Indemnity Procedures]
shall apply to any claims for indemnity under this Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference. To the fullest extent permitted by law and without limiting Builders indemnity obligations elsewhere in this Agreement, Builder does and
shall indemnify, defend (through counsel reasonably acceptable to Owner) and hold harmless, and hereby releases and discharges, Owner and Owners members, managers, the partners of its members and managers and their respective owners, officers,
directors, employees, and affiliates (collectively, the Owner-Related Persons), except to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Owner and/or the Owner-Related Persons for, from and against all claims,
actions, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (collectively, Claims), arising out of or in connection with: (a) Builders use or occupancy of the Property, or any portion thereof; (b) any
Claim relating to Builders construction or use of the Subdivision Improvements, including, without limitation, any Claim based upon any defect or alleged defect in the plans or the development of the Homesites by Builder (regardless of whether
such work was performed on behalf of Builder or Contractor or otherwise); (c) any work, occurrence, conduct, act or omission maintained, performed, permitted or suffered by Builder or any representative, subcontractor or supplier of Builder, or any
employee, agent, invitee or licensee of any of the foregoing, on or about or pertaining to the Property or any portion thereof; (d) any Claim pertaining or relating to the condition of the Property, specifically including, without limitation,
any Claims arising as a result of the condition of the surface and sub-surface of the Property or any portion thereof existing, created or arising prior to or during the Option Term (including the period prior
to the Effective Date), and/or the failure of the Property or any portion thereof to be properly graded and compacted as necessary to prevent subsidence and any other settlement, cavity formation or movement of the soils (i.e. subsurface soil
conditions commonly associated with sinkhole activity); (e) any 

18 

condition of or on the Property, or any portion thereof, or of or on any street, curb or sidewalk thereon or adjacent thereto or any improvement constructed or to be constructed thereon existing,
created or arising prior to or during the Option Termination Date; (f) Builders failure to perform Builders material obligations, or Builders breach of Builders material obligations, representations or warranties, under
the Builders Agreements (however, the parties acknowledge that, while Builders failure to acquire any or all of the Homesites may result in a termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such failure of
itself would not constitute a breach of Builders obligations, representations or warranties under this Agreement or the Construction Agreement); (g) any act, omission, negligence or misconduct of Builder or its representatives, subcontractors,
suppliers, employees, agents, invitees or licensees (whether active or passive) relating to the Property; (h) any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person, firm or corporation in or about the Property or any sidewalk, street
or land adjacent thereto arising prior to the Option Termination Date; (i) any Claim brought by any party under any purchase agreements (or through such parties) by which Builder sold Homesites (the Builders Home Sale
Agreements) or the escrows relating to the Builders Home Sale Agreements; (j) failure to timely pay any development fees, school fees, financing district assessments or special assessments, fees and expenses that are
required to be paid by Builder (or Contractor) pursuant to the terms of the Builders Agreements prior to the Option Termination Date; (k) the physical condition of the Property or any portion thereof existing, created or arising prior to
or during the Option Termination Date (including the period prior to the Effective Date), including with respect to any underground storage tanks currently located on the Property, and the impact of any federal, state or local law, common law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, administrative rule, policy or order, now in effect or at any time hereafter enacted which pertains or is applicable to or governs hazardous materials or substances, or the use, permitting and/or environmental
condition of the Property (including the subsurface thereof) and any property adjacent thereto, or which pertains to health, industrial hygiene or the regulation or protection of the environment; (l) any Claim made against Owner or the Property
relating to impact fees and/or real property taxes due and payable with respect to for any time periods during and before the Option Term (including the period prior to the Effective Date); (m) any Claim relating to the Underlying Purchase Agreement
and/or any documents executed in connection with the closing(s) thereunder or the terms set forth therein, all of which shall remain the responsibility of Builder subject to the terms of Section 6.5; (n) any third party
Claim relating to Builders processing, finalizing and recording the Final Plat; (o) any activities performed by Builder on property not owned by Owner in connection with the construction of the Subdivision Improvements or other
development of the Property; and/or (p) any Claim or obligations relating to homes constructed by Builder on Homesites owned by Owner, as more particularly described in Exhibit D attached hereto. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Section 16.4 below), in the
event of any termination of the Option and/or this Agreement prior to Builder having acquired all of the Property (an Option Termination), Builders indemnification obligations hereunder shall terminate as of the date
of such Option Termination for Retained Property, except that Builder shall not be released from the following indemnification obligations: any Claim that arises in connection with (i) any Work performed by or on behalf of Builder, Contractor
or any of their affiliates on the Property before or after the Option Termination Date, (ii) any Hazardous Substance released or discharged by or on behalf of Builder, Contractor or any of their affiliates during the course of the Work or
otherwise, (iii) any Hazardous Substance or physical site conditions on, in, or under the Property or Subdivision Improvements in existence prior to the Option Termination Date including those conditions existing prior to Owners
acquisition of the Property; (iv) any Hazardous Substance or physical site conditions on, in, or under the Property first arising following the Option Termination Date which are caused by or on behalf of Builder, Contractor or their affiliates
in connection with its ownership and/or development of the portion of the Property acquired by Builder or its affiliates; and/or (v) any PCBs or pesticides identified on the Retained Property at any time. In addition, following the Option
Termination Date, Builder does not release (and shall not be required to indemnify, defend and hold harmless) Owner and the Owner-Related Persons for or from any Claims to the extent arising from (a) any third party claim arising directly from
Owners failure to comply with or perform its material obligations under this Agreement or the Construction Agreement; (b) Claims arising from failure to complete the Work or perform other obligations pursuant to the Construction Agreement
after a termination of the Construction Agreement for reasons other than Contractors default thereunder; (c) any improvements installed, work performed, occurrence, conduct, act or omission maintained, performed, permitted or suffered by
Owner, any third-party (including a replacement builder or replacement contractor) (Third Party), or any representative, contractor, subcontractor or supplier of Owner, the Owner-Related Persons, or such Third Party (for
avoidance of doubt, Contractor, Builder and Builder Parties are not Third Parties), (d) any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person, firm or corporation on or in connection with the Retained Property after the Option Termination
Date unless caused by or through Builder or any Builder Parties; and/or (e) Owners failure to comply with or perform its obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Retained Property after the Option Termination Date. 

19 

9.2 Representations and Warranties Indemnity. Builder hereby agrees and
acknowledges that Owner is relying on the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Builder hereunder and in the other Builders Agreements in connection with Owners acquisition of the Property and that Owner would
not have otherwise acquired the Property without such representations and warranties being made by Builder. Accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by law and without limiting Builders indemnity obligations elsewhere in this Agreement,
including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 9.1 above and Section 16.4 below, Builder does and shall indemnify, defend (through counsel reasonably acceptable to Owner) and hold harmless, and
hereby releases and discharges, Owner and the other Owner-Related Persons for, from and against all Claims arising out of or in connection with the breach of any representation or warranty made by Builder hereunder or under the other Builders
Agreements. 

9.3 Release. Builders obligations under this Section 9 shall not be limited in
any manner by any limitation on the amount or type of damages, compensation or benefits payable under any insurance policy required to be maintained by Builder hereunder. The covenants contained in this Section 9 shall
survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement as provided in Section 23.11 and shall be continuing obligations of Builder for so long as same may be enforced within any applicable statute of limitations time
periods. Builder hereby waives any rights or benefits under the law of the State in which the Property is located limiting the scope or nature of the release granted by Builder to Owner pursuant to this Section 9. 

20 

10. Escrow. The provisions of this Section 10 shall
apply separately with respect to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Each Closing shall be consummated through an escrow
(Escrow) established with Lennar Title Inc., CalAtlantic Title, Inc., or such other escrow company as is designated by Builder and approved by Owner in its reasonable discretion. The escrow agent for each Property shall be
the party whose name and address are shown in the applicable Addendum (Escrow Agent), or with such other escrow agent mutually acceptable to Owner and Builder as may be reasonably designated by Builder. At or prior to each
Closing, Builder shall pay (i) the applicable Takedown Prices to Owner through Escrow, subject to any adjustments under Section 2 above, and (ii) all other third party closing costs associated with the Closing,
exclusive of any amounts incurred in connection with any financing obtained by Owner and/or monetary encumbrances caused by Owner, and each of the parties shall execute and deliver such documents and perform such acts as are provided for herein, or
as are necessary, to consummate the sale and conveyance of the applicable Homesites. If at the time of any Closing, real property taxes and assessments or any other charges or fees payable by Builder as referenced in
Section 6 above are then due and payable prior to delinquency with respect to any of the Homesites not being acquired, Builder must, in addition to paying the Takedown Prices for Homesites to be acquired, pay all such taxes
and other amounts which are then due and payable excluding non-delinquent property taxes; otherwise, Owner shall have no obligation to convey such Homesites to Builder. 

11. Assignment to Owner. The provisions of this Section 11 shall apply separately with respect to each
Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Effective as the date when the Option has expired or has otherwise been terminated pursuant
to this Agreement without Builder having acquired all of the Homesites, Builder does hereby assign to the extent legally assignable and on a non-exclusive basis, without charge or liability to Owner,
(a) all plans relating to the horizontal improvements, (b) all of Builders rights in all third party guarantees and warranties relating to the Subdivision Improvements or any off-site
improvements, and (c) all governmental applications, approvals, agreements, permits and service contracts, all entitlements, and all design and engineering documentation or consulting agreements relating to the Retained Property (collectively,
the Development Work Product), provided that Builder shall retain the nonexclusive right to use the Development Work Product. The foregoing assignment specifically excludes any contracts, guarantees and warranties and/or
rights with subcontractors or other parties (but does not exclude consultants who prepared work product) covered by Builders wrap insurance program. Additionally, if reasonably determined by Owner as needed to maintain consistency of home
product to be constructed within the Property, promptly following the Option Termination Date, upon request from Owner, Builder shall cooperate with Owner to enable Owner and its successors or assigns, including, without limitation, any replacement
builder to whom Owner sells any Retained Property, to obtain the right to use with respect to the Retained Property only the architectural plans and specifications for any homes offered for sale by Builder on the Homesites. Such efforts shall
include Builder using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of the architect who prepared the architectural plans for the home product being offered by Builder for sale on the Property to allow the use thereof on the Retained
Property for a typical and reasonable market rate re-use fee. Additionally, Builder may require Owner and any replacement builder to execute a design license agreement on commercially reasonable terms pursuant
to which Owner and any replacement builder, among other things will: (i) acknowledge and confirm Builders ownership and proprietary rights in all architectural plans owned by Builder; (ii) agree to use the architectural plans only
with respect to the Retained Property; and (iii) agree and confirm they will not use the name Lennar (or derivatives thereof) or other trademarks or marketing names/concept (such as, without limitation, Next Gen and
Everythings Included). Builder shall also retain rights in all of the rights assigned to Owner on a non-exclusive basis. 

21 

12. Cooperation. The provisions of this Section 12
shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. If Builder fails to acquire or to exercise all of
its rights to acquire all of the Homesites pursuant to this Agreement, or if this Agreement is terminated prior to Builder having acquired all of the Homesites, Builder shall: (i) to the extent legally assignable, execute all documents
necessary to assign the Development Work Product to Owner (the parties agree and acknowledge, however, that such assignment to Owner shall be non-exclusive if Builder has acquired one or more of the Homesites,
with Builder also being entitled to use the Development Work Product with respect to such acquired Homesites) and take all actions described in this Agreement to then be taken and as otherwise reasonably requested by Owner or Builder to facilitate
Owners and Builders respective continued development and sale of their remaining Homesites; (ii) deliver to Owner, without charge, legible copies or originals of all third party reports, analyses, test results, plans,
specifications, marketing, promotional and advertising materials and other documents (other than pro formas, financial, proprietary, privileged, and other internally generated documents) within the possession of Builder or Contractor that in any
manner relate to the Retained Property; and (iii) within ninety (90) days remove all personal property of Builder from such Retained Property. 

13. Title: Condition of Title. The provisions of this Section 13 shall apply separately with respect
to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. 

13.1 Condition of Title. Subject to and without limiting the Owner Parties obligations under Section 13.4 below, upon a
Closing, title to each Homesite purchased at such Closing shall be conveyed to Builder by deed (each, a Deed) duly executed and acknowledged by Owner and delivered and recorded at the applicable Closing, subject to:
(i) applicable real property taxes and assessments (general, special or other) and for subsequent assessments for prior years due to changes in the use or ownership, or both; (ii) applicable reservations in patents, water rights, claims or
title to water and all easements, rights-of-way, encumbrances, liens, covenants, conditions, restrictions, obligations and liabilities (exclusive, in any event, of any
lien for financing obtained by Owner); (iii) any applicable matters shown on the Final Plat(s) and/or the Approved Plat; (iv) any lien or encumbrance relating to general or special assessments levied against the applicable Homesites by any
federal, state or local governmental or quasi-governmental entity or agency, including any Financing District, from and after the Effective Date and not arising as a result of any act of Owner; (v) any additional matters arising in connection
with the Property due to any action or request of Builder or its employees, contractors, or representatives; (vi) any additional matters existing for any reason other than the act or wrongful omission of Owner that would be disclosed by an
inspection or accurate ALTA/NSPS survey of the applicable Homesites; (vii) any applicable exception to title existing at the time the Property was acquired by Owner or created thereafter for any reason other than an act or wrongful omission of
Owner; and (viii) any exception required by a governmental or quasi-governmental authority in connection with the continued use, development, maintenance or construction of the Property in the manner contemplated by the applicable
Builders Agreements (collectively, the Permitted Exceptions). By way of clarification, any monetary lien or monetary encumbrance first arising on or after the Effective Date which is caused or created by Owner shall
not be a Permitted Exception and shall be discharged by Owner prior to the applicable Closing. The form of Deed shall be modified as necessary to: (1) ensure the Homesites are legally conveyed as contemplated in this Agreement, (2) permit
recordation thereof in the County in which the Property; and (ii) permit issuance to Builder of an extended coverage title policy with respect to such conveyance. 

22 

13.2 Excluded Homesites. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, any
Homesite subject to a title defect other than the Permitted Exceptions shall be deemed an Excluded Homesite and Owner shall have ninety (90) days from receipt of written notice from Builder describing such title defect
within which to cure the same and provide Builder with notice of such cure. Once the title defect has been cured within the above-described ninety (90) day period, however, the Homesite shall no longer be deemed an Excluded Homesite and Builder
must purchase the Homesite as close as possible to the order shown on the Takedown Schedule. If the title defect creating an Excluded Homesite is not cured within ninety (90) days from the date Owner receives notice from Builder of the title
defect pertaining to the Excluded Homesite, Owner shall notify Builder of Owners inability to cure the defect, and Builder, within five (5) business days following receipt of such notice from Owner, shall elect either to (i) waive
the title defect and acknowledge that the Homesite is no longer an Excluded Homesite, or (ii) renounce its right to acquire the Excluded Homesite. If Builder fails either to waive the title defect or renounce its right to acquire the Excluded
Homesite within such five (5) business day period, Builder shall be deemed to have elected to renounce its right to acquire the Excluded Homesite. If Builder renounces, or is deemed to have renounced, its right to acquire an Excluded Homesite
pursuant to the terms of this Section 13.2, such Excluded Homesite shall not be considered in determining whether Builder has acquired all the Homesites (and to extent the defect is not cured, the Excluded Homesite and the
cost allocable to the Excluded Homesite shall be deleted from the calculations of the Monthly Option Payment and the Invested Capital on a go forward basis). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in this Agreement, Owner shall, on or
before a Closing with respect to the Homesite(s) to be conveyed at such Closing and at Owners cost, terminate, remove or cause Escrow Agent to insure over (x) any lien of Owner that does not constitute a Permitted Exception, and/or
(y) any other title matter created by Owners voluntary acts if such title matter is not a Permitted Exception and has either (A) not been approved by Builder, or (B) not been contemplated by any of the Builders Agreements.

13.3 Deed. At Closing, the Deed shall be in the form of a grant deed or warranty deed customary for the State in which the
Property is located and shall be reasonably acceptable to Owner and Builder. At Closing, Owner shall execute and deliver to Builder a Non-Foreign Affidavit, and if required by local law, shall deliver into
Escrow a Transferors state tax withholding certificate in form contemplated by the laws of the State in which the Property is located, a bill of sale and general assignment in the form provided by Builder, separate assignments of applicable
entitlements and recorded agreements if applicable (such as a development agreement), and such other documents or written notices as may be required pursuant to the laws of the State in which the Property is located. In connection with each such
Closing, Owner will convey to Builder, either in the Deed or via separate instrument, access and utility easements over the portion of the Property retained by Owner as are reasonably necessary for the construction, use and sale of Builders
portion of the Property. Upon Builders request, Owner shall convey a Homesite directly to Builders homebuyer or other nominee and execute all escrow and closing documents reasonably related to (or required in connection with) such third
party conveyance. Builder shall be entitled to obtain title insurance policies for each of the Homesites, provided that the acquisition of such insurance shall be at Builders sole expense. All Closing costs, including title premiums, escrow
fees and charges, transfer taxes due upon the recording of the Deed and recording costs shall be paid by Builder, except as otherwise specifically provided in other sections of this Agreement. Additionally, if following Builders acquisition of
all of the Homesites in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Owner still holds legal title to any portion of the Property, including, without limitation, any Common Areas (the Remainder Parcels), Owner shall convey
by quitclaim such Remainder Parcels to, at Builders option, either Builder, the applicable Financing District, and/or the applicable homeowners association. The Parties obligations under this Section shall survive any termination of this
Agreement. 

13.4 Title Claims.In connection with the acquisition of the Properties, the Owner Parties and/or Builder
Parties may have obtained or may in the future obtain title insurance policies (each a Title Policy and, collectively, the Title Policies). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and/or the Builders
Agreements, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Owner Parties do and shall indemnify, defend (through counsel reasonably acceptable to Builder) and hold harmless, the Builder Parties and their respective members, managers, the partners of
its members and managers and their respective owners, officers, directors, employees, and affiliates, for, from and against all Claims arising out of or in connection with any and all matters affecting title to the Property including, without
limitation the following (collectively, the Title Defects): (a) reservations in patents, water rights, claims or title to water and all easements, rights-of-way, encumbrances, liens, covenants, conditions, restrictions, obligations and
liabilities; (b) any applicable matters shown on the Final Plat(s) and/or the Approved Plat; (c) any lien or encumbrance in any way affecting a Property; (d) any additional matters existing for any reason that would be disclosed by an inspection or
accurate ALTA/NSPS survey of the applicable Property; (e) any title matter or condition existing at the time the applicable Title Policy was issued; and/or (f) any other matter, claim or loss covered under any of the Title Policies. Upon request,
the Owner Parties shall cooperate with Builder Parties in submitting and pursuing claims and recovery under the Title Policies with respect to any such Title Defects. The Owner Parties liability under this Section 13.4 shall not exceed and is
expressly limited to the Claims covered under the Title Policies and the Builder Parties shall not be entitled to recover from the Owner Parties amounts in excess of the ultimate recovery under such Title Policies. 

23 

14. Property Condition. Builder acknowledges that Owner makes no
representations or warranties as to (i) the physical condition of the Property or in connection with any matter relating to its condition, value, fitness, use or zoning of the Property; (ii) any operative or proposed governmental laws or
regulations (including, but not limited to, zoning, environmental requirements, and land use laws and regulations) to which the Property may be subject; or (iii) the condition of any improvements or personal property on the Property or with
respect to the presence or absence of any hazardous materials or substances in, at, about or under the Property. Builder agrees that it shall rely solely on its investigation of the Property, and acknowledges that, prior to its entering into this
Agreement, it will have had ample opportunity to fully inspect, examine, study and analyze to its satisfaction all aspects of the Property including, but not limited to, (a) the suitability or condition of the Property for any purpose or its fitness
for any particular use, (b) the profitability and/or feasibility of owning, operating and/or improving the Property, (c) the physical condition of the Property, including, without limitation, the current or former presence or absence of
environmental hazards or hazardous materials, asbestos, radon gas, underground storage tanks, electromagnetic fields, or other substances or condition which may affect the Property or its current or future uses, habitability, value or desirability,
(d) the rentals, income, costs or expenses thereof, (e) the net or gross acreage, usable or unusable, contained therein, (f) the zoning of the Property, (g) the rentable and usable square footage of the improvements, (h) the condition of title,
(i) the compliance by the Property with applicable laws, codes, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, zoning laws, building codes and environmental and similar laws, governing or relating to environmental hazards or hazardous
materials, asbestos, radon gas, underground storage tanks, electromagnetic fields, or other substances or condition which may affect the Property, (j) water or utility availability or use restrictions, (k) geologic/seismic conditions, soil and
terrain stability, compaction, the presence of subsurface cavities and anomalies or drainage, (l) sewer, septic and well systems and components, (m) other neighborhood or Property conditions, including, without limitation, proximity and
adequacy of law enforcement and fire protection, crime statistics, noise or odor from any sources, landfills, proposed future developments, and (n) any other past, present or future matter relating to the Property which may affect the Property or
its current or future use, habitability, value or desirability. On the basis of such opportunity and to induce Owner to enter into this Agreement with Builder, Builder represents and warrants to Owner that (A) Builder is relying solely on
Builders own investigation of the Property and review of such information and documentation in determining whether or not to purchase the Homesites from Owner, (B) any and all information made available to Builder or provided or to be provided
by or on behalf of Owner with respect to the Property was obtained from a variety of sources and Owner has not made any independent investigation or verification of such information and makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of
such information, and (C) Owner does not make any representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever, either express or implied, with respect to the Property or any related matters including, but not limited to, the matters referenced in this
Section 14, and that the Homesites are being sold by Owner to Builder in an AS IS condition. In this regard, Builder also acknowledges that, due to its previous real estate experience as a residential developer,
it is knowledgeable about the effect and impact of an AS IS clause such as set forth in this Section 14. 

24 

15. Commissions. Each party represents and warrants to the other that, except
as may be specifically set forth in the Underlying Purchase Agreement (collectively, the PSA Brokers), it has not employed any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other from all liability and expense arising from any claim by any broker, agent or finder for commissions, finders fees or similar charges, because of any act of such indemnifying party. Builder
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner from all liability and expense arising from any claim by the PSA Brokers. Owner acknowledges that Builder and/or certain of Builders employees, officers and affiliates and constituent partners or
members may be licensed real estate brokers or licensed real estate salespersons in the State. 

16. Regulatory Matters. The
provisions of this Section 16 shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the
Property. 

16.1 Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act. Owner and Builder believe and intend that the sales provided for
herein are exempt from the Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act and any other similar state subdivision laws by reason of being within one or more of the exemptions set forth therein or in the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. In the
support of such exemption, Builder represents and warrants to Owner as follows, which representation and warranty shall be true and correct at all times during the term of this Agreement and shall survive the term of this Agreement: Builder is
regularly engaged in the business of constructing residential, commercial or industrial buildings and/or reselling or leasing lots to persons engaged in such business, is acquiring the Homesites in the ordinary course of that business and otherwise
meets the exemption prerequisites set forth in 15 U.S.C. Section 1702(a)(7) and further defined in 23 C.F.R. Section 1710.5(g) and 23 C.F.R. Section 1710, Appendix A. Builder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner and all
Owner-Related Persons for, from and against any and all Claims incurred as a result of any misrepresentation by Builder in this Section 16.1. 

16.2 State Subdivided Lands Act. Builder shall have the responsibility, at Builders cost and expense, to do all things
necessary to comply in all respects with all applicable subdivision laws and regulationsto permit the sale of Homesites to Builder as contemplated under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the preparation, filing and dissemination
of any disclosures, reports, applications or other documents. Owner shall cooperate with Builder as may be necessary or appropriate, at no cost or liability to Owner, in accomplishing the foregoing. During the Option Term, pursuant to the Power of
Attorney, Builder may execute those documents and agreements and take those actions on behalf of Owner that must be performed by the legal holder of title to the Property in connection with the foregoing. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, Owner shall have no obligation hereunder to convey Homesites to Builder in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. 

25 

16.3 Moratorium. Builder acknowledges that the imposition of a moratorium by
any governmental agency or other restriction upon the development of the Property for residential purposes shall be at Builders sole risk, and accordingly, Builder agrees that the imposition of a moratorium shall not extend the date of any
Takedowns under this Agreement. 

16.4 Environmental Laws. Subject in all respects to the limitations on Builders
liability following an Option Termination set forth in Section 9.1, prior to the Option Termination Date, Builder shall have the responsibility at Builders cost and expense, to comply with all Federal, State and local
environmental laws, regulations and requirements pertaining to the ownership, development and operation of the Property and to comply with all applicable pollution prevention, control, monitoring, reporting, inspection and permitting conditions and
requirements related thereto; provided, however that Builders obligations under this sentence shall survive the Option Termination with respect to any Homesites acquired by Builder. Owner has acquired the Property based upon Builders
representation that Builder has fully investigated the Property for any Hazardous Substances. Builder warrants to Owner that to Builders actual knowledge after undertaking the level of diligence contemplated in
Section 19.4 and except as disclosed in the environmental reports and other written disclosures made available to Owner by Builder, there are no Hazardous Substances currently existing on, in or under the Property, or that
are a threat to be released onto or under the Property from sources either on the Property or off the Property. Builder hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Owner and the Owner-Related Persons harmless from and against any and all Claims
suffered or incurred by Owner or any of the Owner-Related Persons as a result of any Hazardous Substance (i) existing on, in or under the Property as of the date of this Agreement and/or the Option Termination Date; (ii) subsequently
released or discharged onto, in or under the Property or improvements thereon from sources existing on or off the Property; or (iii) released or discharged onto, in or under the Property or improvements thereon by Builder, Contractor or their
respective contractors, subcontractors or sub-tier subcontractors during the course of development of the Property. The liability of Builder as set forth in the preceding sentence includes, without limitation,
the cost of, or liability for, investigation, clean-up or remediation (to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations related to residential development) of environmental damage; with respect to
Retained Property only, any damages resulting in diminution in value or adverse effect on the marketability of the Retained Property or any portion thereof; any fees, penalties, interest, assessments, judgments or other liabilities arising from any
laws relating to Hazardous Substances; any liabilities for property damage, personal injury, injury to natural resources, and consequential damages; and any amounts expended by Owner or any of the Owner-Related Persons to settle or compromise any
claim or allegation of liability arising out of Hazardous Substances existing on, in or under the Property as of the date of this Agreement and/or the Option Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnity contained in this
Section 16.4 shall not relate to any matter caused by the negligence or willful misconduct or acts of Owner or any of the Owner-Related Persons. As used herein, Hazardous Substances means
(x) any chemical, compound, material, mixture or substance that is now or hereafter defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to or regulated by, any laws, regulations, rules or orders, including, but not limited to, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. Sections 9601 et seq.) the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C.
Section 1251, et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. Section 300, et seq.), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.), the Toxic Substance Control Act (15 U.S.C. Section 2601, et
seq.), and any other applicable federal, state or local environmental or environmental protection law or regulation defining or listing materials as hazardous, toxic, infectious, carcinogenic or otherwise injurious to human health or the
environment, except for small quantities of such materials present on the Property in retail containers or other materials used in the ordinary course of development and construction activities in compliance with all environmental requirements and
environmental laws; (y) asbestos; (z) PCBs; (aa) radioactive materials; and (bb) any petroleum or petrochemical substances. Each of the obligations of this Section 16.4 shall survive any acquisition of the Property by
Builder and any expiration or termination of the Option, as provided in Section 23.11. 

26 

17. Default and Remedies. The provisions of this
Section 17 shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Any Property
that is subject to a Default (as defined below) is referred to herein as a Defaulted Property. For avoidance of doubt, any Default with respect to one Property shall not be deemed a Default with respect to any other
Property. In the event of a Default, the non-Defaulting party may pursue remedies only with respect to the Defaulted Property. 

17.1 Default. The occurrence of any of the following events with respect to a Property shall constitute a default
(Default) under this Agreement: 

(a) The failure by either party to pay any sum of money (excluding the payment
of any applicable Takedown Price) when due as provided in this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of ten (10) business days after the delivery of written notice thereof by the other party (a Payment
Default); provided, however, that for avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver the Monthly Option Payment with respect to a Property shall not be a Default or breach of this Agreement and, in such event, Owner shall be entitled to
terminate the Option with respect to such Property only as provided in this Agreement; 

(b) Any Owner Partys failure to convey a
Property (or portion thereof) to a Builder Party as and when required under this Agreement (including as and when required pursuant to Section 17.3 below) if such failure continues for a period of ten (10) days after the delivery of written notice
to the applicable Owner Party(ies) (a Conveyance Default Notice) demanding such conveyance (a Conveyance Default). 

(c) The failure by Owner or Builder to perform any other material covenant or agreement as provided in this Agreement or the Program
Acquisition Agreement and such failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice thereof by the other party (provided that if the failure of performance cannot be cured within such thirty (30) day period but cure
is commenced within that period and thereafter is diligently prosecuted to completion, then no Default shall be deemed to have occurred); 

(d) Builders inability, refusal or other failure to keep the Property free of all mechanics, materialmens and other liens
(other than those liens caused by Owner which are not Permitted Exceptions), except such liens which Builder in good faith, is contesting and, at its expense, is defending itself and Owner against, provided that Builder (i) has agreed to pay
and satisfy any adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof against Owner or the Property, and (ii) has provided within thirty (30) days after Builder becomes aware of the filing of such lien a surety bond
which under State law is sufficient to cause the lien to be removed as an encumbrance on the Property or has provided to Owner a Parent guaranty (or other acceptable security satisfactory to Owner) in an amount at least equal to such contested lien,
claim or demand indemnifying Owner against liability for the same and holding the Property free from the effect of any lien; 

27 

(e) Any attempt by builder or Owner to make or suffer to be made any encumbrance,
assignment or other transfer of this Agreement or any right or interest hereunder without the other partys prior written consent (which consent may be withheld in Builders or Owners sole and absolute discretion), whether voluntary
or involuntary, or by, or pursuant to, court order or legal process or otherwise; or 

(f) The inaccuracy in any material respect of any
material representation or warranty given by Owner, Builder or Contractor under the Builders Agreements. 

Notwithstanding any provision contained
herein, the failure by Builder to exercise the Option shall not constitute a Default and Owner shall have no cause of action (including no right to pursue specific performance) against Builder as a result of Builder failing to exercise the Option or
electing to terminate the Option. 

17.2 Remedies. 

(a) In the event of a Default hereunder by any Owner Party, Builder may elect to (i) terminate this Agreement with respect the Defaulted
Property (subject to Owners rights and Builder obligations under Sections 9.1 and 9.2 and any other obligations of Builder or Owner that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement), (ii) recover all damages (including
consequential, indirect, exemplary or punitive damages) for Owners Default or other breach of this Agreement, (iii) file an action to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief; (iv) file an action to specifically enforce the Owner
Parties obligations hereunder (including to specifically enforce the obligation to convey any Property (or applicable portion thereof) to the Builder Parties as and when required under this Agreement), it being understood and agreed that the
Homesites are unique and that the right of specific performance is a just and equitable remedy on account of Owners Default; (v) withhold all Monthly Option Payments in respect of any Defaulted Property (such payments Suspended
Option Payments); and/or (vi) purchase the Defaulted Property (a Default Purchase) or any portion thereof for an amount equal to the Invested Capital for such Defaulted Property attributable to the
portion to be purchased and reduced by any amounts owed to the Builder or Contractor by Owner including, without limitation, amounts payable to Builder or Contractor under the Construction Agreement. In addition, in the event of a Conveyance
Default, a Payment Default by any Owner Party and/or any Owner Parties failure to pay to Builder or Contractor amounts due and owing under the Construction Agreement, the Builder Parties shall have the immediate right, without penalty and
without further notice, to stop payment of all Monthly Option Payments for all Properties (the Abated Option Payments). The cessation of Monthly Option Payments shall not be considered a default or breach under the terms of
this Agreement or the other Builders Agreements and all Options shall continue in full force and effect. If and when the Owner Parties cure all Conveyance Defaults and Payment Defaults, the Builder Parties shall resume making Monthly Option
Payments effective as of the first day of the calendar month following such cure. Any Abated Option Payments and/or Suspended Option Payments shall be fully abated and waived and, notwithstanding any Owner Parties subsequent cure, the Builder
Parties shall have no obligation to make the Abated Option Payments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing remedies, and in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity, Builder shall: (i) be entitled to record a lis
pendens against the Property in connection with the pursuit of any remedy; and; (ii) have an express right of offset, whereby Builder may offset against amounts payable under this Agreement any amounts owed to Builder or Contractor by Owner
including, without limitation, amounts payable to Builder or Contractor under the Construction Agreement. If a Builder Party is completing a Default Purchase, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Multiparty Agreement,
or any other agreement, the Builder Parties shall not be required to Bulk Purchase any other Properties within the same Pool, it being acknowledged and agreed that in such event the Builder Parties ability to consummate a Default
Purchase is not contingent upon the Builder Parties consummating the Bulk Purchase of any other Property. 

The Owner Parties acknowledge
and agree that (a) a Conveyance Default or threatened Conveyance Default by the Owner Parties would give rise to irreparable harm to the Builder Parties for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and (b) upon the occurrence of any
uncured Conveyance Default, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to the Builder Parties at law, in equity or otherwise, the applicable Builder Parties shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunction,
specific performance (including compelling the Owner Parties to convey the subject Property at a price and pursuant to such terms as agreed under this Agreement) and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction,
without requirement to (i) post a bond or other security or (ii) prove actual damages or that monetary damages will not afford adequate remedy. The Owner Parties agree that they will not oppose or otherwise challenge the appropriateness of equitable
relief or the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting such equitable relieve, in each case, consistent with the terms of this Section 17.2 and Section 17.3 below. 

28 

(b) Subject to Section 17.3 below, in the event of a Default hereunder by Builder,
Owner shall be entitled to pursue any right or remedy available at law or equity with respect to the Defaulted Property, including, without limitation, the right to (i) terminate the Option for the Defaulted Property, and/or terminate the
Construction Agreement with respect to the Defaulted Property; (ii) retain any Option consideration paid by Builder hereunder with respect to the Defaulted Property; and/or (iii) recover damages for Default or other breach of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Owner have the right to: (A) recover consequential, indirect, exemplary or punitive damages under this Agreement; and/or (B) to seek or pursue an action for specific performance
of Builders acquisition of Homesites. 

(c) Except as provided in Section 17.2(a), nothing herein shall limit any
partys rights and remedies under the Builders Agreements and/or the Founders Rights Agreement. All such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

17.3 Disputes. The parties acknowledge that there may be a dispute under this Agreement and/or the other Builders
Agreements including, without limitation a dispute concerning the occurrence of a Conveyance Default or other breach or default, the continued existence of the Option, and/or the timely and proper exercise of such Option (a
Dispute). In the event of any such Dispute, the following provisions shall apply: 

(a) The Owner Parties shall
in all cases continue to convey the Properties (or applicable portions thereof) to the applicable Builder Parties provided the Builder Party is requesting conveyance of such Property (or applicable portion thereof) at the agreed-upon Takedown Price
and pursuant to the applicable Takedown Schedule (as amended or extended pursuant to this Agreement) (a Valid Option Exercise). For avoidance of doubt, any Owner Partys failure to convey under this section within ten
(10) days of delivery of a Conveyance Default Notice (the Conveyance Cure Period) shall be deemed a Conveyance Default under this Agreement. 

(b) If an Owner Party alleges in good faith that a Builder Party does not have the right to purchase Homesites solely because an Option has
terminated pursuant to an Owner Partys exercise of its Cross Termination Right under a Multiparty Agreement (a Multiparty Dispute), then the Owner Party must notify the Builder Parties of this claim prior
to the end of the Conveyance Cure Period. Even in the event of such a Multiparty Dispute, the Owner Party shall be required to sell and convey the Property (or applicable portion thereof) to the applicable Builder Party as provided in Section
17.3(a) above. During the entire course of any such Multiparty Dispute until the date of the resolution or final judgment (such period, the Dispute Period), in order to maintain the applicable Option(s), the Builder Parties shall
continue to pay to the Owner Parties all Monthly Option Payments for the Properties subject to such Multiparty Dispute; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prevent a Builder Party from electing to discontinue or terminate its Option for a
Property in which case it shall have no further obligation to make Monthly Option Payments for the applicable Property. If the Multiparty Dispute is finally resolved in favor of a Builder Party, the Millrose Parties shall to pay the Builder Parties
an amount equal to three times the total aggregate Monthly Option Payments for all Properties paid by the Builder Parties during the Dispute Period (the Builder Recovery Amount). If the Multiparty Dispute is finally
resolved in favor of an Owner Party, the Builder Parties shall to pay the Owner Parties an amount equal to three times the total aggregate Monthly Option Payments received by the Owner Parties for all Lennar Properties during the Dispute Period (the
Owner Recovery Amount). The Founders Rights Agreement similarly provides for the payment of the Builder Recovery Amount or Owner Recovery Amount (as applicable) in the event of a Multiparty Dispute. The Parties agree
that the Builder Recovery Amount or Owner Recovery Amount recovered under this Agreement and Founders Rights Agreement shall be without duplication and, as such, shall not: (i) in the case of the Builder Parties, in the aggregate exceed
the total permitted Builder Recovery Amount; and (ii) in the case of the Owner Parties, in the aggregate exceed the total permitted Owner Recovery Amount. 

(c) If there is Dispute relating to whether a Builder Partys exercise of an Option was a Valid Option Exercise, and the Dispute is not
based solely upon an Owner Partys assertion that it has properly and validly exercised its Cross Termination Right under a Multiparty Agreement it then the provisions of Section 17.3(a) above shall apply. However, subject to
Owners continuing obligation to convey properties in accordance with Section 17.3(a), the Owner Parties may seek other available remedies for the alleged breach by the Builder Parties in a court of law or through any other
agreed-upon dispute resolution process. 

(d) Subject to Section 17.3(b), nothing herein shall limit any partys rights and
remedies set forth in the Founders Rights Agreement and all such remedies are cumulative. 

17.4 Termination of Option.
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Option or this Agreement with respect to a Property for any reason other than Owners Default, Owner shall retain the Option Payment that was delivered for such Property in accordance with
Section 1.6(a); provided, however, that if the termination is due to a default on the part of Owner, Builder shall have the rights and remedies described in Section 17.2(a) and
Section 17.3 including, without limitation, the right to recover damages including, without limitation, the Option Payment, monthly Option Payments, and all Expenses. 

17.5 Default Interest. If any monies become payable by one party to the other pursuant to this Agreement and are not paid when
due, then all sums unpaid shall bear interest at the rate equal to the lesser of (a) the Applicable Rate for the applicable Property plus five percent (5%), or (b) the maximum amount permitted by law (the Default
Rate) per annum from the date due until such sums (and all interest accrued thereon) have been paid. The parties acknowledge that late payment by one party to the other will cause the receiving party to incur costs not contemplated by
the terms of this Agreement, the exact amount of such costs being difficult and impracticable to assess. The parties agree that the interest rate imposed on such late payment pursuant to this Section 17.5 represents a
reasonable rate of interest considering all of the circumstances existing as of the date of this Agreement and represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs that the receiving party will incur by reason of such late payment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if such rate of interest as provided above exceeds the maximum permissible rate of interest allowed under applicable law, then the maximum rate of interest to be charged hereunder as default interest shall be the highest lawful
contractual rate allowed by law. 

29 

17.6 Waiver. Excuse or waiver of the performance by the other party of any
obligation under this Agreement shall only be effective if evidenced by a written statement signed by the party so excusing. No delay in exercising any right or remedy shall constitute a waiver thereof, and no waiver by Owner or Builder of the
breach of any covenant of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other covenant or condition of this Agreement. 

18. Representations and Warranties of Owner. Owner Parties hereby make the following representations and warranties to Builder
Parties as of the Agreement Date, and shall be deemed to remake same as of each Effective Date and the date of each Closing: 

18.1
Authority. Each Owner Party has the full right, power and authority under its formation documents to sell and/or convey the Homesites to the Builder Parties as provided in this Agreement and Owner Parties will have throughout the term
of this Agreement the full right, power and authority under their respective formation documents to carry out their respective obligations hereunder. No additional approvals, authorizations or consents are required under Owner Parties
formation documents for Owner Parties to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Owner Parties and is enforceable in accordance with its terms against Owner Parties, subject only to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable principles affecting or limiting the rights of contracting parties generally. 

18.2 Individual Authority. The person(s) executing this Agreement and all documents related thereto on behalf of Owner Parties
has and will have authority to do so; provided, however, that in no event shall such person(s) have personal liability hereunder. 

18.3
No Liens. There are no judgments or other encumbrances against Owner Parties that will attach to and become a lien against any of the Properties or Homesites. During the term of this Agreement and except for Owners senior
financing described in Section 23.17, Owner Parties will not grant any liens against the Properties or the Homesites, except to the extent that such liens are Permitted Exceptions. 

18.4 Litigation. There is no litigation, arbitration or reference proceeding pending, or to Owners knowledge threatened,
against Owner Parties which if decided against Owner Parties would materially and adversely affect Owner Parties ability to carry out their respective obligations hereunder and under the other Builders Agreements. 

18.5 Patriot Act Compliance. No Owner Party nor any person, group, entity or nation that any Owner Party is acting, directly or
indirectly for, or on behalf of, is named by any Executive Order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism) or the United
States Treasury Department as a terrorist, Specially Designated National and Blocked Person, or is otherwise a banned or blocked person, group, entity or nation pursuant to any Law that is enforced or administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control, and Owner Parties are not engaging in the Closing(s), directly or indirectly, on behalf of, or instigating or facilitating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, directly or indirectly, on behalf of, any such
person, group, entity or nation. 

18.6 Financial Condition. Owner Parties have the financial ability to perform their
obligations hereunder and under the Construction Agreement. No insolvency proceeding or petition in bankruptcy or for the appointment of a receiver has been filed by or, to Owner Parties knowledge, against any Owner Party (nor is any Owner
Party contemplating any such filing), Owner Parties have not made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors and Owner Parties have not failed generally to pay their debts as they become due. 

18.7 No Conflicts. The execution, performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
conflict with or, with or without notice or the passage of time (or both), result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, (A) the organizational documents (i.e., the Operating Agreement, Certificate or
Articles of Formation, Bylaws or other comparable organizational documents) of any Owner Party, and (B) any agreement, instrument or judicial decree to which any Owner Party is a party. 

30 

19. Representations and Warranties of Builder. Builder Parties hereby make the
following representations and warranties to Owner as of the Agreement Date and shall be deemed to remake same as of each Effective Date and the date of each Closing: 

19.1 Authority. The applicable Builder Party has the full right, power and authority to purchase the Homesites from Owner as
provided in this Agreement and each Builder Party will have throughout the term of this Agreement the full right, power and authority to carry out its respective obligations hereunder. Neither the execution nor delivery of this Agreement nor the
performance or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will result in any breach of or constitute a default under or conflict with any agreement, covenant or obligation binding upon the Builder Parties. No additional
approvals, authorizations or consents are required under Builder Parties formation documents for the Builder Parties to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Builder Parties and is
enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Builder Parties, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws or equitable principles affecting or limiting the rights of contracting parties
generally. 

19.2 Individual Authority. The person(s) executing this Agreement and all documents related thereto on behalf of
the Builder Parties has and will have authority to do so, provided, however, that in no event shall such person(s) have personal liability hereunder. 

19.3 Litigation. As of the Agreement Date, there is no litigation, arbitration or reference proceeding pending, or to Builder
Parties knowledge threatened, against Builder Parties which if decided against Builder would materially and adversely affect the Builder Parties ability to carry out their respective obligations hereunder and under the other
Builders Agreements. 

19.4 Due Diligence. The applicable Builder Party has conducted, prepared and performed such
examinations of the Property and all improvements thereon as such Builder Party deems necessary or appropriate for its intended use. In conducting its examinations, such Builder Party has exercised the care, skill, prudence and diligence under the
known circumstances in a manner consistent with its standard practices for the acquisition of property for its own account. 

19.5
Patriot Act Compliance. No Builder Party nor any person, group, entity or nation that any Builder Party is acting, directly or indirectly for, or on behalf of, is named by any Executive Order (including the September 24, 2001,
Executive Order blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism) or the United States Treasury Department as a terrorist, Specially Designated National and Blocked Person,
or is otherwise a banned or blocked person, group, entity or nation pursuant to any Law that is enforced or administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and Builder Parties are not engaging in the Closing(s), directly or indirectly, on
behalf of, or instigating or facilitating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, directly or indirectly, on behalf of, any such person, group, entity or nation. 

19.6 Financial Condition. Each Builder Party and Contractor has the financial ability to perform its respective obligations
hereunder and under the Construction Agreement. No insolvency proceeding or petition in bankruptcy or for the appointment of a receiver has been filed by or, to Builders knowledge, against the Builder Parties or Contractor or Parent (nor is
Builder, Contractor or Parent contemplating any such filing), no Builder Party nor Contractor nor Parent has made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors and no Builder Party nor Contractor nor Parent has failed generally to pay its
debts as they become due. 

31 

19.7 No Conflicts. The execution, performance and consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not conflict with or, with or without notice or the passage of time (or both), result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, (A) the organizational
documents (i.e., the Operating Agreement, Certificate or Articles of Formation, Bylaws or other comparable organizational documents) of Builder, and (B) any agreement, instrument or judicial decree to which Builder is a party. 

20. Condemnation. The provisions of this Section 20 shall apply separately with respect to each
Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Within ten (10) days following receipt by Owner of any written notice of an existing or
threatened legal proceeding that could result in the taking of all or any of the Homesites not yet acquired by Builder or any portion thereof under the power of eminent domain or the conveyance by Owner under the threat thereof (each, a
Condemnation), Owner shall give Builder written notice of such existing or threatened Condemnation action together with an indication of the Homesites affected thereby (the Condemned Homesites).
Regardless of anything contained in the Takedown Schedule to the contrary, after Owner delivers to Builder written notice of a Condemnation together with an indication of the Condemned Homesites affected thereby during the Option Term, Builder must
acquire all of such Condemned Homesites (or, if applicable, all Homesites in the Takedown Group(s) in which such Condemned Homesites are included) for the applicable Takedown Price prior to Builders acquisition of any other Homesites provided
Owner shall assign, convey or transfer any and all rights to any compensation, claims, causes of action and proceeds related to the Condemned Homesites to Builder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any title matters
pertaining to any such Condemnation shall be deemed to be Permitted Exceptions. The foregoing shall not alter the number of Homesites required to be purchased by Builder in any of the Option Periods to prevent a termination of the Option. 

21. Models Homes. The provisions of this Section 21 shall apply separately with respect to each
Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. The parties acknowledge that Builder intends to construct model homes to assist in the
marketing of Builders product to potential homebuyers (individually, each a Model Home and collectively, the Model Homes). The Model Homes shall be constructed on Homesites within the
Property identified in the Takedown Schedule or as otherwise designated by Builder (individually, each a Model Home Homesite and collectively, the Model Home Homesites) (unless otherwise indicated
to the contrary, any reference herein to a Model Home shall include the corresponding Model Home Homesite). Builder shall acquire the Model Home Homesites in accordance with this Agreement, subject to the rights of Builder to commence vertical
construction of residences on and subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

32 

22. Utility Deposits. The provisions of this
Section 22 shall apply separately with respect to each Property. References to Owner or Builder shall refer, respectively, to the Owner Party and Local Builder executing the Addendum applicable to the Property. Builder
shall be responsible for all deposits, fees and charges (collectively, Utility Deposits) required by any utility company or agency in connection with the construction or installation by Builder of the Subdivision
Improvements all in accordance with (and subject to) the terms and conditions in the Construction Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent paid by Builder and not otherwise credited against the purchase of
any Homesites, Builder shall be entitled to all utility refunds, returned Utility Deposits, credits and discounts of any nature, and the parties (at no cost or liability to Owner) shall execute such assignment documents as may be required by the
applicable governmental or quasi-governmental authorities so that Builder may demonstrate its right to obtain such utility refunds, returned Utility Deposits, credits and discounts; provided, however, that Owner has no obligation or responsibility
to build houses or any other improvements on any Homesites not purchased by Builder or to take any other actions. 

23.
Miscellaneous. 

23.1 Notices. No notice, consent, approval or other communication provided for herein or given
in connection herewith shall be validly given, made, delivered or served unless it is in writing and delivered personally, sent by reputable overnight courier (such as Fed Ex or UPS), or sent by e-mail
transmission (with confirmation of successful transmission and/or acknowledgement of receipt), to: 

Owner at: 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

Builder at: 

U.S. HOME, LLC, LENNAR

HOMES HOLDINGS, LLC,
and

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email:
[redacted]

With a copy to: 

Deverich & Gillman LLP

[redacted]

Attn.: [redacted]

Telephone: [redacted]

Email:
[redacted]

or to such other addresses as any party hereto may from time to time designate in writing and deliver in a like manner to the
other party and Escrow Agent. Notices, consents, approvals, and communications shall be deemed given and received upon delivery to the respective addresses set forth above, if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier, or upon successful e-mail transmission to the addresses set forth above. The inability to deliver because of a changed address of which no notice was given, or any rejection or other refusal to accept any notice, shall be deemed to be
the receipt of the notice as of the date of such inability to deliver or rejection or refusal to accept. Any notice to be given by any party hereto may be given by legal counsel for such party. 

33 

23.2 Memorandum of Option and Termination. Upon the Effective Date of each
Addendum: (a) the appliable Owner Party and applicable Builder Party shall execute and acknowledge a Memorandum of Option Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (the Memo of
Option) for the purpose of recording the same in the Official Records, and (b) the applicable Builder Party shall execute and deliver to Escrow Agent a Notice of Termination of Option in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
H (the Notice of Termination) releasing any and all interests of Builder in the Unpurchased Homesites. The Memo of Option shall be recorded against the Property immediately following execution
of this Agreement with respect to the Initial Properties and otherwise concurrently with the Owner Partys acquisition of Future Properties. The forms of Memo of Option and Notice of Termination shall be modified as necessary to ensure their
effectiveness and recordation in the County in which the Property is located. If a Builder Party does not acquire all of the Homesites on a Property in accordance with this Agreement, or if the Option for a Property is terminated due to
Builders Default under this Agreement, Owner may, after delivering ten (10) business days written notice to Builder, (i) attach to the Notice of Termination the legal description of the Unpurchased Homesites on the applicable
Property (but not for any other Property for which the Option remains in effect); and (ii) cause Escrow Agent to record the Notice of Termination of Option. In addition, at the time of the termination of the Option, at Owners reasonable
request, Builder shall also execute and record any other documents evidencing such termination. Owner hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Builder harmless for, from and against any and all loss, costs, liability or expense suffered or incurred by
Builder should the Notice of Termination be recorded by or at the direction of Owner in violation of the terms and requirements of this Section. 

23.3 Interpretation; Conflicts. The captions of the Sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not govern or
influence the interpretation hereof. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between the parties and, accordingly, shall not be construed for or against either party regardless of which party drafted this Agreement or any portion thereof. In
the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Founders Rights Agreement, the terms of the Founders Rights Agreement shall be controlling. 

23.4 Successors and Assigns. All of the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and
permitted assigns of the Owner Parties and Builder Parties. The Builder Parties and Owner Parties shall not have the right to assign, pledge, hypothecate, or encumber their respective interest hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
parties, and any such assignment without consent shall be void ab initio. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Builder Parties may assign their rights and obligations hereunder without Owners consent to any of the following:
(i) any other Builder Parties including, without limitation, any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of Parent, or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization, and/or sale of all or substantially all of any
Builder Parties assets provided that Builder shall promptly notify Owner of any such assignment. In connection with any assignment, pledge, participation, transfer or delegation, Builder may disclose to the assignee, pledgee, participant,
transferee or delegee or proposed assignee, pledgee, participant, transferee or delegee, as the case may be, any information relating to this Agreement and Owner. All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Builder,
shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of Owner. 

34 

23.5 No Partnership. It is not intended by this Agreement to, and nothing
contained in this Agreement shall, create any partnership or joint venture or other arrangement or lender-borrower relationship between Owner and Builder. No term or provision of this Agreement is intended to, or shall, be for the benefit of any
person, firm, corporation or other entity not a Builder Party or an Owner Party (including, without limitation, any broker), and no such person, firm, corporation or other shall have any right or cause of action hereunder. 

23.6 Entire Agreement. The Master Agreement, this Agreement, the Founders Rights Agreement, the Addenda, the Program
Acquisition Agreement, the Construction Agreement, and the Multiparty Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between, and the reasonable expectations of, the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and thereof. All prior and
contemporaneous agreements, representations and understandings of the parties, oral or written, are hereby superseded and merged herein. No change or addition is to be made to this Agreement except by a written agreement executed by an Owner Party
and a Builder Party. 

23.7 Further Documents. Builder and Owner shall execute and deliver all such documents and perform all
such acts as reasonably requested by the other party from time to time, prior to and following each Closing, to carry out the matters contemplated by this Agreement. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

23.8 Incorporation of Exhibits and Schedules. All exhibits and schedules attached to this Agreement are by this reference
incorporated herein. 

23.9 Date of Performance. If the date of performance of any obligation or the last day of any time
period provided for herein should fall on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, then the obligation shall be due and owing, and the time period shall expire, on the first day thereafter which is not a Saturday, Sunday, legal holiday. Unless otherwise
stated, all references in this Agreement to days shall refer to calendar days. Business days shall be defined to mean all days except Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays. In addition, if the date of performance of any obligation hereunder is
contingent upon recordation of a document in the County Recorders Office and the County Recorders Office is closed, then such obligation shall be due, and the time period shall expire, on the first day after the re-opening of the County Recorders Office. Except as may otherwise be set forth herein, any performance provided for herein shall be timely made if completed no later than 5:00 p.m. (local time in the State),
on the day of performance. The funds required from Builder and all acts required of Builder in order to close the Escrows pursuant hereto shall be deposited with Escrow Agent and be performed no later than 1:00 p.m. (local time in the applicable
State), on each Closing Date and shall be available for immediate distribution to Owner at each Closing. 

23.10
Builders Interest. The parties acknowledge and agree that Builders interest in the Homesites shall be strictly limited to the option interests expressly described herein and it is the intent of
the parties that, unless and until Builder exercises its rights to purchase the Homesites as described herein, Builder shall have no fee interest in the Homesites, equitable or otherwise, and that fee title to the Homesites shall be held by Owner.

35 

23.11 Survival. Unless expressly provided to the contrary herein, it is agreed
that all of the terms, conditions, provisions, obligations and indemnities contained in this Agreement shall survive each and every exercise of the Option, and the Closing of the sale of any Homesite and the recordation of any Deed pursuant thereto,
so that all such obligations and indemnities shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. All of the obligations and indemnities contained in this Agreement which by their terms expressly survive
the expiration, cancellation or termination of the Option and/or this Agreement, shall so survive the expiration, cancellation or termination of the Option and/or this Agreement, so that all such obligations and indemnities shall continue to be
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. In addition, all obligations of Owner or Builder to be performed by Owner or Builder after the termination of the Option or this Agreement shall survive for all purposes.

23.12 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of this Agreement. 

23.13 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State in which the
Property is located and any action related to such enforcement may be brought in any State or Federal court within the State in which the Property is located (the Courts of the Applicable State). Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Owner and Builder acknowledge and agree that any action relating to Builders enforcement of a specific performance action of the conveyance of Homesites or other similar action relating to the creation, perfection or transfer of
interests in real, personal or intangible property shall be brought in the Courts of the Applicable State having jurisdiction over the Property. 

23.14 No Third Party Beneficiary. Builders covenants set forth in this Agreement are solely for the benefit of Owner and
shall be enforceable by no other individual or entity. 

23.15 Counterparts. This Agreement shall be executed simultaneously
or in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The parties may also deliver executed copies of this Agreement to each other by facsimile or by electronic copy
(e.g. pdf) including by electronic signature (e.g., www.docusign.com), which facsimile or electronic signatures shall be binding as if they were originals. 

23.16 Recharacterization. It is recognized that Owner and Builder are sophisticated real estate entities with substantial
experience in the residential home building industry and are advised by experienced legal counsel. It is the intent of Owner and Builder that the transaction described in this Agreement be treated as an option on the part of the Builder to acquire
Homesites. It is the intent of the parties that the Construction Agreement be treated as a separate construction contract subject to all of the laws, statutes, rules and regulations applicable to such agreements. Accordingly, except as expressly
provided for herein or in the Construction Agreement, the relationship of the parties in connection with this Agreement is independent of the relationship of the parties under the Construction Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be
interpreted independent of the provisions of the Construction Agreement. Nevertheless and without in any way consenting to a recharacterization of this Agreement, if this Agreement or the transaction described herein is ever characterized as a
financing transaction such that Builder is deemed to have equitable title to the Homesites held by Owner and Owner is deemed to have only a security interest therein, Builder hereby grants, transfers and assigns to Owner, its successors and assigns,
in trust, with power of sale and right of reentry and possession, all of their respective equitable interest in such Homesites subject to Builders option to purchase such Homesites in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (but not
any Homesites acquired by Builder pursuant to the terms hereof). The intent of this grant is that in the event of such recharacterization and in the event of a Default by Builder hereunder, Owner will be entitled to foreclose pursuant to a
nonjudicial trustees sale procedure or the provisions of law for foreclosure of a mortgage. Further, in the event of such recharacterization and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all agreements between Builder and
Owner are hereby expressly limited so that in no event whatsoever shall the total liability for payments in the nature of interest and other charges exceed the applicable limits imposed by the usury laws of the State in which the Property is
located. If any payments in the nature of interest and other charge made hereunder are held to be in excess of the applicable limits imposed by the usury laws of the State in which the Property is located, it is agreed that any such amount held to
be in excess shall be considered payment of principal hereunder, and any indebtedness evidenced hereby shall be reduced by such amount so that the total liability for payments in the nature of interest and other charges shall not exceed the
applicable limits imposed by the usury laws of the State in which the Property is located. 

36 

23.17 Subordination Agreement. Owner may obtain one or more loans to acquire,
own and/or construct improvements on the Properties (each, a Loan) and such Loan(s) may be secured by a deed of trust or mortgage against the Properties. Builder agrees to reasonably cooperate with Owner in such endeavor at
no out of pocket cost or expense to Builder other than in connection with the negotiation of either of the documents contemplated in this Section 23.17; provided, however that Owner shall be solely responsible for obtaining
such financing, and it is expressly acknowledged that obtaining such financing is not a condition precedent to Owners obligations under this Agreement. In connection therewith, if the lender providing any such Loan requires the Option for any
Property to be subordinate to its Loan, Builder agrees to execute upon Owners request an Assignment and Subordination of Option Agreement with related Consent to Assignment, Non-Disturbance and
Recognition Agreement (collectively Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Recognition Agreement) in favor of Owners senior lender in a form reasonably acceptable to Builder. If
such lender does not require the Option to be subordinate to its Loan, Builder agrees to execute upon Owners request an Assignment of Option Agreement and Construction Contract in favor of Owners senior lender in a form reasonably
acceptable to Builder (the Lenders Assignment); provided, however, that as a condition to Builders execution of such Subordination,
Non-Disturbance and Recognition Agreement or the Lenders Assignment, the documents shall include provisions: (i) that require the lender of the Loan and its successors in interest
(Lender) following the exercise of any remedies it is afforded under the documents for such Loan to recognize Builders rights to acquire the Property in accordance with all of the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement; (ii) that Lender agrees to honor (and upon the direct or indirect acquisition of the Property perform Owners obligations under) this Agreement, the Construction Agreement and the other and the Builders Agreements and
Builders rights under this Agreement and Contractors rights under the Construction Agreement; (iii) Lender irrevocably agrees to release from the lien(s) securing its Loan the Homesites purchased by Builder upon its exercise of its
Option and payment of the applicable Takedown Price (reduced by any amounts to be credited in accordance with this Agreement, the Construction Agreement or the other Builders Agreements); (iv) Lender irrevocably agrees to recognize and not
disturb Builders rights under this Agreement and Contractors rights under the Construction Agreement, including, without limitation, Builders right to acquire Homesites consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(v) Lender shall give Builder written notice of any default by Owner under the Loan at the same time such notice is given to Owner and shall grant to Builder the right to purchase the Loan upon payment of all amounts due and owing by Owner
under such Loan in connection with any such default; and (vi) if requested by Builder and for no consideration due to Lender, Lender shall (A) execute any Property-related documents that are to be signed by Owner (e.g., Final Plat(s)), (B)
release from the liens securing the Loan any Common Areas or streets created or dedicated in connection with the development of the Property, and (C) subordinate the lien(s) securing the Loan to any easement or Declaration granted or created in
connection with the development of the Property. If Lender and Builder do not enter into such an agreement, then the Option and the Memo of Option shall be senior to any lien or mortgage entered into or recorded on or after the Effective Date. 

37 

23.18 Exculpation and Waiver. Builder agrees that it shall look solely to
Owner and the Owner Parties for the enforcement of any claims against Owner and the Owner Parties arising hereunder or related hereto, and waives any claim against the shareholders of MPI, irrespective of the compliance or noncompliance now or in
the future with any requirements, relating to the limitation of liability of shareholders or other parties. Nothing herein shall limit any Builder Partys rights and remedies under this Agreement against Owner or any of the Owner Parties. In
addition to the foregoing, other than to the extent Owners or any Owner Partys name is required to be utilized on documents that require inclusion of the name of the record holder of the Property, Builder hereby covenants and agrees that
Builder will not use the name or affiliation with Owner in any manner in connection with Builders development, entitlement, and/or financing of the Homesites including, without limitation, the posting of any subdivision bonds necessary for the
development of the Subdivision Improvements. Owner agrees that it shall look solely to Builder for the enforcement of any claims against Builder arising hereunder or related hereto, and waives any claim against the shareholders, members, partners,
officers of Builder, Contractor and/or Parent and investors in such entities, irrespective of the compliance or noncompliance now or in the future with any requirements, relating to the limitation of liability of limited shareholders or other
parties; provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit: (i) the obligations of Parent under the Joinder attached hereto; and/or (ii) any Owner Partys rights and remedies under this Agreement against any of the Builder Parties. 

23.19 Impact of Force Majeure Events. The periods within which Builder must exercise the Option herein granted with respect to
the scheduled Takedown of any of the Homesites in accordance with the Takedown Schedule are separate and apart from Contractors construction and completion obligations set forth in the Construction Agreement. Accordingly, the Takedown Schedule
shall not be adjusted regardless of any delays due to strikes, unavailability of materials, governmental delays, inability to obtain required governmental permits, acts of God or any other matters regardless of whether such matters can or cannot be
anticipated and/or which are outside of the reasonable control of Builder or Contractor. However, Builders deadline for performance of Builders other obligations under this Agreement shall be extended for Force Majeure Items. 

23.20 Waiver of Breaches. A partys waiver of a breach of any of the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by
the other party shall not be construed or held to be a waiver of any succeeding or preceding breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition contained herein. No waiver of any default by a party hereunder shall be implied from any
omission by the other party to take any action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated and no express waiver shall affect a default other than as specified in such waiver. The consent or approval by either party to or of
any act by the other requiring the first partys consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the consenting partys consent or approval to or of any subsequent similar acts by the other party. 

38 

23.21 Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY
TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION: (a) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER BUILDERS AGREEMENTS, INCLUDING ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE MODIFICATION
THEREOF; OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE BUILDERS AGREEMENTS (AS NOW OR HEREAFTER MODIFIED) OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR
AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION IS NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT
OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT
THEY MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

23.22 Confidentiality. Each Owner Party acknowledges and agrees that the
financial information, sales and marketing information, and other similar proprietary information provided to Owner Parties concerning the Properties and/or the operations and approval processes of Builder Parties and Contractor, and their
respective affiliates, (including without limitation, purchase and sale agreements, construction agreements and documents, project proformas, financial projections, market studies, cost analysis, sales and marketing information, and other internal
and third party reports) (collectively, the Confidential Documents and Information) are proprietary and confidential. Each Owner Party agrees to treat all Confidential Documents and Information received from Builder Parties
and their affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates, contractors, consultants, successors and assigns pursuant to this Agreement and/or other Builders Agreements in a confidential manner at all times and Owner
Parties shall use diligence not to disclose any such Confidential Documents and Information to any third parties, other than Owner Parties directors, officers, partners, external managers, affiliates, employees, accountants, attorneys,
lenders, prospective lenders, investors, prospective investors and their investment advisors, investment bankers, underwriters, ratings agencies, partners, consultants and other advisors in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (collectively Representatives), but only if such disclosure is reasonably required to allow Owner Parties to evaluate the Properties in connection with the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Owner Parties may
disclose Confidential Documents and Information to the extent required by any applicable statute, law, regulation or governmental authority, judicial order, legal process or stock exchange listing requirements or in connection with any litigation
that may arise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Program Documents, and/or the Properties. Nothing shall be deemed to be a breach of the foregoing with respect to any information in the public domain at the time
of disclosure (other than through a breach of this provision), or which, after such disclosure, enters into the public domain through no fault of Owner, or information lawfully furnished or disclosed to the recipient party by a non-party to this Agreement without any known obligation of confidentiality. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration or termination of any Option and/or the termination of this Agreement. 

39 

23.23 Partial Invalidity. If any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement
or its application to any person or circumstances shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such term or provisions to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected, and each
term hereof shall be legal, valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless an essential purpose of this Agreement would be defeated by the loss of the illegal, unenforceable, or invalid provision. In the event of such
partial invalidity, the parties shall seek in good faith to agree on replacing any such legally invalid provisions with valid provisions which, in effect, will, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly and fairly approach the effect of the invalid
provision and the intent of the parties in entering into this Agreement. 

40 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement as of the date first
set forth above. 

OWNER:

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.,

a
Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: Millrose Properties, Inc., its sole Member

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

BUILDER:

U.S. HOME, LLC,

A Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

LENNAR HOMES HOLDINGS, LLC, A Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, A Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

41 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOMINATION AGREEMENT 

Exhibit A 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF BUILDER PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

Exhibit B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF ADDENDUM 

Exhibit C-1 

EXHIBIT D 

VERTICAL CONSTRUCTION TERMS 

1. Grant
of License. Owner understands and acknowledges that Builder desires to commence construction of homes on Homesites not yet purchased by Builder pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (the Inventory Homesites) and to
thereafter market such homes and Homesites to the public while such Homesites are Inventory Homesites. To assist Builder in that regard, Owner is willing to and does hereby grant to Builder (and Builders agents, employees, contractors and
subcontractors) a non-exclusive right and license (the License) to enter upon the Inventory Homesites for the limited purpose of: (a) installing basements, slabs and/or stem
walls; and (b) constructing homes thereon (the work described in subsection (b) is Vertical Construction); and (c) marketing such homes and Homesites for sale to the public subject to the terms and conditions
set forth below. 

1.1. Purchase After Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, including
this Exhibit D, within ninety (90) days following termination of the Option, Builder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to purchase any or all Inventory Homesites which it has previously commenced Vertical
Construction. Such purchase shall be subject to all of the same terms and conditions (price, closing costs, title insurance, AS-IS condition, etc.) as would be applicable to such purchase if Builder had
acquired the Homesite(s) during the term of the Option, and Builder shall deliver to Owner a notice to identify all of the Homesites to be acquired and the proposed closing date for such acquisition and, at such Closing, Builder shall deliver all
documents and instruments required to be provided by Builder as contemplated by Section 13 of this Agreement. 

1.2.3. Election of Remedy. If Builder fails to purchase all Homesites within ninety (90) days after termination of the Option,
Builder shall upon Owners request promptly remove all Vertical Construction and restore the applicable Homesite to the condition existing prior to Builders commencement of Vertical Construction. 

1.3. Builder Representations. Upon commencing any grading, site preparation or construction on any Inventory Homesites, Builder shall
be deemed to represent and warrant to Owner that: (i) all insurance to be maintained in compliance with the insurance requirements of Exhibit F of this Agreement is in place; and (ii) Builder has obtained all necessary
agreements, licenses, permits and approvals from all applicable Approving Authorities. 

1.4. Following Commencement. 

1.4.1. Once Vertical Construction has Commenced on the Property, Builder shall, upon Owners request provide Owner with all information
reasonably requested by Owner relating to the construction on the applicable Homesites. Such information may be delivered by email to Owners representative who requested such information. 

1.4.2. Prior to marketing any of the Homesites for sale to the public, Builder shall obtain an appropriate public report and post all bonds
required in connection therewith and otherwise comply with all applicable subdivision laws and regulations. 

Exhibit D-1 

1.5. General Terms. 

1.5.1. Except as otherwise provided in the Construction Agreement, all costs of any work and activity on the Inventory Homesites shall be
borne solely by Builder and in no event shall Builder have any right to recover such costs from Owner. 

1.5.2. Builder shall, at its
expense, comply with all applicable existing and future laws, codes, ordinances, orders, declarations, rules, regulations and requirements of all Approving Authorities pertaining to the Homesites and Builders activities relating thereto,
including any and all environmental laws. 

1.5.3. Builder agrees that Owner shall have no obligation to perform Builders
obligations, nor recognize any buyers rights, under any retail sales contract entered into by Builder with respect to any Inventory Homesite. 

1.5.4. Builder shall keep the Inventory Homesites free and clear of all liens and encumbrances incurred by or resulting from the acts of
Builder and its agents, employees, contractors and representatives, or otherwise in connection with the grading and construction of the improvements Property. 

1.5.5. Under no circumstances shall Builder at any time create an unsafe condition upon the Inventory Homesites or any portion of the
Property. 

1.6. Termination of License. The License shall terminate upon the earliest of: (i) expiration or earlier
termination of the Option, (ii) the purchase of all of the Inventory Homesites by Builder pursuant to this Agreement (and the License and Builders obligations under this Exhibit D shall terminate with respect to a
particular Inventory Homesite upon the purchase of such Homesite), or (iii) the failure by Builder to cure any default by Builder under this Exhibit D within ninety (90) days after Builders receipt of written
notice of such failure (it being understood that such cure period shall not be in addition to any cure period set forth in Section 17.1 of this Agreement or any other provisions of this Agreement, nor otherwise extend any
cure periods set forth in this Agreement). After termination of the License and, upon receipt of written request from Owner, Builder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Owner an instrument in sufficient form for recording which shall give
notice that the License created hereunder has terminated. Notwithstanding the termination of the License, Builder shall be provided access to the Inventory Homesites as reasonably needed to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. 

1.7. Unexpected Events. 

1.7.1. If Builder at any time creates an unsafe condition upon the Inventory Homesites or any portion of the Property, as determined by Owner
in its sole discretion, then Owner may (but shall not be obligated to), and in addition to exercising Owners other rights and remedies arising from Builders Default, put the Inventory Homesites in a safe condition (and notify Builder
thereof), whereupon Owner shall have the right to recover from Builder all of Owners actual third-party costs and expenses incurred to reasonably rectify the unsafe condition, together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date
incurred until the date paid. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, Builder shall leave the Inventory Homesites, and any sidewalk, street or land adjacent thereto, in a safe condition and cause the removal of any liens against the
Inventory Homesites, and any sidewalk, street or land adjacent thereto, which were recorded against the Inventory Homesites, and any sidewalk, street or land adjacent thereto, as a result of Builders activities thereon. 

Exhibit D-2 

1.7.2. Within twenty (20) business days following the recordation of any
mechanics lien or similar encumbrance on any Inventory Homesites, Builder shall cause any such lien or encumbrance to be immediately discharged or bonded over in a manner satisfactory to Owner in its sole discretion and in such fashion so as
to enable a licensed title insurer in the State in which the Property is located to insure title to the Inventory Homesite(s) without reference to the claimed lien or encumbrance. Builder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner for, from and
against any such liens or encumbrances. 

1.8. The provisions of this Exhibit D shall survive termination or expiration
of the Option and shall be continuing obligations of Owner, Builder and Parent. 

Exhibit D-3 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF POWER OF ATTORNEY 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

STATE OF 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS

COUNTY OF 

THAT []
(Owner), has made, constituted and appointed and does by these presents make, constitute and appoint [BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR] (Builder), as Owners true and lawful attorney-in-fact to act in Owners name, place and stead, for the sole and exclusive purpose of executing all documents and agreements, and taking all actions, on behalf of Owner in connection with the
Properties described on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference (as the same may be updated from time to time) including, without limitation, all tract maps, plats, declarations of covenants, conditions and
restrictions, filings with the State Department of Real Estate and other governmental and quasi-governmental agencies, permit applications, deeds, bills of sale, easements, licenses, access agreements, utility agreements and such other documents and
agreements that are necessary or desirable in connection with the conveyance of the Property or any portion thereof, the entitlement and development of the Property, the improvement of the homesites within a Property and the construction of homes
thereon, and the sale of such homes to the homebuying public (collectively, the Owner Documents). 

Owner intends to
vest in said party full and complete power to do and perform the execution, signature, endorsement and delivery of the Owner Documents, and any act that may be required by the [CITY], [STATE] or any other official or governmental agency to
effectuate the execution, signature, endorsement and delivery of the Owner Documents on behalf of Owner. This power of attorney shall not be executed in furtherance of any other purpose beyond what is expressly provided for herein. This power of
attorney shall become effective on [EXECUTION DATE] and shall expire upon , 20. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this power of attorney shall have the respective meanings set
forth in that certain Master Option Agreement dated as of February 7, 2025 by and between Owner and Builder. 

[This form will be
revised as required to create a valid and enforceable power of attorney under the laws of the state in which the Property is located] 

[No further text on this page. The next page is the signature page.] 

I IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Owner has caused this Power of Attorney to be executed as of
, 202. 

,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: Authorized Signatory

STATE OF , 

COUNTY OF , to-wit:

I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the day of , before me, a Notary Public of the
jurisdiction aforesaid, personally appeared , as Authorized Signatory of , a Delaware limited liability company, personally known
to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged that she executed the same for the purposes therein contained by signing her name thereto. 

WITNESS my hand and Notarial Seal. 

Notary Public

My Commission Expires: 

Notary Registration No.: 

Exhibit E-2 

Exhibit A 

Properties 

Exhibit E-3 

EXHIBIT F 

INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 

Builder shall purchase and maintain, at its sole expense, with an insurer or insurers authorized to do business in the State in which the
Property is located, listed in the most recent Bests rating guide as having not less than an A-:VII rating, and otherwise approved by Owner, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, at least the
following minimum coverages during the term of this Agreement and during the performance of the Work (as defined in the Construction Agreement) and any other operations or activities by or on behalf of Builder on the Property, and as
provided herein, thereafter. 

(a) Builders Risk Insurance. Prior to the commencement of any improvements in, at or about the
Property, Builder shall purchase, and thereafter maintain, builders risk insurance with limits Builder deems sufficient to cover potential damage to the Work constructed by Builder or Contractor and the other covered property, including, but
not limited to, any improvements to the Property, and without any co-insurance requirements. Builder shall assume liability for any losses or damages to the Property or the Work not covered by such insurance.
Builder shall be responsible at its cost for satisfaction of all deductibles and/or self-insured retentions under such insurance. Owner, at its sole cost and expense (and not as an Expense) may purchase and maintain any other insurance that Owner
deems necessary or desirable for Owners further protection without limiting or reducing Builders obligations hereunder. Builders risk coverage shall also include coverage for soft costs, including, but not limited to, those arising
from delays. The policy shall include a customary waiver of subrogation endorsement or policy provision, acceptable to Owner, in favor of Owner and the Owner Parties, and each and all of them. 

(b) Commercial general liability insurance, written on an occurrence policy form (modified occurrence and claims-made
policy forms are not acceptable), providing coverage for bodily injury, property damage, personal injury and advertising injury, including, but not limited to, premises-operations (including explosion, collapse and underground hazards coverage) and
products-completed operations coverage, with limits of not less than $5,000,000 bodily injury and property damage per occurrence limit, $5,000,000 general aggregate limit, $5,000,000 personal injury and advertising limit, and $5,000,000
products-completed operations aggregate limit. All liability policies shall provide, without limitation, severability of interests (separation of insureds) without cross-suits or insured vs. insured exclusions, contractual liability
coverage (including coverage to the maximum extent possible for the indemnifications contained in this Agreement), broad form property damage coverage (including completed operations) and a duty to defend. 

(i) If the Property or any part of it includes or is contemplated to include residential development, the liability policies shall not contain
any exclusions or restrictions for residential development or construction, or for development or construction of attached dwellings or multi-family or multi-unit housing, or any exclusion or limitation applicable to Work or operations of the type
contemplated by this Agreement. If commercially reasonably available, the subcontractor warranty endorsement or similar endorsement, if any, shall contain endeavor to wording and shall not provide that coverage is impaired or
barred in the event of non-compliance with the warranty or other conditions listed in the endorsement. The policies shall not contain any exclusions for subsidence/earth movement and there shall be no
sublimits on such subsidence/earth movement coverage. 

Exhibit F-1 

(ii) Any umbrella and/or following form excess liability coverage maintained by Builder
shall be written on an occurrence policy form (modified occurrence and claims made policy forms are not acceptable), and provide coverage at least as broad as the primary general liability insurance. 

(iii) Builder agrees to maintain continuous coverage for the commercial general liability and umbrella/following form excess liability
insurance required in this subparagraph in effect during the term of this Agreement and during the performance of the Work and any other operations or activities by or on behalf of Builder on the Property, and for ten (10) years beyond the
close of escrow of each of the residences or the statute of repose in the state in which the Property is located, whichever is less. 

(c)
Commercial or business automobile liability insurance covering liability arising out of any auto or all owned, non-owned and hired automobiles, with limits not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence
limits for bodily injury and property damage liability, and with deductibles or self-insured retentions of not more than $25,000 per occurrence or such other amount as Owner accepts in writing in its sole discretion. The commercial automobile
liability insurance policy shall provide additional insured status for Owner. 

(d) Intentionally Omitted. 

(e) Workers compensation insurance (statutory limits complying with the laws of the State in which the Property is located) and
employers liability insurance with limits not less than $1,000,000 bodily injury by accident (each accident), $1,000,000 bodily injury by disease (policy limit), and $1,000,000 bodily injury by disease (each employee). Such policies shall
contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of Owner and the Owner Parties. 

(f) Builder shall cause each and every architect, engineer,
surveyor, consultant and other professional performing services in connection with the Property (individually, a Professional and collectively, Professionals) to maintain professional liability insurance in accordance with
Builders standard insurance requirements. 

(g) All insurance policies carried by Builder shall have the Builder and the Contractor
(if different from the Builder) engaged under the Construction Agreement named as insureds on such policies. 

(h) Owner, and such other
persons and entities as may from time to time be designated by Owner in writing, and approved by Builder, shall be named as additional insureds under the commercial general liability insurance and umbrella/following form excess insurance required
hereunder to be carried by Builder by issuance of ISO Forms CG 20 10 10 01, and CG 20 37 10 01 additional insured endorsements, or equivalents acceptable to Owner. The additional insured endorsements shall contain a primary insurance clause stating:
It is further agreed that such insurance as is afforded by this policy for the benefit of the additional insureds shall be primary insurance, and any insurance maintained by the additional insureds shall be excess and non-contributory with the
insurance provided hereunder. The additional insured status for the referenced parties shall be maintained continuously during the term of this Agreement and during the performance of the Work and any other operations or activities by or on
behalf of Builder on the Property, and for at least ten (10) years beyond the close of escrow of each of the residences or the statute of repose in the state in which the Property is located, whichever is less. 

Exhibit F-2 

The additional insured entities shall include: 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, and MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any
subsidiary of the foregoing owning fee title to the applicable Property, and all officers, directors, partners, managers, members, shareholders, as their interest may appear of the foregoing companies (collectively referred to as the
Owner Parties for purposes of this Exhibit F). 

(i) Concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Builder shall deliver to Owner the additional insured endorsements and waivers of subrogation referred to in this Exhibit F, as well as certificates of insurance evidencing the coverages referred to in this Exhibit
F. In the case of policies expiring while the Option (as defined in this Agreement) is in effect or while Work is in progress or after completion, a renewal certificate with all applicable endorsements must be received at
the business office of Owner prior to the expiration of the existing policy or policies. Permitting Builder to start Work, or continue Work, without compliance with any of these requirements shall not constitute a waiver thereof. Builder shall
immediately notify Owner in writing upon receipt by Builder, or its insurance broker or agent, of any notice of cancellation, of any policy required to be maintained by Builder or any other party pursuant to this Exhibit F. 

All certificates and endorsements referred to in this Exhibit F shall be delivered to: 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, 

and Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

c/o Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors, LLC 

[redacted] 

Attn:
[redacted] 

Email: [redacted] 

(j) None of the requirements contained herein as to types, limits and approval of insurance coverage to be maintained by Builder are intended
to, and shall not in any manner, limit or qualify the liabilities and obligations assumed by Builder under this Agreement or at law, including, without limitation, Builders indemnification obligations and liability in excess of the limits of
the coverages required herein. Neither receipt of certificates showing less or different coverage than requested, nor any other forbearance or omission by Owner shall be deemed a waiver of, or estoppel to assert, any right or obligation regarding
the insurance requirements herein. Builder and its Professionals, contractors, subcontractors of every tier and suppliers shall be responsible to pay any and all deductible(s) or self-insured retention(s) of Builders or such other
parties respective policies, regardless of the amount or number of the deductible(s) or self-insured retention(s) and regardless of the cause of the loss or damage. 

Exhibit F-3 

(k) If Builder fails to secure or maintain any policy of insurance required hereby and such
failure continues for thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice to Builder, Owner maintains the right but not the obligation to secure such policy of insurance in the name of and for the account of Builder and in such event, Builder
shall reimburse Owner upon demand for the actual, third-party cost thereof and Owner shall retain all remedies hereunder for breach of this Agreement. Owner shall have the right to offset the actual, third-party costs of any such insurance,
including but not limited to premiums, against any sums payable to Builder under this Agreement. Neither Owners right to secure such policy or policies nor the securing thereof by Owner shall constitute an undertaking by Owner on behalf of or
for the benefit of Builder or others to determine or warrant that such policies are in effect. 

(l) None of the requirements contained
herein shall relieve Builder its obligations to exercise due care in the performance of their duties in connection with the Work or to complete the Work in strict compliance with this Agreement. 

(m) Builder agrees and acknowledges as follows: 

(i) Except to the extent covered by the builders risk policy procured by Builder, Builder shall have the risk of loss as to all
materials, supplies and/or fixtures. During the term of the Option, Owner and Owner Parties shall not be liable for loss or damage to, or theft of, any materials, supplies or fixtures at any time, whether such materials, supplies and/or fixtures are
off the site, in transit, on the site, or otherwise. 

(ii) Builder and each of its Professionals, contractors, subcontractors of every
tier and suppliers shall be solely responsible for any loss or damage to its or their personal property and that of their employees and workers, including, without limitation, property or materials created or provided pursuant to this Agreement, any
subcontract or otherwise, its or their tools, equipment, clothing, fencing, forms, mobile construction equipment, scaffolding, automobiles, trucks, trailers or semi-trailers including any machinery or apparatus attached thereto, temporary structures
and uninstalled materials, whether owned, used, leased, hired or rented by Builder or any Professional, contractor, subcontractor of any tier or supplier or employee or worker (collectively, Personal Property). Builder and
its Professionals, contractors, subcontractors of every tier and suppliers may, at its or their option and own expense, purchase and maintain insurance for such Personal Property and any deductible or self-insured retention in relation thereto shall
be its or their sole responsibility. Any such insurance shall be Builders and the Professionals, contractors, subcontractors and suppliers and employees and workers sole source of recovery in the event of
loss or damage to its or their Personal Property. 

(iii) In the event of theft, damage or destruction of the Work, Builder will resupply
or rebuild its Work and will look to its own resources or insurance coverages to pay for such resupply or rebuilding. Builder will promptly perform, resupply or rebuild without additional compensation regardless of the pendency of any claim by
Builder against any other party, including Owner, that such party is liable for damages, theft, and/or destruction of Builders Work. 

Exhibit F-4 

(iv) Builder waives all rights of recovery, whether under subrogation or otherwise, against
Owner, the Owner Parties and their respective members, managers, partners, parents, subsidiaries, partners, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees for (a) loss or damage covered by Builders property insurance
and (b) loss or damage to Builders Personal Property. The waivers of subrogation referred to in this subparagraph shall be effective as to any individual or entity even if such individual or entity (x) would otherwise have a duty of
indemnification, contractual or otherwise, and (y) did not pay the insurance premium, directly or indirectly. 

(n) Any type of
insurance or any increase of its limits of liability not described above which Builder requires for its protection, or on account of law, shall be its own responsibility and at its own expense. The amount of coverage required by Owner hereunder may
not adequately protect Builders ownership or equity in or liability concerning the Property or the Work. Owner has no responsibility to protect Builders interests. Builder should frequently review its insurance needs to determine that
all required policies are in effect and that the coverage is adequate. 

(o) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Builder waives any and
all of its right against Owner and the Owner Parties for loss of or damage to Builder, the Property, the Work, Builders Personal Property or the property of others from any cause whatsoever to the extent insured against or required to be
insured against by Builder pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

All insurance required under this Agreement may, at
Builders option, be maintained through its or its Parents master insurance program (as such program may be modified or replaced from time to time, the Lennar Insurance Program). Inclusion of the Property in
the Lennar Insurance Program shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Exhibit F in all respects even if the limits or coverages are different than those described above. 

Owner acknowledges that the Lennar Insurance Program will, from time to time, change and that the coverages under such modified program will be deemed to
still satisfy the requirements of this Exhibit F. In particular, Builder or Parent may elect to self-insure in lieu of providing the coverages and policies required above. Doing so will comply with the insurance required under
this Agreement; provided, however that such self-insurance program conforms to the practice of similar large corporations maintaining systems of self-insurance. 

Exhibit F-5 

EXHIBIT G 

MEMORANDUM OF OPTION AGREEMENT 

AFTER RECORDING RETURN TO: 

[LENNAR
DIVISION ENTITY] 

[]

[]

Attn: Land Department 

Space Above This Line Reserved for Recorders Use 

MEMORANDUM OF OPTION AGREEMENT

BY THIS MEMORANDUM OF OPTION AGREEMENT (Memorandum), entered into as of
[], 2025, [OWNER SUBSIDIARY ENTITY], a [] (Owner), GRANTOR for indexing purposes, and [LENNAR DIVISION ENTITY]
(Builder), GRANTEE for indexing purposes, declare and agree as follows: 

A. Owner owns those
certain single-family lots (the Homesites) and certain other real property located in the County of [County], State of [State], and described on the attached Exhibit A (collectively, the
Property). 

B. Owner granted to Builder, and does hereby grant to Builder, pursuant to that
certain Master Option Agreement between Builder and Owner of even date herewith (Option Agreement), the option to purchase the Homesites in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement (the
Option). 

C. The term of the Option commences upon the date this Memorandum is recorded in the
Official Records of [County] County, [State], and shall expire or lapse not later than [Expiration Date]. 

D. The notice
addresses for Owner and Builder, as set forth in the Option Agreement, are as follows: 

Owner at: []

With a copy to: [] 

Builder at: [] 

With a copy to: [] 

E. All of the other terms, conditions and agreement contained within the Option Agreement are fully incorporated herein by
reference as if fully set forth herein. This Memorandum is not intended to change any of the terms of the Option Agreement. 

F. This Memorandum shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect with respect to (i) any dwelling unit
constructed on the Property for which a certificate of occupancy has been obtained, concurrently with the conveyance of such dwelling unit to a purchaser of such dwelling unit; (ii) any portion of the Property (or interest therein) that is conveyed
to Builder; and (iii) any portion of the Property (or interest therein) that is conveyed to a city, county, any other governmental authority, a utility company, or any homeowners association. Notwithstanding such automatic release, Owner
agrees to provide any applicable release within five (5) days of request therefor by Builder. 

G. All persons or entities
who may have or acquire an interest in the Property shall be deemed to have notice of, and be bound by, the terms of the Option Agreement, which such terms are intended by Owner and Builder to be, and shall be construed as, an encumbrance on title
and covenants running with the land; provided, however, no such person or entity shall be entitled to any rights thereunder without the prior written consent of Builder. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Memorandum of Option Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

Exhibit G-1 

BUILDER:

[] 

STATE OF
) 

) 

COUNTY OF ) 

This instrument was acknowledged before me on , 202, by
, the of
, on behalf of said corporation and limited partnership. 

Notary Public, State of 

Name: 

My Commission Expires: 

[Owners signature and acknowledgment is on the following page]

Exhibit G-2 

OWNER:

[OWNER SUBSIDIARY ENTITY],

a []

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

STATE OF ) 

) 

COUNTY OF ) 

This instrument was acknowledged before me on , 202, by
, the of [OWNER
SUBSIDIARY ENTITY], a [], on behalf of said company. 

Notary Public, State of 

Name: 

My Commission Expires: 

Exhibit G-3 

Exhibit A 

Legal Description of the Property 

Exhibit G-4 

EXHIBIT H 

NOTICE OF TERMINATION OF OPTION 

RECORDING
REQUESTED BY AND 

WHEN RECORDED, RETURN TO: 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Attention:
[ ] 

Space Above This Line Reserved for Recorders Use 

NOTICE OF TERMINATION OF OPTION 

THIS NOTICE OF TERMINATION OF OPTION is dated this day of , 20,
between [OWNER SUBSIDIARY ENTITY], a [] (Owner), GRANTOR and GRANTEE for indexing purposes, and [LENNAR DIVISION ENTITY]., a
[] (Builder), GRANTOR and GRANTEE for indexing purposes; 

WHEREAS, Owner granted to Builder a certain option pursuant to that certain Master Option Agreement dated February 7, 2025 (the
Option Agreement), between Owner and Builder, and as memorialized in that certain Memorandum of Option Agreement dated [XXXX], 202, and recorded on ,
202 as Document No. , in the Official Records of [County] County, [State] (the Memorandum); and 

WHEREAS, the option contained in the Option Agreement has been fully terminated and the parties desire to evidence such termination, and the
termination and release of the Memorandum, by execution, delivery and recordation of this Notice of Termination of Option. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements set forth herein, and Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Builders right to purchase that certain real property situated in [] County, California described
on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Property) as contained in the Option Agreement has been fully terminated, and the undersigned acknowledges the full and complete termination of Lennars rights in the
Property. 

Exhibit H-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Notice of Termination of Option as of
the day and year first above written. 

BUILDER:

[LENNAR DIVISION ENTITY].,

a [ ]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

STATE OF ) 

) 

COUNTY OF ) 

This instrument was acknowledged before me on , 202, by
, the of
, the General Partner of [LENNAR DIVISION ENTITY]., a [], on behalf of said corporation and
limited partnership. 

Notary Public, State of 

Name: 

My Commission Expires: 

[Owners signature and acknowledgment is on the following page]

Exhibit H-2 

OWNER:

[OWNER ENTITY],

a []

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

STATE OF ) 

) 

COUNTY OF ) 

This instrument was acknowledged before me on , 202, by
, the of [OWNER
SUBSIDIARY ENTITY], a [], on behalf of said company. 

Notary Public, State of 

Name: 

My Commission Expires: 

Exhibit H-3 

Exhibit A 

Legal Description 

Exhibit H-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d760441dex107.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.7
<TEXT>
EX-10.7

Exhibit 10.7 

MASTER CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT 

by and between 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., 

a Maryland corporation 

and 

MILLROSE
PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company 

(collectively OWNER) 

AND 

U.S. HOME, LLC,

A DELAWARE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, 

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware 

limited liability company, and 

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited 

liability company (collectively BUILDER) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. 

PERFORMANCE AND SUPERVISION OF THE WORK 3 

1.1 Description of the Work 3 

1.2 Supervision of Work 3 

1.3 Relationship of the Parties; Owner Obligations 4 

1.4 License Work 4 

2. 

ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF CONTRACTOR 4 

2.1 Labor and Materials 4 

2.2 Comply with Laws 5 

2.3 Removal of Equipment and Maintenance of Site 5 

2.4 Engineering and Design 5 

2.5 Bonds and Assurances 6 

2.6 Taxes, Fees and Permits 6 

3. 

COMMENCEMENT AND COMPLETION OF THE WORK 7 

3.1 Commencement Date 7 

3.2 Completion Date 7 

3.3 Definition of Completion 7 

3.4 Force Majeure 8 

4. 

AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO CONTRACTOR 8 

4.1 Fixed Price Contract Sum 8 

4.2 Limitation of Owners Obligation 11 

4.3 Accounting Records 11 

4.4 Progress Payments 11 

4.5 Final Payment 13 

4.6 Final Credit; Waiver of Claims 13 

5. 

CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 14 

6. 

WORK FREE FROM DEFECTS 14 

6.1 Warranty 14 

6.2 Correction of Work 15 

7. 

CONTRACTOR INDEMNITY 15 

8. 

REPRESENTATIVES 17 

i 

9. 

NO CONTROL 17 

10. 

SUBCONTRACTS 17 

11. 

PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY 17 

12. 

RESPONSIBLE FOR CLEAN FILL 18 

13. 

OSHA REQUIREMENTS 18 

14. 

INSURANCE 18 

14.1 Required Coverage 18 

14.2 Notice of Loss 18 

14.3 No Modification of Other Obligations 18 

15. 

REMEDIES 19 

15.1 Owners Breach 19 

15.2 Contractors Breach 19 

16. 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 21 

16.1 Governing Law 21 

16.2 Successors and Assigns 21 

16.3 Notices 21 

16.4 Time of the Essence 22 

16.5 Interpretation 22 

16.6 No Partnership; Third Person 22 

16.7 Entire Agreement 22 

16.8 Further Documents 22 

16.9 Incorporation of Exhibits 22 

16.10 Date of Performance 22 

16.11 Survival 23 

16.12 No Third Party Beneficiary 23 

16.13 Jurisdiction 23 

16.14 Counterparts 23 

16.15 Waiver of Breach 23 

16.16 Waiver of Jury Trial 23 

16.17 Partial Invalidity 24 

ii 

List of Exhibits 

Exhibit A - Application for Payment

Exhibit B - Finished Homesite Description

iii 

MASTER CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT 

In consideration of the agreements, covenants and promises contained in this Construction Agreement (the Agreement) and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and validity of which are hereby acknowledged, Owner, Builder and Contractor agree as follows: 

Defined terms appear in this Agreement with the first letter of each word in the term capitalized. In addition to other defined terms set forth
elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms and information (the Agreement Terms) are, or may be, used as defined terms in this Agreement. These Agreement Terms are incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement to the
same extent as if set forth in the Agreement in their entirety, and each reference in this Agreement to any of the Agreement Terms shall be construed to incorporate all of the Agreement Terms. In the event of any conflict between any Agreement Terms
and the balance of the Agreement, the balance of this Agreement shall control. Each defined term used in this Agreement that is not included as one of the Agreement Terms, or is not otherwise defined in this Agreement, shall have the meaning given
that term in the Option Agreement. 

By executing the Addendum, the applicable Owner Property Affiliate and Applicable Licensed Affiliate
shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to the applicable Property referenced therein and shall be deemed parties to this Agreement with respect to such Property for all purposes. However, the terms and
provisions of this Agreement shall apply separately to each Property. All representations, warranties, covenants, liabilities, and obligations (including indemnity obligations) of Contractor under this Agreement with respect to the
Homesites or the Property shall apply independently to each Property. Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (a) a default or failure to perform on the part of a Contractor, Builder, or
Owner with respect to one Property shall not be a default under this Agreement with respect to different Properties; (b) Contractor, Builder and Owner each shall exercise their respective rights and remedies with respect to a Property
independent of their respective rights and remedies for other Properties; (c) this Agreement shall be enforced and interpreted as if Owner and each Applicable Licensed Affiliate had executed a separate Agreement with respect to each Property;
and (d) each Applicable Licensed Affiliate shall act as the Contractor only for the Property or Properties for which it is a party to the applicable Addendum and is not acting as the Contractor with respect to any other Property. 

AGREEMENT TERMS 

Agreement Date February 7, 2025

Owner Means and refers collectively to MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, Millrose Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and, with respect to the applicable Property, the Owner Property
Affiliate that has signed the Addendum for such Property.

Contractor Means and refers to the Applicable Licensed Affiliate that has signed the Addendum with respect to the applicable Property. For the avoidance of doubt, an Applicable Licensed Contractor shall act as the Affiliate only with respect
to the Property or Properties for which it has executed an Addendum.

Builder U.S. HOME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

State The State in which the applicable Property is located

1 

County The County in which the applicable Property is located

City The City (if any) in which the applicable Property is located

Civil Engineer The Civil Engineer for each Property, as identified in the applicable Addendum

Property Each Property identified in the separate Addendum is a Property for purposes of this Agreement. As used herein, applicable Property refers, as the context requires, to the Property for which the Applicable
Licensed Affiliate has executed the Addendum.

Homesites Refers to an individual Homesite or condominium unit (as applicable) now or hereinafter existing within the applicable Property that is subdivided for the purpose of constructing a residence thereon (each Homesite or condominium
unit shall be referred to individually, as a Homesite).

Contract Sum Refers separately with respect to each Property to the Contract Sum set forth in the Addendum.

Budget Refers separately with respect to each Property to the Budget attached to the applicable Addendum (if any).

Option Agreement The Master Option Agreement dated as of February 7, 2025, pursuant to which Owner has granted to Builders affiliate an option (the Option) to purchase the Homesites and/or the Property.

Addendum Refers separately with respect to each Property, to the Addendum to Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement executed by Owner, Owner Property Affiliate, Builder, Local Builder, and (if applicable) Builders
Applicable Licensed Affiliate with respect to such Property.

This Master Construction Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of the Agreement Date,
between by and between MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (MPI), and Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (MPHL) (MPI and MPHL are collectively
Owner), and U.S. HOME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively
Builder). 

RECITALS 

A. Owner and Builder are parties to the Option Agreement. Pursuant to the provisions thereof, Owner and/or Owner Property Affiliate has
acquired (or will acquire) one or more Properties and, in connection with Owners acquisition of each Property, Owner, Builder and the Applicable Licensed Affiliate (in its capacity as Contractor) have executed an Addendum. 

B. Owner and Builder have executed this Master Construction Agreement to provide for Builders Applicable Licensed Affiliate to act as
the Contractor for its applicable Property and the right to perform Work (as defined below) on such Property. 

C. Owner desires to engage
Contractor to cause certain improvements to be constructed on the applicable Property and on the associated common areas and streets pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement. 

D. Contractor is willing to install such improvements pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms, covenants and conditions of this
Agreement. 

2 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows: 

1. Performance and Supervision of the Work.

1.1 Description of the Work. Contractor shall perform and complete (or cause the performance and completion of) the
Work (as defined below) in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The term Work means the construction and services required by the Contract Documents (as defined below) in order to complete
Finished Homesites (as defined below), and includes all labor, materials, equipment and services provided or to be provided by Contractor to fulfill Contractors obligations under this Agreement, and the recordation of the
Final Plat or Final Plats (as such terms are defined in the Option Agreement); provided, however that the Work does not include the vertical construction of residences (foundations or higher). The Work consists generally of
the construction of certain roads, sidewalks, fencing, sewers, drainage curbs, gutters, grading, retaining walls, landscaping, water lines and utility lines within, and adjacent to, the Homesites, and any physical improvements to common areas within
the Property (excluding any improvements which are vertical nature). Contractor may enter into contracts for the performance of the Work with Subcontractors (as defined in Section 10 below) that are
appropriately licensed in the jurisdiction in which the Property is located, to the extent required by applicable law. For purposes of this Agreement, Finished Homesite shall mean, for each Homesite, that all improvements, and all
other work and obligations, whether on the site of the Property, or outside the boundaries of the Property, have been constructed, installed or completed to the extent required to obtain a building permit for the construction of a residence upon the
payment of the required building permit fees therefor, so that Contractor shall be able to commence construction of a residence on such Homesite upon the payment of such fee and a certificate of occupancy is available upon proper completion of a
residence on the Homesite and payment of any hook-up or connection fees for utility services. In addition, the Work shall include the construction and installation of the Property Specific Improvements, if
any, set forth on the Exhibit C to the Addendum. 

1.2 Supervision of Work.
Except for Work which is to be performed by third parties and unless the Contract Documents give other specific instructions concerning these matters, Contractor shall supervise and direct the Work. Except for Work which is to be performed by
third parties, Contractor shall be solely responsible for and have control over construction means, methods, techniques, sequences and procedures and for coordinating all portions of the Work performed by at the direction of Contractor under this
Agreement, unless the Contract Documents give other specific instructions concerning these matters. Contractor shall be responsible to Owner for the acts and omissions of Contractors employees, Subcontractors and their agents and employees,
and all other persons performing portions of the Work by or for Contractor. Contractor shall enforce discipline and good order among Contractors employees, Subcontractors and any other persons carrying out the Work by or for Contractor.
Contractor shall not permit the employment or utilization of unfit persons or persons not skilled in tasks assigned to them. 

3 

1.3 Relationship of the Parties; Owner Obligations. Contractor accepts
the relationship of trust and confidence established by this Agreement and covenants to cooperate with Owner and utilize Contractors commercially reasonable efforts and judgment in performing the Work. Owner agrees to: (a) furnish
information required or reasonably requested by Contractor, including, without limitation, executing such affidavits or letters of authorization as may be required for Contractor to obtain building permits or similar government permits and
approvals, (b) sign any necessary documents reasonably requested by Contractor, and (c) timely perform Owners obligations under this Agreement,and make payments to Contractor as set forth in this Agreement. Pursuant to the
Option Agreement, Owner has executed and delivered to Builder and/or Contractor a Power of Attorney. Pursuant to the Power of Attorney, Builder and Contractor may execute documents on behalf of Owner in connection with the Work, all as more fully
set forth therein. Owner, for no consideration but at Contractors cost, shall also dedicate or convey the common areas and streets within the Property to the Association (as defined in the Option Agreement) or other applicable
authorities, as and at the time directed by Contractor or Builder, with the title to such common areas and streets being free of any liens created by Owner (and if necessary, Owner shall cause Owners lender, at the time of such conveyance, to
release such common areas and streets from the lien of any financing obtained by Owner) and generally in the same condition as when such title was acquired by Owner except for any easements or other development matters which may have been placed on
such common areas and/or streets at the request of Contractor or Builder. If Owner goes onto the Property, Owner shall not unreasonably interfere with Contractor in connection with Contractors performance of the Work. 

1.4 License Work. Contractor shall fully comply with all state and federal contractors licensing laws and
requirements (the Licensing Requirements) applicable to Contractors performance of the Work. Any and all such Work (or related services) requiring a contractors license shall be deemed Licensed Work.
Builder shall have no right or obligation to perform Work. All Licensed Work shall be performed (or caused to be performed) by Contractor (and Builder shall have no obligation with respect thereto). All references in this Agreement or the Option
Agreement requiring Builder to perform Licensed Work shall be interpreted as requiring such Licensed Work to be performed by the Applicable Licensed Affiliate. The parties agree to execute such additional assurances, documents or confirmations, each
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such party, as are required for Owner, Builder, and/or the Applicable Licensed Affiliate to comply with the Licensing Requirements. Contractor shall deliver (which delivery may be via e-mail) such assurances, documents and confirmations as are required for Owner to comply with the Licensing Requirements to Owner for Owners review and execution; provided that if Owner fails to approve or
execute any such assurances, documents and confirmations within five (5) business days of Contractors delivery of the same to Owner (which delivery may be via e-mail), then, Contractor may execute
those assurances, documents and confirmations pursuant to the Power of Attorney. 

2. Additional Responsibilities of
Contractor

2.1 Labor and Materials. Subject to payment from Owner as provided in this Agreement, Contractor
shall provide and pay for (or cause to be provided and paid for) labor, materials, equipment, tools, construction equipment and machinery, water, utilities, transportation, and other facilities and services necessary for the proper execution and
Completion (as defined below) of the Work by or on behalf of Contractor, whether temporary or permanent and whether or not incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work. 

4 

2.2 Comply with Laws. Until the Completion of the Work or sooner termination
of this Agreement, Contractor shall comply with and give notices required by laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and lawful orders of public authorities bearing on performance of the Work. Contractor shall promptly provide to Owner copies of any
written notice received by Contractor alleging any material uncured failure to comply with applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, or lawful orders of public authorities bearing on performance of the Work including, without limitation,
written notices of nonconformity of the Work with the Contract Documents or other written notices of deficiencies in the Work. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, until the Completion of the Work or sooner termination of this
Agreement, Contractor shall also have the responsibility, at Contractors cost and expense (but subject to payment from Owner as provided in this Agreement), to do all things necessary to comply in all respects with all applicable subdivision
laws and regulations to permit the sale of Homesites by Owner as contemplated by the Option Agreement. Owner shall reasonably cooperate with Contractor, at no third-party cost or expense to Owner, in accomplishing the foregoing. Until the Completion
of the Work or sooner termination of this Agreement, Contractor shall also have the responsibility, at Contractors cost and expense (but subject to payment from Owner as provided in this Agreement), to comply with all Federal, State and local
laws (including environmental), regulations and requirements pertaining to the ownership, development and operation of the Property including, but not limited to, the obligation to prepare and submit to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency a
Notice of Intent (NOI) for Storm Water Discharges under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES), if applicable, and to comply with all applicable pollution prevention, control, monitoring, reporting, inspection and permitting
conditions and requirements related thereto. Owner hereby grants Contractor a non-exclusive easement over the Property for purposes of completing the Work. Such easement shall terminate upon the later of:
(i) Contractors Completion of the Work; or (ii) such time as Contractor is no longer a Legally Responsible Person under the applicable National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) stormwater
permit and corresponding state laws and regulations (a LRP). Contractor agrees to file a Notice of Termination within thirty (30) days of completion of all of the requirements set forth in the NPDES permit for a Notice of
Termination. In furtherance of the foregoing, Contractor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish any termination of its status as an LRP in accordance with the terms of this Section and Owner shall cooperate as reasonably required in
connection therewith, at no out of pocket cost or expense to Owner. 

2.3 Removal of Equipment and Maintenance of Site.
Contractor shall keep the Property and surrounding area free from accumulation of waste materials or rubbish caused by operations under this Agreement. At Completion of the Work, Contractor shall remove from and about the Property waste materials,
rubbish, Contractors tools, construction equipment, machinery and surplus materials. 

2.4 Engineering and Design.
Contractor shall engage the necessary professionals to provide engineering and design work pertaining to the Work. Contractor shall be responsible, at its sole cost (but subject to payment as provided herein), for the preparation of all
subdivision improvement plans required for the Completion of the Work and for obtaining approval of such plans from all Approving Authorities (as defined in Section 3.3 below). 

5 

2.5 Bonds and Assurances. 

2.5.1 To the extent not provided by third parties, Contractor shall be responsible, at its sole cost and expense (but subject to payment as
provided herein), for providing all applicable Approving Authorities (or causing to be provided to all applicable Approving Authorities) any bonds, subdivision agreements, assurance agreements, or other financial assurances required with respect to
the Work (collectively, the Financial Assurances). Except as provided in Section 2.5.2 below, upon Completion of the Work, Contractor shall also provide to all Approving Authorities all warranties, bonds and other financial
assurances required to obtain final acceptance and approval of the Work. To the extent permitted by the Approving Authorities, Contractor shall be entitled to seek reductions and releases of any bonds or other Financial Assurances posted by
Contractor with respect to the Work, and Owner shall cooperate with Contractor, as reasonably requested by Contractor, but at no third-party cost or liability to Owner, in obtaining such reductions and releases. 

2.5.2 Within one hundred twenty (120) days following any termination of this Agreement due to Owners default hereunder or under
the Option Agreement, (the Termination Date), Owner shall replace the Performance Bonds (as defined below) with Owners separate bonds or security (collectively, the Replacement Performance
Bonds). For purposes of this Section 2.5.2, the term the Performance Bonds means: (a) those bonds posted by Contractor or Builder with the City, the County or the Approving Authorities (as
defined below) to complete the Work; and (b) all warranties, bonds and other financial assurances required to obtain final acceptance and approval of the Work. In connection therewith, if Owner has not obtained Replacement Performance Bonds
within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Termination Date, Contractor may (without limitation) take such actions as are necessary to reduce and release any Performance Bond at commercially reasonable times and in a commercially
reasonable manner, and Owner shall cooperate with Contractor, as reasonably requested by Contractor, in such efforts. To the extent Contractor is required to incur any expense in connection with the Performance Bonds after the Termination Date,
Owner shall reimburse Contractor for such expense within five (5) business days of Contractors demand, and (ii) in all cases Owner shall reimburse Contractor for draws or demands on Performance Bonds to the extent such draws are not
related to any Work that was defective. On and after the Termination Date, Owner shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Contractor (and Contractors members, managers, partners, shareholders, employees, directors, officers, agents,
affiliates, successors and assigns) from any loss, damage, expense, suit or action as a result of: (a) any claims against the Performance Bonds relating to Work performed or to be performed on and after the Termination Date; and
(b) Owners failure to timely deliver the Replacement Performance Bonds and obtain a corresponding exoneration of Contractors Performance Bonds. 

2.6 Taxes, Fees and Permits. 

2.6.1 Subject to payment from Owner as provided in this Agreement, Contractor shall pay all applicable sales, consumer, use, and other
similar taxes pertaining to the Work performed by or for Contractor, all related royalties and license fees, and shall secure and pay for all approvals, easements, assessments, charges, permits and governmental fees, licenses and inspections
necessary for proper execution and Completion of such Work. 

6 

2.6.2 Contractor has conducted due diligence to determine all governmental and utility
company fees required to be paid in connection with the completion of the Subdivision Improvements (as defined in the Option Agreement) (collectively, the Fees), including, without limitation, (i) all
impact fees, (ii) all connection fees, (iii) all mitigation fees, (iv) school fees, and (v) inspection fees. As part of the Work, Contractor shall be responsible for the payment of the Fees (together with any increases in the
Fees) payable in connection with the Completion of the Work; provided, however, that such amounts shall be paid or reimbursed by Owner subject to the other terms and conditions contained herein. In addition, if new fees or previously unknown fees
are imposed on the Property or Owner in respect of the Completion of the Work after the date of this Agreement (collectively, the New Fees), as part of the Work, Contractor shall also be responsible for the payment of the
New Fees (together with any increases in the New Fees) but only if and to the extent such New Fees are payable prior to the delivery of a Finished Homesite (i.e. excluding any New Fees payable in connection with obtaining a building permit), and
upon the payment of the New Fees, Contractor shall be paid or reimbursed by Owner for New Fees, but only if there are savings or contingency available to be allocated to such newly identified project costs pursuant to
Section 4.1.3. 

3. Commencement and Completion of the Work

3.1 Commencement Date. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.4, Contractor shall commence the
Work in accordance with the construction schedule proposed by Contractor (if any) prior to the execution of the Addendum, with any changes thereto subject to approval by Owner in its reasonable discretion; provided, however, that Owner may not
disapprove any proposed construction schedule changes that provide for Completion of the Work prior to or on the Completion Date. 

3.2
Completion Date. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.4, Contractor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve Completion of the Work by the Completion Date (as set forth in the applicable
Addendum). 

3.3 Definition of Completion. Completion means that: (1) to the extent
applicable, all final inspections and final approvals of the applicable Work by the City, County and any and all other applicable governmental or quasi-governmental entities or agencies, property owners associations and utility providers
(collectively, the Approving Authorities) have been obtained, including the payment of any Fees, and (2) the applicable Work is complete in substantial accordance with the Contract Documents. In the event of any dispute
between Owner and Contractor about whether Completion has been achieved with respect to the applicable Work, such dispute shall be resolved by the Civil Engineer. Any delay in completing the applicable Work or failure to achieve Completion by the
Completion Date shall not affect Builders obligations under, or any provisions of, the Option Agreement. Contractor understands and acknowledges that its obligation to cause the Completion of the Work and otherwise fully perform its
obligations under this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of the Option Agreement; provided, however, that Contractors obligation to cause the Completion of the applicable Work no later than the Completion Date shall
otherwise terminate at such time as the final Closing on all of the Homesites occurs pursuant to the Option Agreement. Contractor acknowledges that as a material inducement to, and in reliance on, its agreements contained herein, Owner entered into
the Option Agreement. Similarly, Owner understands and acknowledges that its obligation under this Agreement to pay for the Work completed by Contractor and to otherwise fully perform its obligations under this Agreement shall survive any
termination of the Option, and the termination or expiration of the Option Agreement. 

7 

Owner and Contractor acknowledge that so long as the Option has not terminated prior to
Builder acquiring all Homesites, the portion of the Work described below (collectively, the Final Stage of Work) will not need to be completed to achieve Completion: 

Sidewalk and drive approaches within or directly adjacent to Unpurchased Homesites 

Final lift on streets and alleyways 

Final lift on sewer and storm drain manholes. 

Repair and replacement of damage to curbs, sidewalks, utility boxes 

Common area landscaping 

Final pull of wires for dry utilities 

Community or pocket parks 

Open space and amenities 

Pools, clubhouses, and other similar amenities 

Streetlights 

Offsite improvements 

Mailboxes 

Entry gates / Monumentation 

However, upon termination of the Option prior to Contractor having acquired all of the Homesites, Contractor shall be obligated to complete
all Final Stage of Work to achieve Completion within the time frames contemplated by Section 3.2 and shall thereafter be promptly paid by Owner, for the associated costs to the extent permitted by the terms of this
Agreement. 

3.4 Force Majeure. Force Majeure Items means and refers to delays caused by acts of
God, casualty, insurrection, strikes, war, terrorism, lockouts, pandemic, supply chain delays, governmental order (including health orders), labor disputes, adverse weather conditions which could not reasonably be anticipated, or any causes, acts,
or occurrences beyond Contractors control (financial inability excluded) (collectively, Force Majeure Items). All of Contractors obligations under this Agreement shall be subject to extension for Force Majeure Items;
provided, however that in no event shall Force Majeure Items extend or modify the dates for acquisition of Homesites set forth in the Takedown Schedule (as defined in the Option Agreement). In the event of any dispute between Owner and
Contractor about whether a delay in the Work is caused by a Force Majeure Item, such dispute shall be resolved by the Civil Engineer. 

4.
Amounts Payable to Contractor. 

4.1 Fixed Price Contract Sum. Owner shall pay Contractor for all costs
actually incurred by Contractor in Contractors performance of the Work and Contractors obligations under this Agreement; however, in no event shall Owner be obligated to pay Contractor more than the Contract Sum, set forth in the Budget
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Budget). The Budget identifies (i) the anticipated costs of completing the Work, and (ii) the maximum portion of the total Contract Sum allocated
to each component of the Work. Owner shall not be required to pay Contractor for costs not provided for in the Budget. Contractor represents and warrants that except as has been disclosed to Owner, the Budget has been prepared in good faith by
Contractor based on information known as of the date of this Agreement, is the budget utilized by Contractor for its internal purposes and is Contractors reasonable estimate of the anticipated costs to Complete the Work. Owner and Contractor
hereby acknowledge and agree that Contractor shall be entitled to any and all reimbursement and/or advances from any Financing District (as defined in the Option Agreement). 

8 

4.1.1 Excess Costs. Subject to the provisions of
Section 4.1.3 below, if (a) the actual cost of any line item of the Work set forth in the Budget (including all fees and soft costs) exceeds the portion of the Contract Sum allocated for that line item in the Budget,
or (b) additional unanticipated costs are identified after the date of this Agreement for which amounts were not allocated or reallocated in the Budget (collectively, the Excess Costs), Contractor shall be solely responsible
at its sole cost and expense for, and shall pay, the amount of all such Excess Costs required to complete the Work (or the component thereof) and otherwise to fulfill all of its obligations under this Agreement without reimbursement for the Excess
Costs by Owner. In addition, if Owner reasonably and in good faith anticipates that an Excess Cost will be incurred to achieve Completion of the Work, Owner may provide written notice thereof to Contractor (Cost Overrun Notice).
Within twenty (20) business days after receipt of such Cost Overrun Notice, Contractor may dispute the contents of such Cost Overrun Notice by delivering written notice thereof to Owner (the Cost Overrun Dispute Notice)
explaining in reasonable detail that Owners estimation of Excess Costs is incorrect. If Contractor fails to deliver a Cost Overrun Dispute Notice, Contractor shall be deemed to have waived its right to dispute the Excess Costs identified in
such Cost Overrun Notice. If Contractor delivers a Cost Overrun Dispute Notice, Owner may (A) withdraw such Cost Overrun Notice, (B) modify such Cost Overrun Notice to conform to all or any corrections offered by Contractor, or (C) if
Owner disagrees with the contents of the Cost Overrun Dispute Notice, engage the Civil Engineer to determine whether (and to what extent) any Excess Costs will be incurred. If the Civil Engineer concludes that an Excess Cost will be incurred and the
amount of such Excess Cost exceeds the amount, if any, of the Excess Costs identified in the Cost Overrun Dispute Notice, Contractor shall be solely responsible for the fees payable to such Civil Engineer. If the Civil Engineer concludes that the
amount of Excess Costs to be incurred is equal to or less than the Excess Costs identified in the Cost Overrun Dispute Notice, Owner shall be solely responsible for the fees payable to such Civil Engineer. Any funds deposited with Owner shall be
disbursed by Owner to Contractor upon completion of the applicable component of the Work and the payment of such Excess Costs, if any. 

4.1.2 Cost Savings. If the Contractor reasonably concludes that the actual cost of Completing the Work is less than the
Contract Sum (the Unfunded Balance), Owner shall, after all applicable conditions to making the Final Payment have been satisfied, provide Builder a credit toward the purchase price of the last Homesites if and when acquired by
Builder in accordance with the Takedown Schedule under the Option Agreement by the amount of such savings, as provided in Section 4.6, below. If, however, the Option terminates prior to Builder acquiring all of the
Homesites, provided that Contractor has caused the Completion of all of the Work including the Final Stage of Work, Owner shall pay a portion of the Unfunded Balance (which in this instance takes into account the costs associated with Completion of
the Final Stage of Work) to Contractor as provided below. The portion of the Unfunded Balance payable to Contractor shall be equal to the product of the Unfunded Balance times a fraction, the numerator of which is the total sum of Homesite purchase
prices paid to Owner for all Homesites acquired by Contractor and the denominator of which is the total sum of the purchase prices contemplated by the Option Agreement for all Homesites. The portion of the Unfunded Balance payable as determined
under the preceding sentence shall be paid by Owner to Contractor within ten (10) business days after Completion of the Work and satisfaction of all conditions to making the Final Payment. 

9 

4.1.3 Modification of Budget. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, if Contractor reasonably determines that the actual cost of any component of the Work is less than the portion of the Contract Sum allocated to that component in the Budget, then Contractor may, no more than once a month revise the
Budget to reallocate such savings to other components in the Budget. Further, no more than once a month, Contractor may reallocate the Contingency Amount (as such term is reflected in the Budget) and apply such reallocated amounts to any
component of the Work to pay for the costs incurred in connection with such component of the Work. Finally, Contractor may reallocate costs in the Budget amongst the various components of the Budget so long as Contractor reasonably determines that
the amounts for each such component will be sufficient after such reallocation. All modifications to the Budget pursuant to this Section 4.1.3 shall be effective when Contractor submits a revised Budget to Owner.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Budget be modified to increase the Contract Sum without Owners prior written consent. If Owner properly disapproves Contractors proposed reallocation
of Budget savings or in the event of any other dispute between Owner and Contractor under this Section 4.1.3, such dispute shall be resolved by the Civil Engineer. 

4.1.4 Costs Not to be Paid. Owner shall not be obligated to pay Contractor for any of the following costs incurred in
performing the Work: 

(a) Salaries and other compensation of Contractors personnel stationed at Contractors principal office or
other offices, provided that Contractor shall be entitled to payment or reimbursement for employee compensation for those employees who are stationed at the site office, but only to the extent provided in the Budget. 

(b) Expenses of Contractors office other than the cost of the on-site facilities to the extent
provided in the Budget. 

(c) Overhead and general expenses, development fees or profit except as provided in the Budget. 

(d) Contractors capital expenses, including interest on Contractors capital employed for the Work. 

(e) Costs due to the knowing and willful misconduct or gross negligence of Contractor. 

(f) Other than to the extent it can be offset from cost savings pursuant to Section 4.1.2, from available
contingency in the Budget, and/or from modification of the Budget pursuant to Section 4.1.3, costs for the correction of damaged, defective or nonconforming Work, disposal and replacement of materials and equipment
incorrectly ordered or supplied, and making good damage to any property. 

10 

(g) Costs which would cause the Contract Sum to be exceeded. 

4.2 Limitation of Owners Obligation. Contractor understands and acknowledges that,
other than Owners obligation to pay and reimburse Contractor and to perform its obligations as provided in this Agreement: (a) Owner shall have no obligations whatsoever in connection with the Work; and (b) Contractor shall be solely
responsible for the payment of all costs of Contractors employees, Subcontractors and their agents and employees and all other persons performing portions of the Work, and all costs to otherwise take all steps necessary to obtain full and
final acceptance of such component of the Work performed by or for Contractor from any and all applicable Approving Authorities (if applicable). Once Owner has paid Contractor the full amount of any component of the Work allocated in the
then-current Budget (as such Budget may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement), Owner shall thereafter have no obligations whatsoever in connection with that component of the Work, and once Owner has paid Contractor the full amount of
the Contract Sum, Owner shall thereafter have no obligation whatsoever in connection with any component of the Work. Contractor acknowledges that, with respect to those Fees which are not Budgeted Fees, Builder shall be required to pay such Fees if
Builder acquires the Homesites pursuant to the Option Agreement, and Owner shall have no responsibility or liability therefor. 

4.3
Accounting Records. Contractor shall keep accounts and exercise such controls in accordance with its standard corporate policies and practices. Owner and Owners accountants shall be afforded reasonable access to
Contractors records relating to this Agreement (the Records). Contractor shall preserve the Records for a period of three (3) years after the Contractors termination of Work on the Property, or for such longer
period as may be required by law. 

4.4 Progress Payments. Based upon complete Applications and Certificates for
Payment (each, an Application for Payment) submitted to Owner by Contractor substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C and the other documentation to be provided by Contractor
pursuant to Section 4.4.2 below and provided same is reasonably determined by Owner to be correct (by third party inspections or other suitable control procedures for verifying progress of the Work), Owner shall make
progress payments to Contractor on account of the Contract Sum in accordance with the following: 

4.4.1 Application for
Payment. Builder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to submit an Application for Payment for each Property twice in any calendar month Owner shall make the applicable payment to Contractor within ten (10) business days of
receipt of an Application for Payment; provided, however that if an Application for Payment is received by Owner not later than the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of a month, Owner shall make the applicable payment to Contractor not later than the
final business day of the same calendar month. At Contractors option, Contractor may submit a single Application for Payment covering multiple Properties provided the Contractor for each Property provides the documentation and certifications
contemplated in Section 4.4.2 below. 

11 

4.4.2 Complete Application. Contractor shall provide with each Application
for Payment: (a) a spreadsheet or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Owner demonstrating that the costs set forth in the Application for Payment have actually been incurred; and (b) a budget-to-actual comparison report. In addition, upon Owners request, Contractor shall provide copies of: (1) for any line item expenditure in excess of $1,000,000 in a given month, copies of the
invoices identifying the amount payable or paid to the applicable Subcontractor(s) or bills or other statements identifying the costs payable or paid; and (2) such other supporting documentation for the draw as Owner may reasonably request. For
avoidance of doubt, Contractor may submit an Application for Payment for amounts incurred but not yet actually paid. In such event, upon receipt of the requested progress payment from Owner, Contractor shall promptly pay the amounts subject to
applicable Application for Payment and, upon Owners request, Contractor shall thereafter provide: (A) reasonable proof of payment by Contractor of the amount shown on each such invoice, tax bill or statement; (B) at Owners
request, where applicable, a conditional lien waiver and release in form and content reasonably satisfactory to Owner from Contractor and each Subcontractor relating to all Work for which the Application For Payment is being made; and (C) at
Owners request, where applicable, an unconditional lien waiver and release in form and content reasonably satisfactory to Owner from Contractor and each Subcontractor (relating to all Work covered by previously paid Applications for Payment) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in lieu of the lien releases, Builder may instead deliver to Owner a certificate, signed by an authorized agent or officer of Builder, confirming that the applicable Contractor and/or Subcontractor has been paid. 

4.4.3 Intentionally Omitted. 

4.4.4 Accounts Withheld. Payments may be withheld on account of and to the extent of (1) defective Work identified by the
Civil Engineer that is not remedied; (2) claims filed by third parties against Owner related to the Work to the extent such claims are not disputed; (3) failure of Contractor to make payments properly to Subcontractors or for labor,
materials or equipment; (4) a default by Contractor (existing beyond any applicable cure periods) has occurred under this Agreement and damages are payable to Owner in connection therewith, and (5) material failure to carry out the Work
substantially in accordance with the Contract Documents which adversely affects the Homesites then owned by Owner (Unpurchased Homesites). Only amounts reasonably estimated by the Civil Engineer as required to cure or remedy the
triggering cause or event shall be withheld pursuant to this Section 4.4.4. If Owner is entitled to withhold a payment pursuant to this Section 4.4.4, Owner must first give Contractor notice of the
same, which notice shall state in detail the reason for such withholding, the amount being withheld for such reason, and any portion of a payment due to Contractor that is not covered by such reasons for the withholding shall be paid to Contractor
in a timely manner. In no event shall Owner withhold amounts exceeding the reasonable cost to remedy the issues described in (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5) above. 

4.4.5 Delivery of Contracts. To the extent any Application for Payment pertains to amounts owing and paid by Contractor
pursuant to contracts with any Subcontractors, utility providers, or other third parties, then at Owners request, Contractor must, as a condition precedent to obtaining payment for any such amounts, have provided to Owner an executed but
redacted copy of the contract for the Major Subcontractors (as defined below), and any change orders or other modifications, to which the Application for Payment pertains, provided that the following terms shall not be redacted: scope of
work (inclusive of amounts and quantities), terms of payment, construction timing/completion schedules and budgets. 

12 

4.5 Final Payment. The term Final Payment shall mean
the entire unpaid balance of the Contract Sum and such Final Payment shall be paid, and/or applied as a credit as provided in Section 4.1.2, as applicable, to Contractor when all of the following have been completed: 

4.5.1 All of Contractors obligations under this Agreement to achieve Completion of the Work have been fully performed by Contractor
except for Contractors responsibility to satisfy requirements, if any, which necessarily survive the Final Payment; 

4.5.2 A
complete final Application for Payment has been submitted to Owner by Contractor; 

4.5.3 If and to the extent applicable, Contractor has
submitted acceptable evidence to Owner of the receipt of any required final inspection and approval of the Work from all applicable Approving Authorities; 

4.5.4 If the Option terminates prior to Builder having acquired all of the Homesites, Owner has received delivery of a soils compaction
report certified by the soils engineer confirming that the Homesites have been compacted to the appropriate density in compliance with the Contractors or Builders soils engineering specifications; 

4.5.5 If Owner still owns Unpurchased Homesites as of the date of the request for Final Payment, Owner has received: (1) a conditional
lien waiver and release (on the approved statutory form) from Contractor and each of Contractors Subcontractors of every tier who have billed in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) relating to all Work for which the Final Payment is
being made; (2) an unconditional lien waiver and release (on the appropriate approved statutory form) from Contractor and each of Contractors Subcontractors of every tier who have billed in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000)
relating to all Work performed for which payments have previously been made; and (3) such other invoices or documentation as Owner may reasonably request; provided, however, that in lieu of the forgoing lien releases, Builder may instead
deliver to Owner a certificate, signed by an authorized agent or officer of Builder, confirming that the applicable Contractor and/or Subcontractor have been or will be paid; and 

4.5.6 If the Option terminates prior to Builder having acquired all of the Homesites, Owner has received delivery of the as-built plans certified under seal by the Civil Engineer and/or, where appropriate, a registered land surveyor, if any, pertaining to all improvements constructed in connection with the Work. 

4.6 Final Credit; Waiver of Claims. In addition, at the last closing under the Option Agreement when Builder acquires all
then remaining unpurchased Homesites resulting in Builder having purchased all Homesites, Builder shall receive a credit against the Takedown Price equal to the Final Reconciliation Amount (as defined in the Option Agreement), and if the
Final Reconciliation Amount exceeds the Takedown Price of the unpurchased Homesites to be acquired at such last closing, Owner shall pay to Builder the excess concurrently with such Closing. Upon acceptance of Final Payment by Contractor,
Subcontractor or material supplier and the final credit described in the prior sentence, Contractor waives all claims against Owner and the Owner-Related Persons, except for those claims previously made in writing and identified by Contractor as
unsettled at the time of the final Application for Payment. Contractor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to include a similar release in all contracts with Subcontractors. 

13 

5. Contract Documents. This Agreement, Contractors construction
schedule, the drawings, plans, specifications (the Plans), and other documents (if any) listed in Exhibit D, other applicable documents listed in this Agreement, Change Orders (as defined
below) issued after execution of this Agreement, and any other contracts, agreements or documents required to create the Finished Homesites within the Property, shall collectively be referenced herein as the Contract Documents.
Owner acknowledges that it has approved the Contract Documents identified on Exhibit D. The intent of the Contract Documents is to include all items necessary for the proper execution and Completion of the Work by
Contractor. The Contract Documents are complementary with each other, and what is required by one Contract Document shall be as binding as if required by all Contract Documents. The Contract Documents shall not be construed to create a contractual
relationship of any kind between (1) Owner and a Subcontractor, (2) Owner and any engineer retained in connection with the development of the Property (each, an Engineer), or (3) any persons or entities other than
Owner and Contractor. Any such relationship must be established by separate contract. A Change Order is a written order executed by Owner and Contractor after the date of this Agreement authorizing a change in the Work or an
adjustment in the Contract Sum. Owner agrees not to unreasonably withhold its approval of any Change Order, changes to the Plans, or other similar changes proposed by Contractor. 

6. Work Free From Defects. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply only to Work performed by or at the direction of
Contractor and shall not apply to any Work performed by a replacement contractor or replacement builder retained by Owner after termination of this Agreement. 

6.1 Warranty. Contractor warrants to Owner that the Work will be free from defects, and such Work will conform with the
requirements of the Contract Documents; provided, however, that the warranty provided in this sentence shall expire on the later to occur of the following (Warranty Expiration Date): (a) two (2) years following the actual
date of completion of the applicable component of the Work or if this Agreement is terminated prior to Completion, the date upon which this Agreement is so terminated, or (b) the expiration of any warranty period required by the Approving
Authority with respect to any particular item of the Work warranted to any applicable Approving Authority. Any notice provided by Owner to Contractor prior to the Warranty Expiration Date shall be effective even if such warranty work is not
commenced until after the Warranty Expiration Date. Work not conforming to these requirements, including substitutions not properly approved and authorized, may be considered defective by Owner. Nothing in this Section 6 or
any other provision of this Agreement shall in any way limit or abrogate any right Owner may have under Section 7 (Contractor Indemnity). 

14 

6.2 Correction of Work. Prior to the Warranty Expiration Date,
Contractor, at its sole expense (but subject to payment or reimbursement from Owner to the extent of allocation of contingency or reallocation of Budget savings), shall promptly correct or shall cause to be corrected Work failing to conform to the
requirements of the Contract Documents, whether observed by Owner or any Approving Authority before or after completion of the applicable component of the Work and whether or not fabricated, installed or completed, and shall correct any Work found
not to be in accordance with the requirements of the Contract Documents. In the event of any dispute between Owner and Contractor regarding whether any correction of the Work is needed (other than corrections required by an Approving Authority),
such dispute shall be resolved by the Civil Engineer. The provisions of this Section 6.2 apply to Work done by Subcontractors as well as to Work done by direct employees of Contractor. Contractor understands that no portion
of the Contract Sum has been allocated for costs incurred in connection with the correction of the portion of the Work rejected by Owner or failing to conform to the requirements of the Contract Documents; accordingly, except for the reallocation of
contingency or reallocation of Budget savings, Contractor should not be entitled to any payment or reimbursement from Owner with respect to any expense so incurred unless otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. Without in any way
limiting Contractors indemnity obligations under Section 7, Contractors obligation to perform any warranty work with respect to the Work shall expire with respect to any defects or deficiencies discoverable upon
inspection (and expressly including latent defects) which are not disclosed in writing to Contractor on or before the Warranty Expiration Date. 

7. Contractor Indemnity. THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 5 OF THE MASTER AGREEMENT [INDEMNITY PROCEDURES] SHALL APPLY
TO ANY CLAIMS FOR INDEMNITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WITHOUT LIMITING BUILDERS INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS IN THE OPTION AGREEMENT, CONTRACTOR DOES AND SHALL
INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS, AND HEREBY RELEASES AND DISCHARGES, OWNER AND ITS MEMBERS AND MANAGER, THE MEMBERS OF ITS MEMBERS AND MANAGER, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND AFFILIATES (EXCLUDING OWNER,
COLLECTIVELY, THE OWNER-RELATED PERSONS), FOR, FROM AND AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, ACTIONS, DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, AND DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, CLAIMS), ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH
(A) THE PERFORMANCE OF THE WORK BY CONTRACTOR OR CONTRACTORS USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE PROPERTY, (B) ANY LIENS OR ENCUMBRANCES INCURRED OR RESULTING FROM THE ACTS OF CONTRACTOR AND ITS AGENTS, EMPLOYEES AND SUBCONTRACTORS, (C) ANY
WORK, OCCURRENCE, CONDUCT, ACT OR OMISSION MAINTAINED, PERFORMED, PERMITTED OR SUFFERED BY CONTRACTOR OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE, SUBCONTRACTOR OR SUPPLIER OF CONTRACTOR, OR ANY EMPLOYEE, AGENT, INVITEE OR LICENSEE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, ON OR ABOUT OR
PERTAINING TO THE PROPERTY, (D) ANY CLAIM PERTAINING OR RELATING TO THE HOMESITES, OR ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE PROPERTY, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS ARISING AS A RESULT OF THE EXISTENCE OF EXPANSIVE AND/OR SETTLING
SOILS AND THE CONDITION OF THE SURFACE AND SUB-SURFACE OF THE HOMESITES, ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE PROPERTY AND/OR THE FAILURE OF THE HOMESITES, ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE PROPERTY TO BE PROPERLY GRADED AND
COMPACTED IN A FASHION NECESSARY TO PREVENT SUBSIDENCE AND ANY OTHER SETTLEMENT, CAVITY FORMATION OR MOVEMENT OF THE SOILS (I.E. SUBSURFACE SOIL CONDITIONS 

15 

COMMONLY ASSOCIATED WITH SINKHOLE ACTIVITY), (E) ANY CONDITION OF OR ON THE HOMESITES, OR ANY OTHER PORTION OF THE PROPERTY, OR OF OR ON ANY STREET, CURB OR SIDEWALK THEREON OR ADJACENT THERETO
OR ANY IMPROVEMENT CONSTRUCTED OR TO BE CONSTRUCTED THEREON TO THE EXTENT THE CONDITION GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM ARISES PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF THE WORK OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, (F) CONTRACTORS FAILURE TO PERFORM
CONTRACTORS MATERIAL OBLIGATIONS, OR CONTRACTORS BREACH OF CONTRACTORS MATERIAL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, (G) ANY ACT OR NEGLIGENCE OF CONTRACTOR OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES, SUBCONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, INVITEES OR LICENSEES, (H) ANY ACCIDENT, INJURY OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER CAUSED TO ANY PERSON, ON THE PROPERTY OR ANY SIDEWALK, STREET OR LAND ADJACENT THERETO RESULTING FROM ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF CONTRACTOR OR ITS
REPRESENTATIVES, SUBCONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, INVITEES OR LICENSEES PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF THE WORK OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND (I) ANY ACTIVITIES PERFORMED BY CONTRACTOR ON PROPERTY NOT OWNED BY OWNER IN
CONNECTION WITH THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE SUBDIVISION IMPROVEMENTS (AS DEFINED IN THE OPTION AGREEMENT) OR OTHER DEVELOPMENT OF THE PROPERTY. THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION UNDER THIS SECTION 7 SHALL NOT BE LIMITED BY A LIMITATION
ON AMOUNT OR TYPE OF DAMAGES, COMPENSATION OR BENEFITS PAYABLE BY OR FOR CONTRACTOR OR A SUBCONTRACTOR UNDER WORKERS OR WORKMENS COMPENSATION ACTS, DISABILITY BENEFIT ACTS OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT ACTS OR ANY OTHER INSURANCE POLICY
REQUIRED TO BE MAINTAINED BY CONTRACTOR OR A SUBCONTRACTOR HEREUNDER. IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING RELEASE AND INDEMNITY, CONTRACTOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS OR BENEFITS UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED LIMITING THE
SCOPE OR NATURE OF THE RELEASE GRANTED BY CONTRACTOR TO OWNER PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 7. 

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, OR ANYTHING TO THE
CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 7, CONTRACTOR DOES NOT RELEASE (AND SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS) OWNER AND THE OWNER-RELATED PERSONS FOR OR FROM ANY CLAIMS TO THE EXTENT ARISING FROM (A) THE NEGLIGENCE OR
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF OWNER AND/OR ANY OWNER-RELATED PERSONS, (B) OWNERS FRAUD; (C) ANY IMPROVEMENTS INSTALLED, WORK PERFORMED, OCCURRENCE, CONDUCT, ACT OR OMISSION MAINTAINED, PERFORMED, PERMITTED OR SUFFERED BY OWNER, THE
OWNER-RELATED PERSONS OR BY ANY THIRD-PARTY (INCLUDING A REPLACEMENT BUILDER OR REPLACEMENT CONTRACTOR) (THIRD PARTY), OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE, CONTRACTOR, SUBCONTRACTOR OR SUPPLIER OF SUCH THIRD PARTY; (D) FROM THE
FAILURE TO PERFORM OR COMPLETE THE REMAINING WORK AFTER TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT DUE TO A DEFAULT BY OWNER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; (E) ANY ACCIDENT, INJURY OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER CAUSED TO ANY PERSON, FIRM OR CORPORATION ON OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE UNPURCHASED HOMESITES FOLLOWING A TERMINATION OF THE OPTION AGREEMENT (OR EARLIER TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT), UNLESS CAUSED BY OR THROUGH CONTRACTOR OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE, SUBCONTRACTOR OR SUPPLIER OF CONTRACTOR, AND
(F) ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIM ARISING FROM TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT DUE TO A DEFAULT BY OWNER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACTORS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION SHALL BE LIMITED TO ITS COMPARATIVE FAULT. 

16 

8. Representatives. Owner may appoint one or more representatives to
act on its behalf at all times while this Agreement remains in effect and may change its representative(s) at any time or from time to time, but only by written notice to Contractor. Contractor may appoint one or more representatives to act on its
behalf at all times while this Agreement remains in effect and may change its representative(s) at any time or from time to time, but only by written notice to Owner. 

9. No Control. Owner will not have control over or charge of and will not be responsible for construction means, methods,
techniques, sequences or procedures, or for safety precautions and programs in connection with the Work. Owner will not be responsible for Contractors failure to carry out the Work in accordance with the Contract Documents. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Owner (or its representatives) may, but shall have no obligation to, visit the site at intervals appropriate to the stage of construction to become generally familiar with the progress and quality of the completed Work and to determine in
general if the Work is being performed in a manner indicating that the Work, when completed, will be in accordance with the Contract Documents. However, in no event shall any such site visits be deemed an approval by Owner of the Work performed or
limit Contractors obligations and responsibilities hereunder. 

10. Subcontracts. A
Subcontractor is a person or entity who has a direct contract with Contractor or another Subcontractor engaged by Contractor to perform a portion of the Work at the site or supply materials for the Work. Upon written request,
Contractor shall promptly provide to Owner a list of the names and addresses of all Subcontractors and suppliers with which Contractor or any Subcontractors have contracts in amounts exceeding $50,000 or which file any lien notices (the
Major Subcontractors). Contracts between Contractor and Subcontractors shall be on Contractors standard form. 

11. Protection of Persons and Property. Contractors obligations under this Section 11 shall
terminate upon the later to occur of (a) when Contractor is no longer performing Work on the applicable Property (or earlier termination of this Agreement with respect to such Property), and (b) termination of the Option Agreement with
respect to such Property. Contractor shall be responsible for initiating, maintaining, and supervising all reasonable or necessary safety precautions and programs in connection with the performance of Work under this Agreement. In connection with
its performance of the Work, Contractor shall take reasonable precautions for the safety of, and shall provide reasonable protection to prevent damage, injury or loss to: 

11.1 Employees on the Work and other persons who may be affected thereby; 

11.2 The Work and materials and equipment to be incorporated therein; and 

17 

11.3 Other property at the site or adjacent thereto. 

In connection with its performance of the Work, Contractor shall be responsible for notices (with copies to Owner) and comply with applicable laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations and lawful orders of public authorities bearing on safety of persons and property and their protection from damage, injury or loss. Contractor shall promptly remedy damage and loss to property at the site caused in
whole or in part by Contractor, a Subcontractor or anyone directly or indirectly employed or utilized by any of them, or by anyone for whose acts they may be liable and for which Contractor is responsible, except for damage or loss attributable to
acts of Owner and/or the Owner-Related Persons, and not attributable to the fault or negligence of Contractor. The foregoing obligations of Contractor are in addition to Contractors obligations under Section 7. 

12. Responsible for Clean Fill. Any soils brought to the site shall be tested for suitability prior to delivery to the
Property. Contractor shall direct a geo-technical engineer to deliver a certificate to Owner confirming the suitability of all imported soils. Contractor assumes all liability with regard to the suitability of
imported soils. Receipt of a certificate by Owner shall not be construed as acceptance of the suitability of the imported soil. 

13.
OSHA Requirements. Contractor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all provisions of the Williams-Steiger Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 or any amendments, additions or deletions thereto or
regulations related thereto (OSHA) which are applicable to Contractor or the Work performed by or for Contractor. In no event shall Owner be responsible for fines or construction delays due to OSHA enforcement. 

14. Insurance

14.1 Required Coverage. Until the later of the Warranty Expiration Date or Builders acquisition of all of the Homesites
pursuant to the Option Agreement or earlier termination of this Agreement, Contractor shall purchase and continuously maintain insurance as set forth on Exhibit C to the Option Agreement, and all references to
Builder shall be deemed references to Contractor for purposes of this Section 14. 

14.2 Notice
of Loss. Promptly following the occurrence of a loss occurring on the Unpurchased Homesites which is tendered to Contractors insurance, Contractor shall promptly provide Owner with a written report of the loss; provided,
however, that such notice shall not be required upon and after Builders acquisition of all Homesites. 

14.3 No Modification of
Other Obligations. Contractors obligation to carry insurance as herein provided shall not limit or modify in any way any other obligation of Contractor under this Agreement, including, without limitation, Contractors
obligations under Section 7. 

18 

15. Remedies

15.1 Owners Breach. If, after satisfaction of all conditions precedent to Owners
obligation to make a payment as described in Section 4 and any other provisions of this Agreement, Owner fails to make a payment that is due Contractor and such failure continues for a period of ten (10) business days
after notice to Owner, Contractor may (a) offset the amount of such payment not made to Contractor (together with interest on such amount at the simple rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum from the date on which payment was required until
the date of the offset) against any amounts payable by Contractor (or Builder) to Owner under the Option Agreement, (b) exercise its lien rights under applicable law, (c) pursue legal recourse against Owner to recover from Owner delinquent
amounts due and owing to Contractor, and/or (d) terminate this Agreement. In no event shall Contractor have the right to seek recovery of any judgment pursuant to this Agreement against any shareholders of MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a
Maryland corporation. In the event Owner fails to perform any other obligations under this Agreement, Contractor shall be entitled to pursue Owner for damages (including contractor breakage or termination fees to the extent customary and typical in
the market in which the Property is located, and proven loss (including increased costs) with respect to materials, equipment, tools and construction equipment and machinery) incurred by Contractor as a result of Owners default. In the event
of any Owner default, Contractor shall be entitled to stop all Work, whereupon the deadlines for Completion set forth herein (and any similar Work-related deadlines in the Option Agreement) shall be extended on an equitable basis as determined by
the Civil Engineer, taking into account the actual delays incurred in completing the Work while the dispute is ongoing. 

The exercise of
any remedies by Contractor hereunder shall not have any impact on any remedies or rights available to Builder under the Option Agreement and/or the Founders Rights Agreement, and the exercise of any rights or remedies by Builder under the
Option Agreement and/or the Founders Rights Agreement shall not alter or modify Owners continuing obligations under this Agreement. 

15.2 Contractors Breach

15.2.1 If Contractor fails to correct Work performed by or for Contractor which is not in accordance with the requirements of the Contract
Documents or materially fails to carry out any such Work in accordance with the Contract Documents within twenty (20) business days after delivery of written notice from Owner of such deficiency (provided that if such failure cannot through the
exercise of reasonable diligence be cured within such twenty (20) business day period but cure is commenced within that period and thereafter is diligently prosecuted to completion and such cure is actually completed within one hundred twenty
(120) days of said notice, then no Contractor Default shall be deemed to have occurred), Owner, by a written order, may order Contractor to stop the Work, or any portion thereof, until the cause for such order has been eliminated, and Owner
shall have such remedies as are described in Section 15.2.2; however, the right of Owner to stop the Work shall not give rise to a duty on the part of Owner to exercise this right for the benefit of Contractor or any other
person or entity. 

15.2.2 If (a) Contractor defaults or materially fails or neglects to carry out the Work in accordance with the
Contract Documents, including the failure to timely pay Excess Costs not in written dispute by Contractor pursuant to Section 4.1.1, or (b) Contractor or Builder fails to perform a provision of any of the Contract
Documents, after thirty (30) days written notice to Contractor (in either instance, a Contractor Default) and without prejudice to any other remedy that Owner may have at law, in equity or by statute, Owner may make good such
deficiencies and may deduct the cost thereof, including compensation for the services of Owners representative and expenses made necessary thereby (not to exceed ten percent (10%) of the cost to remedy such deficiency). Alternatively, at
Owners option, and in addition to all other remedies available to Owner at law, in equity or by statute (but in no event shall Contractor be liable for consequential, special or punitive damages), in the event of a Contractor Default Owner may
elect, by notice to Contractor given within thirty (30) days after the date of the Contractor Default (the Election Notice) to either (a) require Contractor to cause the Completion of the Work in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and the Contract Documents by the applicable Completion Date and to fund all Excess Costs (including by filing a suit to specifically enforce Contractors obligations to cause the Completion of the Work and fund Excess
Costs in accordance with the terms set forth herein), or (b) order Contractor to stop undertaking all work on the Property, take possession of the site not previously acquired by Builder and of all materials thereon owned by Contractor, and
cause the Completion of the Work by whatever methods Owner deems appropriate, in which event (x) Contractors rights and obligations hereunder to perform any further Work shall immediately and without further notice terminate except: (i)as
set forth Section 15.2.3 below; and (ii) that Contractor shall continue to remain on the Property for so long as it is necessary to leave the Property in a reasonably safe condition, and (y) if Owner elects to
proceed under clause (b) above, then Builder shall have no further liability for Excess Costs. In the event Owner elects to remove and replace Contractor pursuant to its Election Notice, Contractor shall have no further obligation to perform or
pay for any further Work; provided, however, Contractor shall continue to remain responsible for any indemnification obligations arising under Section 7. In no event shall Contractor discontinue its work on or vacate the
Property leaving an unsafe condition remaining. Should Contractor fail to restore the Property to a reasonably safe condition, Contractor shall pay Owner the actual, third-party cost Owner incurs to make such conditions reasonably safe. The failure
of Owner to timely provide an Election Notice shall be deemed to constitute Owners election under clause (a) to cause Contractor to proceed with Completion of the Work on or before the applicable Completion Date. 

19 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Owner have the right to recover consequential, indirect,
exemplary or punitive damages under this Agreement. 

15.2.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if Owner delivers
an Election Notice directing Contractor to stop work pursuant to Section 15.2.2(b) (a Work Termination Notice) or this Agreement otherwise terminates, then: (a) Contractor shall nonetheless be entitled, at its option, to
pay for, perform and/or complete: (i) any Work Contractor or Builder has agreed to complete under the Financial Assurances; (ii) any Work Contractor or Builder has agreed to perform or complete for the benefit of third parties including,
without limitation adjacent property owners and/or prior owners of the Property; and (iii) Work that third parties including, without limitation adjacent property owners and/or prior owners of the Property, have agreed to complete for the
benefit of the Property; and (b) in connection with any of the foregoing, Contractor shall be entitled to payment reimbursement hereunder in accordance with the Budget as if this Agreement had not been terminated and irrespective of
Owners Work Termination Notice. For example, but without limitation, if Contractor or Builder has agreed to pay or reimburse a prior owner of the Property for portions of the Work (i.e., Seller post-closing work) and such costs have been
included in the Budget, Owner shall be obligated to pay for such Work notwithstanding the delivery of a Work Termination Notice or any other termination of this Agreement. 

20 

16. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

16.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State in which
the Property is located and any action related to such enforcement may be brought in any State or Federal court within the State in which the Property is located (the Courts of the Applicable State). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Owner and Builder acknowledge and agree that any action relating to the enforcement of a specific performance action of the conveyance of Homesites or other similar action relating to the creation, perfection or transfer
of interests in real, personal or intangible property shall be brought in the Courts of the Applicable State having jurisdiction over the Property. 

16.2 Successors and Assigns. All of the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
successors and assigns of Owner and Contractor. Contractor shall not have any right to assign its interest hereunder without the prior written consent of Owner, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; however, any such
assignment without Owners consent shall be voidable at Owners option. Owner shall not have any right to assign its interest hereunder without the prior written consent of Contractor, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed; however, any such assignment without Contractors consent shall be voidable at Contractors option. All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Contractor and Owner, as applicable, shall inure
to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the other party. 

16.3 Notices. No
notice, consent, approval or other communication provided for herein or given in connection herewith shall be validly given, made, delivered or served unless it is in writing and delivered personally, sent by reputable overnight courier (such as Fed
Ex or UPS), or sent by e-mail transmission (with confirmation of successful transmission), to: 

Owner at: 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

Builder at: 

U.S. HOME, LLC, LENNAR

HOMES HOLDINGS, LLC,
and

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC

[redacted]

Attn: [redacted]

Email:
[redacted]

With a copy to: 

Deverich & Gillman LLP

[redacted]

Attn.: [redacted]

Telephone: [redacted]

Email:
[redacted]

21 

or to such other addresses as any party hereto may from time to time designate in writing and deliver in a
like manner to the other. Notices, consents, approvals, and communications shall be deemed given and received upon delivery to the respective addresses set forth above, if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier, or upon successful e-mail transmission to the addresses set forth above. The inability to deliver because of a changed address of which no notice was given, or any rejection or other refusal to accept any notice, shall be deemed to be
the receipt of the notice as of the date of such inability to deliver or rejection or refusal to accept. Any notice to be given by any party hereto may be given by legal counsel for such party. 

16.4 Time of the Essence. Time limits stated in the Contract Documents are of the essence of this Agreement. By executing
this Agreement Contractor confirms that the time allowed to complete the Work is a reasonable period for performing the Work. 

16.5
Interpretation; Conflicts. The captions of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not govern or influence the interpretation hereof. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between the parties and,
accordingly, shall not be construed for or against either party regardless of which party drafted this Agreement or any portion thereof. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Founders Rights Agreement, the
terms of the Founders Rights Agreement shall be controlling. 

16.6 No Partnership; Third Person. It is not
intended by this Agreement to, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall, create any partnership, joint venture or other arrangement between Owner and Contractor. No term or provision of this Agreement is intended to, or shall, be for the
benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity not a party hereto including, without limitation, any broker, and no such party shall have any right or cause of action hereunder. 

16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Founders Rights Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Master Agreement,
the Addenda, and the Multiparty Agreement constitute the entire agreement between Owner and Contractor, and the reasonable expectations of, the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof. All prior and contemporaneous agreements,
representations and understandings of the parties, oral or written, are hereby superseded and merged herein. No change or addition is to be made to this Agreement except by a written agreement executed by all of the parties. 

16.8 Further Documents. Builder, Contractor and Owner shall execute and deliver all such documents and perform all such
acts as reasonably requested by the other party from time to time, to carry out the matters contemplated by this Agreement. 

16.9
Incorporation of Exhibits. All exhibits attached to this Agreement are by this reference incorporated herein. 

16.10
Date of Performance. If the date of performance of any obligation or the last day of any time period provided for herein should fall on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, then the obligation shall be due and owing, and the
time period shall expire, on the first day thereafter which is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. Unless otherwise stated, all references in this Agreement to days shall refer to calendar days. Business days shall be defined to mean all days
except Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays. Except as may otherwise be set forth herein, any performance provided for herein shall be timely made if completed no later than 6:00 p.m. (local time in the State in which the Property is located) on
the day of performance. 

22 

16.11 Survival. Except as expressly provided to the contrary herein,
all covenants, indemnities and other provisions of this Agreement which are expressly intended to survive the termination of this Agreement (or which by their terms are to be performed after termination) shall survive the termination of this
Agreement, so that all such obligations and indemnities shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. For avoidance of doubt, all payment obligations under this Agreement shall survive termination.

16.12 No Third Party Beneficiary. Contractors and Builders covenants set forth in this Agreement are
solely for the benefit of Owner and shall be enforceable by no other individual or entity. 

16.13 Jurisdiction. TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING IN SECTION 16.1 ABOVE, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW
OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THE STATE WHERE THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO, AND ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES IN ANY MANNER OBLIGATED TO OWNER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR
FEDERAL COURT WITHIN THE STATE IN WHICH THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED HAVING PROPER VENUE AND ALSO CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY ANY MEANS AUTHORIZED BY SUCH STATES OR FEDERAL LAW. 

16.14 Counterparts. This Agreement shall be executed simultaneously or in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The parties may also deliver executed copies of this Agreement to each other by facsimile or by electronic copy (e.g. pdf) including by electronic signature (e.g.,
www.docusign.com), which facsimile or electronic signatures shall be binding as if they were originals. 

16.15 Waiver of
Breach. A partys waiver of a breach of any of the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by the other party shall not be construed or held to be a waiver of any succeeding or preceding breach of the same or any other
term, covenant or condition contained herein. No waiver of any default by a party hereunder shall be implied from any omission by the other party to take any action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated and no express
waiver shall affect a default other than as specified in such waiver. The consent or approval by either party to or of any act by the other requiring the first partys consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the
consenting partys consent or approval to or of any subsequent similar acts by the other party. 

16.16 Waiver of Jury
Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION: (a) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING
ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE MODIFICATION THEREOF; OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT (AS NOW OR HEREAFTER MODIFIED) OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT,
DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION IS NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE
WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT THEY MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

23 

16.17 Partial Invalidity. If any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement
or its application to any person or circumstances shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such term or provisions to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected, and each
term hereof shall be legal, valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless an essential purpose of this Agreement would be defeated by the loss of the illegal, unenforceable, or invalid provision. In the event of such
partial invalidity, the parties shall seek in good faith to agree on replacing any such legally invalid provisions with valid provisions which, in effect, will, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly and fairly approach the effect of the invalid
provision and the intent of the parties in entering into this Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have entered into this Construction Agreement as of
the day and year first written above. 

OWNER:

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.,

a
Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: Millrose Properties, Inc., its sole Member

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

BUILDER:

U.S. HOME, LLC,

a Delaware limited
liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC,

a Delaware
limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

[Signature Page to Master Construction Agreement] 

25 

EXHIBIT A 

APPLICATION FOR PAYMENT 

CERTIFICATION FOR PAYMENT

Date of Request 

Pursuant
to that certain Master Construction Agreement (the Construction Agreement) between [Applicable Licensed Affiliate], a [] (Contractor), and [Owner
Property Affiliate], a Delaware limited liability company (Owner), dated [], 2025, Contractor hereby requests payment pursuant to this Application for Payment. Unless otherwise
defined, all capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Construction Agreement. 

(a) 

Application for Payment. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a true and correct statement of Work
performed by Contractor (the Application for Payment). Contractor hereby requests Owner to make a payment in the amount of ($) (the Payment) for the Work set
forth in the attached Application for Payment dated as of . 

(b) 

Representations. Contractor hereby represents, warrants and acknowledges to Owner the following:

(i) 

All expenses set forth in the attached Application for Payment have actually been incurred (or are owed) by
Contractor, and are for legitimate Work performed pursuant to the Construction Agreement. 

(ii) 

All expenses identified in the attached Application for Payment have actually been paid by Contractor, or will
be paid out of the Payment requested hereby. 

(iii) 

All Work performed identified in the attached Application for Payment has not been previously paid for by the
Owner. 

(iv) 

To Contractors actual knowledge, there are no mechanics liens against the Property (other than
those liens approved by Owner or disputed by Contractor). 

(v) 

To Contactors actual knowledge, Contractor is not in breach of the Construction Agreement and Contractor
is in compliance with its covenants, agreements and obligations under the Construction Agreement. 

(vi) 

The budget-to-actual comparison report attached to the Application for Payment represents the current estimate
of all direct, indirect, hard and soft costs required to complete the contracted improvements. 

(vii) 

Contractor expressly acknowledges and agrees that Owner is acting in justifiable reliance on the foregoing
representations and warranties in making the requested Payment. 

(c) 

Certification. The undersigned individual is an authorized agent or officer of Contractor. As
used in this Certification for Payment, terms such as to Contractors knowledge, to Contractors actual knowledge, to the best of Lennars knowledge or like phrases mean the actual present and
conscious awareness or knowledge of [Insert name of authorized agent] (the Contractor Select Individual) who Contractor represents and warrants has reviewed the relevant books and records for the applicable Property with
respect to the calculation of the Payment requested under this Application for Payment; provided that so qualifying Contractors knowledge shall in no event give rise to any personal liability on the part of the Contractor Select Individuals or
any officer or employee of Contractor, on account of any breach of any representation or warranty made by Contractor herein. 

Executed
as of (date). 

[APPLICABLE LICENSED AFFILIATE],

a [ _______]

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

EXHIBIT B 

FINISHED HOMESITE DESCRIPTION 

Without
limiting anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, a Finished Homesite shall, at a minimum, include the following: 

(i) The Homesite shall have
been graded to a pad elevation tolerance in substantial accordance with all rough grading plans (but excluding precise grading) with a pad certified with respect to line and grade by a civil engineer or surveyor licensed and in good standing in the
State in which the Property is located, and certified with respect to compaction by a soils engineer licensed and in good standing in the State in which the Property is located. 

(ii) All onsite and offsite water, gas, sewer, sewer treatment, storm water treatment ponds, electricity, telephone, internet, and cable television
infrastructure required for issuance of a building permit and/or certificate of occupancy shall have been installed and stubbed to the lot lines where the residence is to be constructed; 

(iii) All storm drain, and curb, gutter, and paving improvements to the streets shall have been constructed and installed in accordance with the improvement
plans for the Property; 

(iv) All monumentation, retaining, side yard and perimeter walls and fences referenced on the improvement plans for the Property
shall have been installed on the project boundary and Homesite boundaries as the same may be depicted in the plans and specifications and otherwise in conformance with the requirements of all applicable Approving Authorities; 

(v) All onsite and offsite landscaping, sidewalks, streetlights, street signs, striping, and water meters and boxes shall have been installed to the extent
required for issuance of a building permit and/or upon completion of a residence certificate of occupancy; 

(vi) All applicable Budgeted Fees shall have
been paid; and 

(vii) To the extent required for issuance of a building permit and/or certificate of occupancy for all Unpurchased Homesites, (a) all
onsite and offsite common area landscaping, park area, open space, trails and other public and private amenities shall have been completed and, (b) to the extent applicable with respect to property not owned by Owner, dedicated or transferred
to the Approving Authority and/or homeowners association and/or private operating entity. 

Exhibit B - 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>d760441dex108.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.8
<TEXT>
EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 

MULTIPARTY CROSS AGREEMENT 

(POOL [__]) 

THIS
MULTIPARTY CROSS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered as of [______], 202_ (the Effective Date) by the signatories to this Agreement (collectively, the Lennar
Parties and each, a Lennar Party) in favor of the parties identified on Schedule 1 attached hereto (collectively, the Owner Parties and each, an Owner
Party). 

R E C I T A L S 

A. U.S. Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Lennar Homes Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CalAtlantic
Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, Lennar), and Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (Owner), have previously entered into that certain Master Program Agreement, dated
February 7, 2025 (the Master Agreement). Initially capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Master Agreement. 

B. In accordance with the Master Agreement, Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Owner and Lennar
also executed that certain Master Option Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Option Agreement) and that certain Master Construction Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Construction
Agreement). Pursuant to the Option Agreement, the applicable Owner Party has granted (or will grant) the applicable Lennar Party an Option, as more fully set forth therein and the applicable Addendum. 

C. As described in the Master Agreement, Owner and its affiliates (including the Owner Parties) will acquire Properties which are
subject to the Master Option Agreement and Master Construction Agreement and such Properties will be grouped into Pools. 

D.
Certain Owner Parties have acquired (or substantially concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, will acquire) each of the Properties identified in Schedule 2 (each, a Pool Project). In addition, certain
Owner Parties anticipate acquiring those additional Properties (if any) identified in Schedule 3 (each, a Proposed Pool Project). When and if an Owner Party acquires a Proposed Pool Property and executes an Addendum
in connection therewith, such Property shall be a Pool Property for purposes of this Agreement. 

E. By execution of this Agreement,
Owner, US Homes, the Lennar Parties and the Owner Parties now wish to establish a Pool with respect to the Pool Properties, all as more fully set forth below. 

F. The Lennar Parties and the Owner Parties acknowledge that they (or their respective affiliates) will execute multiple Multiparty
Cross Agreements (generally in the form of this Agreement) (the Other Cross Agreements). Each of the Other Cross Agreements will create a separate Pool with distinct Properties in such Pool. This Agreement and
such Other Cross Agreements each will operate independently. For avoidance of doubt: (i) this Agreement shall apply only to the Properties identified on Schedules 2 and 3; (ii) and the Properties subject to the Other Cross Agreements
shall not be subject to or in any way impacted by this Agreement. 

G. The Lennar Parties acknowledge that: (i) the Owner Parties rights may
be materially adversely impacted; and (ii) the Owner Parties may be exposed to significant additional liability in the event of a termination of an Option with respect to any Pool Property or a default by a Lennar Party under the Option
Agreement with respect to any Pool Property. 

H. Each Lennar Party is entering into this Agreement to acknowledge its understanding
and acceptance of the material adverse impacts on each other Lennar Parties in the event that a default or other termination of the Option occurs with respect to one or more Pool Property. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Lennar Parties agree for the benefit of the
Owner Parties as follows: 

1.Recitals. The Recitals are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement.

2.Additional Pool Properties. From and after the date on which one or more Lennar Parties, on the one hand, and one
or more Owner Parties, on the other hand, enter into an Addendum with respect to a Proposed Pool Property, such Proposed Pool Property shall thereafter be deemed a Pool Property. At the request of an Owner Party, the Lennar Parties shall cooperate
to amend this Agreement to memorialize the transition of Proposed Pool Properties to Pool Properties concurrently with or following consummation of such transaction, but such Proposed Pool Property shall be deemed a Pool Property upon execution of
an Addendum irrespective of whether Owner Party makes such request. At the request of any Lennar Party, the Owner Parties shall amend this Agreement to ensure that the Pool Payment Obligation Limit (as defined in the Master Agreement) is
not exceeded, all as more fully set forth in the Master Agreement. 

3.Events Impacting Pool Properties. In the event
of the termination of an Option with respect to a Pool Property for any reason other than as a result of a Default (as such term is defined in the Option Agreement) by Owner or any Owner Party without Lennar acquiring all Homesites on
such Pool Property (each, a Cross Termination Event), then each Owner Party (acting independent of the other Owner Parties or in concert with one or more Owner Parties) shall have the right (but not the obligation) to
terminate the Option with respect any other Pool Property owned by such Owner Party (the Cross Termination Right), it being acknowledged by the Owner Parties that a Cross Termination Event does not constitute a default
under the Option Agreement other than as provided in the following sentence of this paragraph. An Owner Party shall exercise its Cross Termination Right, if at all, within twenty (20) business days after the occurrence of the Cross Termination
Event. Any Owner Partys failure to timely exercise such Cross Termination Right shall be deemed its waiver thereof. If an Option for a Pool Property has been terminated due to a Lennar Partys Default under the Option Agreement with
respect to such Property (a Defaulted Property), then the applicable Owner Party shall be entitled to pursue its rights and remedies arising from the Default under the Option Agreement with respect to only the Defaulted
Property but the Lennar Parties shall not be deemed in Default with respect to any other Pool Properties. For avoidance of doubt, termination of the Option in connection with a Lennar Partys acquisition of all Homesites on a Property shall not
be deemed a Cross Termination Event. 

2 

(a)Cure Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the Master Agreement, or in the Option Agreement, if a Lennar Partys Default under the Option Agreement with respect to a Pool Property (i) cannot be cured by the payment of amounts owed to Owner in connection with such
Property, (ii) is not within such Lennar Partys reasonable control to cure within the time period required under the Option Agreement, and (iii) is limited to a particular Pool Property, such as the breach of a representation or
covenant applicable to a particular Pool Property, and the applicable Owner Party elects to terminate the Option for such Property as a result of such Default (each, a Defaulted Project and collectively, the
Defaulted Projects), such Lennar Party may elect to consummate a Bulk Sale of the Defaulted Project on and subject to the terms of the Option Agreement without being required to enter into Bulk Sale transactions with
respect to any other Pool Properties. As such, following the close of escrow relating to such Bulk Purchase, Lennar shall be deemed, in all respects, to have cured the Lennar Partys Default with respect to all agreements related to such
Defaulted Project(s), and accordingly (i) the Owner Parties shall not be entitled to exercise the Cross Termination Right with respect to other Pool Properties; and (ii) if the applicable Owner Parties have exercised any Cross Termination
Rights in response to the Default relating to the Defaulted Project, such prior exercise of Cross Termination Rights shall be null and void and of no further force and effect and the applicable Options shall be reinstated in all respects. 

(b)Default Purchase; Bulk Repurchase. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,: (i) as and
when provided in the Option Agreement, the Lennar Parties, in their sole discretion, may elect to complete a Default Purchase; and/or (ii) as may be provided in an Addendum to the Option Agreement, the Lennar Parties may be required to complete
a Bulk Repurchase Closing. The completion of a Default Purchase and/or the completion of a Bulk Repurchase Closing shall not be a Cross Termination Event under this Agreement and the Lennar Parties shall not be required to acquire other Pool
Properties or any other properties in connection with a Default Purchase and/or ADR Bulk Repurchase Closing. 

(c)Fee Builder
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if a Cross Termination Event has occurred with respect to a Pool Property and Owner or any Owner Party has made a Fee Building Request pursuant to the Master
Agreement with respect to such Pool Property (a Fee Building Property) then: (i) the Cross Termination Event for such Fee Building Property shall deemed cured in all respects; (ii) the Owner Parties shall not be
entitled to exercise the Cross Termination Right with respect to other Pool Properties; and (ii) if the applicable Owner Parties have previously exercised any Cross Termination Rights due to a Cross Termination Event for such Fee Building
Property, such prior exercise of Cross Termination Rights shall be null and void and of no further force and effect and the applicable Options shall be reinstated in all respects. 

(d)Disputes. In the event of any dispute concerning any Owner Partys exercise of the Cross Termination Right: (i)
the terms and conditions set forth in Section 17.3 of the Option Agreement shall apply to the Owner Parties exercise of their rights under this Agreement; and (ii) subject to Section 17.3 of the Option Agreement, the parties shall have
such other rights and remedies as may be set forth in the Option Agreement and Founders Rights Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit any partys right, remedies or obligations under the Founders Rights Agreement. Any and
all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

3 

4.Miscellaneous. 

(a) Each party hereto (each, a Party) shall execute and deliver all such documents and perform all such acts
as reasonably requested by the other Parties from time to time to carry out the intent of this Agreement, including, without limitation, by entering into an amendment to this Agreement when an Addendum is entered into by Lennar Parties and Owner
Parties with respect to a Proposed Pool Property. 

(b) All schedules attached to this Agreement are by this reference incorporated
herein. 

(c) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Florida. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, any claim or action (a) to enforce a breach of the obligation to transfer interests in real, personal or intangible property (such as via Deeds and other documents to be recorded in the
Official Records of the County), or (b) relating to the creation, perfection and enforcement of any interests in real, personal or intangible property, liens or security interests, shall be governed by the laws of the State in which the
Property is located and any action related to such enforcement may be brought in any State or Federal court within the State in which the Property is located (the Courts of the Applicable State). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Owner and Builder acknowledge and agree that any action relating to the enforcement of a specific performance action of the conveyance of Lots or other similar action relating to the creation, perfection or transfer of
interests in real, personal or intangible property shall be brought in the Courts of the Applicable State having jurisdiction over the Property. 

(d) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING IN SECTION 3(c)
ABOVE, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN FLORIDA GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT, AND ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES IN ANY MANNER OBLIGATED TO ANY PARTY UNDER
THE THIS AGREEMENT, THE MASTER AGREEMENT, THE OPTION AGREEMENT AND/OR THE CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT WITHIN THE STATE OF FLORIDA HAVING PROPER VENUE AND ALSO CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY
ANY MEANS AUTHORIZED BY THE STATE OF FLORIDA OR FEDERAL LAW. 

(e) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION: (a) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE MODIFICATION THEREOF; OR (b) IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE THIS AGREEMENT, THE MASTER AGREEMENT, THE OPTION AGREEMENT AND/OR THE CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT (AS NOW OR HEREAFTER MODIFIED) OR ANY OTHER
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION IS NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER
SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO
TO THE WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT THEY MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

4 

(f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and
their respective legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. 

(g) This Agreement and the Master Agreement, the
Founders Rights Agreement, the Option Agreement the Construction Agreement, and the Addenda constitute the only agreements of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior understandings or written or oral
agreements between the Parties respecting the subject matter hereof and cannot be changed except by the Parties written consent. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Founders
Rights Agreement, the Master Agreement, or the Option Agreement, the terms of the the Founders Rights Agreement and Master Agreement shall control over this Agreement and the Option Agreement and the terms of the Option Agreement shall control
over this Agreement. 

(h) This Agreement shall be executed simultaneously or in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The parties may also deliver executed copies of this Agreement to each other by electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S.
federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. No party may raise the use of any
image transmission device or method or the fact that any signature was transmitted as an image as a defense to the enforcement of this Agreement. 

(i) Time is of the essence of this Agreement. 

(j) The obligations of each Lennar Party under this Agreement shall be joint and several. 

(k) Nothing herein shall limit any Owner Parties or Lennar Parties rights and remedies under the Option Agreement, Construction
Agreement, and/or Founders Rights Agreement. All such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

[Signatures begin on following page]

5 

The Lennar Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

LENNAR PARTIES

For [XXX] Project:

BUILDER:

[LENNAR DIVISION SIGNATURE],

a [_______________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTRACTOR:

LENNAR CONTRACTOR SIGNATURE],

a [_______________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S 6 

[Signature page to Multiparty Cross Agreement] 

For [XXX] Project :

LENNAR DIVISION SIGNATURE],

a [_______________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTRACTOR:

LENNAR CONTRACTOR SIGNATURE],

a [_______________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

For [XXX] Project:

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR:

LENNAR DIVISION SIGNATURE],

a [_______________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S 7 

[Signature page to Multiparty Cross Agreement] 

SCHEDULE 1 

LIST OF OWNER PARTIES 

Schedule 1 1 

SCHEDULE 2 

LIST OF POOL PROPERTIES

Schedule 2 1 

SCHEDULE 3 

LIST OF PROPOSED POOL PROPERTIES

Schedule 3 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d760441dex109.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.9
<TEXT>
EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

by and among

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., 

and 

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO

and 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,
N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

Dated as of
February 7, 2025, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

GOLDMAN SACHS
BANK, 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 

MIZUHO
BANK, LTD., and 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

CITIBANK, N.A. and 

GOLDMAN SACHS
BANK, 

as Co-Syndication Agents, 

and 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., and 

CITIZENS
BANK, N.A., 

as Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1. Defined Terms 1 

1.2. Other Interpretative Provisions 39 

1.3. Accounting Terms 40 

1.4. References to Agreements and Laws 40 

1.5. Time References 40 

1.6. Letter of Credit Amounts 41 

1.7. Disclaimer and Exculpation With Respect to any Rate 41 

ARTICLE II 

THE CREDITS 

2.1. The Credit Facility 42 

2.2. Advances 42 

2.3. [Reserved] 43 

2.4. Undrawn Fee; Reductions in Aggregate Commitment 44 

2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance; Maximum Number of Advances 44 

2.6. Prepayments 44 

2.7. Funding 45 

2.8. Interest Rates 45 

2.9. Rates Applicable After Default 45 

2.10. Method and Allocation of Payments 46 

2.11. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness 46 

2.12. [Reserved] 47 

2.13. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis 47 

2.14. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Aggregate Commitment Reductions 47 

2.15. Lending Installations 47 

2.16. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent 47 

2.17. [Reserved] 48 

2.18. Facility Increase 48 

2.19. [Reserved] 49 

2.20. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of a Lender 49 

2.21. Termination of Commitment of Non-Consenting Lender 50 

2.22. Defaulting Lenders 50 

ARTICLE III 

INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 

3.1. Increased Costs Generally 52 

3.2. Capital Adequacy 53 

3.3. Certificates for Reimbursement 53 

3.4. Delay in Requests 53 

3.5. Alternate Rate of Interest 54 

3.6. Funding Indemnification 55 

-i- 

Page 

3.7. Taxes 56 

ARTICLE IV 

THE LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY 

4.1. Letters of Credit 59 

4.2. Limitations 59 

4.3. Conditions 60 

4.4. Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit 60 

4.5. Duties of Issuing Bank 61 

4.6. Participation; Reimbursement 61 

4.7. Compensation for Letters of Credit 64 

4.8. Issuing Bank Reporting Requirements 64 

4.9. Indemnification; Nature of Issuing Banks Duties 65 

4.10. Cash Collateralization 66 

4.11. No Obligation 67 

4.12. [Reserved] 67 

4.13. Additional Provisions Regarding Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit 67 

4.14. Applicability of ISP 67 

4.15. Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries 67 

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

5.1. Closing Conditions 67 

5.2. Each Advance 69 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

6.1. Existence and Standing 70 

6.2. Authorization and Validity 70 

6.3. No Conflict; Consents 70 

6.4. Financial Statements 71 

6.5. Material Adverse Change 71 

6.6. Taxes 71 

6.7. Litigation 71 

6.8. Subsidiaries 71 

6.9. Accuracy of Information 71 

6.10. Regulation U 72 

6.11. Material Agreements 72 

6.12. Compliance with Laws 72 

6.13. Ownership of Inventory 72 

6.14. ERISA 72 

6.15. Investment Company Act 74 

6.16. Insurance 74 

6.17. Affected Financial Institutions 74 

6.18. Environmental Matters 74 

6.19. Senior Debt Status 74 

6.20. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 74 

-ii- 

Page 

6.21. PATRIOT Act 74 

6.22. Security Documents 75 

6.23. REIT Status 75 

ARTICLE VII 

COVENANTS 

7.1. Financial Reporting 75 

7.2. Use of Proceeds 78 

7.3. Notice of Default 78 

7.4. Conduct of Business; REIT Status 78 

7.5. Taxes 78 

7.6. Insurance 79 

7.7. Compliance with Laws 79 

7.8. Maintenance of Properties 79 

7.9. Lines of Business 79 

7.10. Mergers; Consolidations; Dissolutions 79 

7.11. Restricted Payments 81 

7.12. Disposition of Assets 82 

7.13. Transactions with Affiliates 82 

7.14. Investments 83 

7.15. Liens 85 

7.16. Additional Guarantors 85 

7.17. Release of a Guarantor 86 

7.18. Inspection and Appraisal 87 

7.19. Negative Pledge Clauses 87 

7.20. Designation of Subsidiaries 88 

7.21. Subsidiary Indebtedness 88 

7.22. Plans and Benefit Arrangements 89 

7.23. Lennar Agreements Matters 89 

7.24. Compliance with Environmental Matters 90 

7.25. Further Assurances 90 

7.26. Senior Debt Status 90 

7.27. Financial Covenants 90 

7.28. Financial Contracts 90 

7.29. Ownership of Subsidiaries 91 

7.30. Borrower Mortgages 91 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

ARTICLE IX 

ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 

9.1. Remedies 95 

9.2. Amendments 96 

9.3. Preservation of Rights 98 

-iii- 

Page 

ARTICLE X 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

10.1. Survival of Representations 98 

10.2. Governmental Regulation 98 

10.3. Headings 98 

10.4. Entire Agreement 98 

10.5. Subordination of Intercompany Debt 98 

10.6. Several Obligations Benefits of This Agreement 99 

10.7. Expenses; Indemnification; Limitation of Liability 99 

10.8. Numbers of Documents 101 

10.9. [Reserved] 101 

10.10. Severability of Provisions 101 

10.11. Nonliability of Lenders 101 

10.12. Confidentiality 102 

10.13. Nonreliance 103 

10.14. USA PATRIOT Act 103 

10.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 103 

10.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 104 

ARTICLE XI 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

11.1. Appointment and Authority 105 

11.2. Rights as a Lender 106 

11.3. Exculpatory Provisions 106 

11.4. Reliance by Administrative Agent 107 

11.5. Delegation of Duties 107 

11.6. Resignation of Administrative Agent 107 

11.7. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 108 

11.8. No Other Duties, Etc. 110 

11.9. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 110 

11.10. Withholding Tax 111 

11.11. Notice of Default 111 

11.12. Administrative Agents Fee 111 

11.13. Delegation to Affiliates 111 

11.14. Arrangers Responsibilities and Duties 111 

11.15. Certain ERISA Matters 111 

11.16. Borrower Communications 112 

11.17. Security Documents and Administrative Agent 113 

11.18. Credit Bidding 114 

ARTICLE XII 

SETOFF; RATABLE PAYMENTS 

12.1. Setoff 115 

12.2. Ratable Payments 115 

-iv- 

Page 

ARTICLE XIII 

BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 

13.1. Participations 116 

13.2. Assignments 117 

13.3. Dissemination of Information 120 

ARTICLE XIV 

NOTICES 

14.1. Notices 120 

14.2. Change of Address 121 

ARTICLE XV 

COUNTERPARTS 

15.1. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 121 

ARTICLE XVI 

CHOICE OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

16.1. GOVERNING LAW 121 

16.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 123 

16.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 123 

16.4. WAIVER OF VENUE 123 

16.5. SERVICE OF PROCESS 124 

-v- 

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 

Pricing Schedule 

Exhibit A Form of Note

Exhibit B Form of Letter of Credit Application

Exhibit C Form of Commitment and Acceptance

Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit F Form of Borrowing Notice

Exhibit G Form of Rate Option Notice

Exhibit H Form of Guaranty Agreement

Exhibit I Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit J Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

Exhibit K Form of Pledge Agreement

Exhibit L Form of Borrower Mortgage

Schedule 1 Lenders and Commitments

Schedule 2 Existing Liens

Schedule 3 Litigation

Schedule 4 Guarantors

Schedule 5 TRS Entities

Schedule 6 Environmental Matters

Schedule 7 Existing Investments

-vi- 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This Credit Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, is among Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, the Lenders party
hereto, the Issuing Banks party hereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent). 

AGREEMENT 

NOW THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby covenant and agree, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

1.1. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
meanings set forth below: 

ABR Advance means an Advance consisting of ABR Loans. 

ABR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Acceptable Appraisal means, with respect to each property securing a Mortgage Loan Made, the most recent appraisal of such
property received by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 7.1(xii) (a) from an appraisal company reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) the scope and methodology (including, to the extent relevant,
any sampling procedure employed by such appraisal company) of which are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Acceptable Appraisals may be shared with any Lender. 

Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, by which the Borrower, any Borrowing Base Party
or Guarantor (i) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of another Person or any material line of business, business unit or division thereof, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii) directly or indirectly
acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes or by percentage of voting power) of the Voting Stock of another Person. 

Additional Lender means a New Lender (approved by the Administrative Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) or an existing Lender that elects, upon request by the Borrower, to issue a Commitment or to increase its existing Commitment, pursuant to Section 2.18. 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means the Term SOFR Rate, plus 0.10%. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
above, in the event the rate determined pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be less than zero, then (for the avoidance of doubt) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan, in its capacity as contractual representative of the Lenders pursuant to Article XI,
and not in its individual capacity as a Lender, and any successor Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Article XI. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a
form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Advance means a borrowing hereunder consisting of a group of Loans made at
the same time, and (except as otherwise provided in Section 3.5) at the same Rate Option, and (in the case of Term SOFR Loans) for the same Interest Period. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control
with such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through
ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent Parties is defined in Section 14.1(b) 

Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all the Lenders, in each case as increased or reduced from
time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitment is $1,335,000,000. 

Aggregate Credit
Facility Limit means $2,000,000,000. 

Aggregate L/C Limit means $200,000,000. The Aggregate L/C Limit is part
of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitment. 

Agreement means this credit agreement, as it may be amended or
modified and in effect from time to time. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the
greatest of (i) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus12 of 1% and (iii) the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate
or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as
so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Anti-Corruption
Laws means, at any time, all laws, rules, and regulations of any Governmental Authority to whose jurisdiction a Loan Party is subject at such time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Base Rate Margin means, with respect to ABR Loans at any time, the percentage rate per annum specified as the
Applicable Base Rate Margin at such time, as determined pursuant to the Pricing Schedule. 

Applicable Fee
Rate means, at any time, the percentage rate per annum specified as the Applicable Fee Rate at such time, as determined pursuant to the Pricing Schedule. 

-2- 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any Person, all laws and provisions
of constitutions, statutes, rules, regulations, official administrative pronouncements, and orders of governmental bodies or regulatory agencies applicable to such Person, including all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators in proceedings
or actions to which the Person in question is a party or by which it is bound. 

Applicable Letter of Credit Rate means,
at any time, the Applicable Term SOFR Margin at such time as determined pursuant to the Pricing Schedule. 

Applicable
Rate means the Applicable SOFR Margin, the Applicable Base Rate Margin or the Applicable Fee Rate, as applicable. 

Applicable SOFR Margin means, with respect to any SOFR Loans at any time, the percentage rate per annum specified as the
Applicable SOFR Margin at such time, as determined pursuant to the Pricing Schedule. 

Application means an
application requesting the Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit, substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto or in such other form as the Issuing Bank and Borrower may agree upon from time to time. 

Approved Borrower Portal is defined in Section 11.16(a). 

Arranger means (i) each institution named as a Joint Lead Arranger, Joint Bookrunner,
Co-Syndication Agent, Co-Arranger or Documentation Agent on the cover page of this Agreement and (ii) the successors and assigns of the foregoing. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 13.2), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Assumed Purchase Money Loans means at any time (a) the outstanding amount of all loans secured by assets purchased by
any Restricted Subsidiary and assumed or entered into by such Restricted Subsidiary within 180 days after the date of purchase, provided that (i) the amount of any such loan does not exceed the purchase price of the applicable asset and
(ii) such loan may only be secured by a security interest on such asset and improvements constructed thereon in the normal course of the Restricted Subsidiaries business, as well as additions and accessions thereto and products and
proceeds of the foregoing and (b) any amendment, modification, extension or refinancing of such loans, provided that, with respect to the loans as amended, modified, extended, or refinanced, (A) the aggregate amount thereof shall
not exceed the purchase price of the applicable asset plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees, costs and premiums associated with any such amendment, modification, extension or refinancing and (B) such loans and refinancings shall not be
secured by any assets of any Restricted Subsidiary other than those initially purchased by the applicable Restricted Subsidiary, and improvements constructed thereon in the normal course of the Restricted Subsidiaries business, as well as
additions and accessions thereto and products and proceeds of the foregoing. 

Authorized Officers means those Persons
designated by written notice to the Administrative Agent from the applicable Loan Party, authorized to execute notices, reports and other documents required hereunder. The Loan Parties may amend such list of Persons from time to time by giving
written notice of such amendment to the Administrative Agent. 

-3- 

Available Commitment means, at any time, the amount by which (a) the
Aggregate Commitment exceeds (b) the Outstanding Amount. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination
and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest
Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.5(f). 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior
benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.5(b). 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) in the case of a replacement for Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 

provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, such
Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement: 

-4- 

(1) for purposes of clause (1) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement, 0.10%; and 

(2) for purposes of clause (2) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving
due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the
Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base
Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition, timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, the formula for calculating any
successor rates identified pursuant to the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the formula, methodology or convention for applying the successor floor to the successor Benchmark Replacement and other technical, administrative or
operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market
practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the
then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof)
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative;
provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving
rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 

-5- 

Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have
occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of
the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date
pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.5 and
(y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.5. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

-6- 

Benefit Arrangement means an employee benefit plan, within
the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is neither a Plan nor a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained, sponsored or otherwise contributed to by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board means The Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America (or any successor). 

Book Value means, with
respect to any asset, the net book value thereof as included in the Borrowers most recent consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1 or, in the case of any assets acquired subsequent to the period for which such
financial statements were delivered, the net book value thereof determined on a basis substantially consistent the Borrowers most recent consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1 and as set forth in any Borrowing
Base Certificate or Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate delivered in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Borrower means
Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its successors. 

Borrower Communications means, collectively,
any Borrowing Notice, Rate Option Notice, notice of prepayment, Application or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions
contemplated therein which is distributed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal. 

Borrower Mortgages means the mortgages, deeds of trust, deeds to secure debt and other security documents with respect to
real property made by the applicable PropertyCo LLC in favor of the Borrower as security for the obligations under a Closing Date Intercompany Note in substantially the form of Exhibit L hereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, and subject, in all cases, to the Recognition Agreement. 

Borrowers Collateral means,
collectively, all of the Pledged Collateral as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement, the Property as defined in the Borrower Mortgages and all other property of whatever kind and nature subject or purported to be
subject from time to time to a Lien under any Borrower Security Document. 

Borrower Security Documents means the Pledge
and Security Agreement, the Borrower Mortgages and any other security document, pledge agreement, mortgage, instrument or document utilized to pledge or grant or purport to pledge or grant a security interest or Lien on any property as collateral in
favor of the Borrower as security for the obligations under any Intercompany Note. Borrowing Base means at any time the sum (without duplication) of the following as calculated in the Borrowing Base Certificate or Pro Forma
Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered hereunder: 

(i) 100% of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents in
excess of $25,000,000; 

(ii) 75% of the sum of the Book Value of all Single-Family Lots Under Contract; 

(iii) 70% of the sum of the Book Value of all Single-Family Lots Not Under Contract; 

-7- 

(iv) 65% of the sum of the Book Value of all Land Under Development;

(v) 50% of the sum of the Book Value of all Land Held for Future Development; 

(vi) 60% of the sum of the Book Value of all Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Under Contract; 

(vii) 40% of the sum of the Book Value of all Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Not Under Contract; and 

(viii) 50% of the sum of the Book Value of all Mortgage Loans Made; 

provided that (a) any asset listed in clauses (ii) through (vii) shall be included in the Borrowing Base solely to the extent the Borrower
has delivered to the Administrative Agent (w) evidence that any intercompany debt owed by the applicable PropertyCo LLC (that owns such asset) to the Borrower is evidenced by an Intercompany Note in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent and such Intercompany Note has been pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Pledge Agreement and such Intercompany Note accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignments in blank, has been
delivered to the Administrative Agent, (x) an executed and unfiled mortgage made by the applicable PropertyCo LLC granting Liens on such asset to secure the obligations owed under the applicable Intercompany Note in substantially the form of
Exhibit L hereto, or otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (y) a pledge agreement, in substantially the form of the Pledge and Security Agreement or otherwise in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and all filings and documents, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which Millrose Properties Holdings or such other parent of the
applicable PropertyCo LLC grants a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Borrower as security for the obligations owed under the applicable Intercompany Note in the Capital Stock of the applicable PropertyCo LLC that owns such
asset, and UCC-3 financing statement amendments which assign any UCC-1 financing statements filed in connection with any Borrower Security Document to the Administrative
Agent; provided that, this clause (y) shall be deemed satisfied if the Capital Stock of such PropertyCo LLC is subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent as security for the Obligations,
pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, or such other pledge agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) to the extent such asset securing the obligations under an Intercompany Note other than a Closing
Date Intercompany Note, evidence in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that Lennar has provided the requisite consent under Section 3.06 of the Founders Rights Agreement, (b) the advance rate for
any Single-Family Lot Not Under Contract that has been a Single-Family Lot Not Under Contract for 18 months or more shall decrease to 65%; provided that the measurement period for such 18 months shall not begin prior to the Closing Date,
(c) to the extent the sum of the items in clause (v) above, together with the sum of all Mortgage Loans Made secured by Land Held for Future Development that are included pursuant to clause (viii) above, would exceed 40% of the
Borrowing Base, such excess shall be disregarded in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, (d) no asset that is not wholly-owned by a Borrowing Base Party shall be included in the Borrowing Base, (e) no asset that is subject to any Lien
(other than Liens described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vii), (viii), (x), (xvi), (xx), (xxii) or (xxvi) of the definition of Permitted Liens) shall be included in the Borrowing Base, (f) to the extent the sum of
the items in clause (viii) above would exceed 5% of the Borrowing Base, such excess shall be disregarded in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, (g) to the extent (v) no Acceptable Appraisal has been delivered with respect to the
Mortgage Loan Made, (w) the Loan-to-Value Ratio of any Mortgage Loan Made is in excess of 0.75 to 1.00, (x) (I) a Mortgage Loan Made is not subject to a first
priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent or (II) the property securing a Mortgage Loan Made is subject to a Lien (other than Liens in favor of a Loan Party or 

-8- 

Liens similar or analogous to those described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vii), (viii), (x), (xvi), (xx), (xxii) or (xxvi) of the definition of Permitted Liens), (y)
the counterparty to a Mortgage Loan Made is an Affiliate of any Borrowing Base Party or any employee, officer, director or agent of any Borrowing Base Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or (z) the counterparty to a Mortgage Loan Made
is in default with respect to such Mortgage Loan Made such that the Loan Party party thereto has the right to exercise remedies, in each case, such Mortgage Loan Made shall be disregarded in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, (h) to the
extent the sum of the items in clauses (vi) and (vii) of the Borrowing Base definition would exceed 5% of the Borrowing Base, such excess shall be disregarded in the calculation of the Borrowing Base and (i) for purposes of the calculation
of the Borrowing Base in any Borrowing Base Certificate or Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate, any reference to the Borrowing Base Parties in the definition of any defined term used in clauses (i) through (viii) above shall be deemed to
include any Restricted Subsidiary that has become a Guarantor or a Borrowing Base Party on or prior to the date such Borrowing Base Certificate or Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered pursuant to this Agreement, even if such Restricted
Subsidiary had not become a Guarantor or otherwise become a Borrowing Base Party, as applicable, on or prior to the date the Borrowing Base in such certificate is calculated for. 

Borrowing Base Availability means, as of any date, the lesser of (a)(i) the Aggregate Commitment minus (ii) the
Outstanding Amount on such date and (b)(i) the Borrowing Base calculated in the Borrowing Base Certificate or Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered hereunder minus (ii) the Borrowing Base Debt on such date. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate duly executed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer,
controller, chief accounting officer, or other officer that has similar responsibilities of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit J. 

Borrowing Base Debt means, as of any date, the sum of (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Senior
Indebtedness, excluding Nonrecourse Indebtedness and Permitted Purchase Money Loans; provided, that, to the extent that any Loan Party or any other Restricted Subsidiary provides a guarantee in respect of, or is otherwise liable for,
any Indebtedness that is structured as Nonrecourse Indebtedness (and such guarantee or liability would not constitute Permitted Recourse), the amount of such Nonrecourse Indebtedness shall be included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Debt to the
extent (and only to the extent) to which such Indebtedness is recourse to such Person in excess of Permitted Recourse and (b) any Lennar Cure Amount. 

Borrowing Base Party means, collectively, (x) each Loan Party and (y) each Restricted Subsidiary that is a party
to any Intercompany Note. 

Borrowing Date means a date on which an Advance is made hereunder. 

Borrowing Notice is defined in Section 2.2(3). 

Budget means an annual budget for the applicable fiscal year, prepared on a monthly basis, including balance sheets, income
statements, and statements of cash flow for such months. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or
other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, in relation to SOFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any
SOFR Loans or any other dealings of SOFR Loans, the term Business Day shall exclude any such day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

-9- 

Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase,
warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity of any Person, including any preferred stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity. 

Capitalized Lease of a Person means any lease of Property by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided; that all leases of any Person that are or would have been characterized as operating leases in accordance with GAAP on December 31, 2020 (whether or not such operating
leases were in effect on such date) shall be accounted for as operating leases (and not as Capitalized Leases) for purposes of this Agreement regardless of any change in GAAP following December 31, 2020 that would otherwise require such leases
to be recharacterized as Capitalized Leases. 

Cash Collateralize means to pledge subject to an exclusive perfected
security interest, and deposit with or deliver to, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Issuing Banks or Lenders, as collateral for Letter of Credit Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect
of Letter of Credit Obligations, cash or deposit account balances, in each case in amounts (not in excess of 103% of the amount of such Letter of Credit Obligations) and pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and each applicable Issuing Bank. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 

Cash Equivalents means (a) cash and cash equivalents, as defined under GAAP, and (b) whether or not constituting
cash or cash equivalents as defined under GAAP, investments referred to in clause (ii) of the definition of Marketable Securities which mature within one year from the date of acquisition thereof. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on
which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration,
interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 3.2, by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or Issuing
Banks holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests,
rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant
to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Change in Status means the occurrence of any of the following events with respect to a Subsidiary that, immediately prior
to such event, is a Guarantor: (a) all or substantially all of the assets of such Subsidiary are sold or otherwise disposed of in a transaction in compliance with the terms of this Agreement; (b) all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary
(or of a parent entity of such Subsidiary) held by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is sold or otherwise disposed of (including by merger) to any Person other than a Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in a transaction in compliance with
the terms of this Agreement; (c) such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or merges into an Unrestricted Subsidiary) in compliance with the terms of this Agreement; (d) such Subsidiary becomes a Taxable REIT Subsidiary;
(e) the Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent that such Subsidiary constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary and the Borrower requests that a Change in Status occur with respect 

-10- 

to such Subsidiary; or (f) the Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent that such Subsidiary no longer constitutes a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result of a transaction entered into
by such Subsidiary or the parent of such Subsidiary in good faith for a bona fide business purpose with a non-affiliate (and not for the purpose of evading the guaranty requirements hereunder), no Event of
Default exists at such time or would exist after giving effect to such transaction and the Borrower requests that a Change in Status occur with respect to such Subsidiary. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) any sale, lease, or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of
the consolidated assets of the Borrower to any Person (other than (x) any such sale, lease or other transfer to any Subsidiary of the Borrower and (y) any such sale, lease or other transfer pursuant to the Master Program Agreement as in
effect as of the Closing Date or any sale, lease or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions) pursuant to similar agreements); provided that a transaction or series of transactions where the holders of all classes of
Voting Stock of Borrower immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, Voting Stock representing more than 35% of the voting power of all the Voting Stock of such Person immediately after such transaction shall not be a Change
of Control; 

(ii) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act (other than the Borrower)) publicly discloses, including by filing a Schedule 13D or Schedule TO, or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries publicly discloses, including by filing any other schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act
(including a Current Report on Form 8-K), facts indicating that such person or group has become the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) of Voting Stock of the Borrower representing 50% or more of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower; or 

(iii) the stockholders of Borrower approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of Borrower. 

Closing Date means February 7, 2025, the Business Day on which the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 were
satisfied or waived. 

Closing Date Intercompany Note means (i) that certain Promissory Note, dated
February 6, 2025, made by Millrose Properties Holdings and each of the PropertyCo LLCs as of the Closing Date payable to the Borrower, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including
the joinder after the Closing Date of additional PropertyCo LLCs (the Initial Closing Date Intercompany Note) and (ii) any similar intercompany promissory notes made by any one or more Taxable REIT Subsidiaries payable to the
Borrower that are pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Pledge Agreement related to Properties subject to Program Agreements with Lennar. For the avoidance of doubt, any Closing Date Intercompany Note shall be deemed to not be a
Mortgage Loan Made. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of
the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

-11- 

Collateral means, collectively, all of the Collateral as
defined in the Pledge Agreement and all other property of whatever kind and nature subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Security Document. 

Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Not Under Contract means parcels of land wholly owned by any Borrowing Base Party and zoned for
commercial or clubhouse development which are not Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Under Contract. 

Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Under
Contract means parcels of land wholly owned by a Borrowing Base Party and zoned for commercial or clubhouse development and upon which development activities have commenced and are proceeding or have been completed, with respect to which
the applicable Borrowing Base Party has entered into (i) a bona fide contract of sale with any other Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower, in a form customarily employed by the Borrowing Base Parties with a Person who is not a
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower, or (ii) a bona fide option to purchase agreement with Lennar or any of its subsidiaries; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether development activities have
commenced with respect to a parcel of land shall be made on a project-by-project basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Commitment means, for each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans and to participate in Letters of Credit, in
an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount set forth in Schedule 1 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment for such Lender or as set forth in any Assignment and Assumption that has become effective pursuant to
Section 13.2(b)(iv) or in any Commitment and Acceptance that has become effective pursuant to Section 2.18, as such amount may be decreased from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Commitment of each Lender as of the Closing
Date is set forth on Schedule 1 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Commitment and
Acceptance is defined in Section 2.18(b). 

Communications is defined in Section 14.1(b). 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate, in substantially the form of Exhibit I, required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 7.1. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use or administration of Term
SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.5 and other
technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for
the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, (a) Consolidated Net Income plus (b) to the extent deducted from
revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income: (i) interest expense, (ii) expense 

-12- 

for income taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) non-cash (including impairment) charges, expenses, and losses,
(vi) extraordinary, exceptional, unusual, or non-recurring charges, expenses, or losses, and (vii) loss (gain) on early extinguishment of indebtedness, minus (c) to the extent added to
revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income, (i) non-cash gains and extraordinary gains (including for the avoidance of doubt, gains relating to the release of any tax asset valuation reserves), (ii)
interest income and (iii) benefit for income taxes. For purposes of Section 7.27(2), Consolidated EBITDA (a) for the twelve month period ending June 30, 2025, shall be Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ending
June 30, 2025 multiplied by four, (b) for the twelve month period ending September 30, 2025, shall be the sum of Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 multiplied by two and (c) for the
twelve month period ending December 31, 2025, shall be the sum of Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025 multiplied by four-thirds. 

Consolidated Interest Incurred means for any period, the aggregate amount (without duplication and determined in each case
in accordance with the Borrowers GAAP financial statements) of interest incurred (whether expensed or capitalized, paid, or scheduled to have been paid or accrued, during such period) by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary during such
period, including (a) the interest portion of all deferred payment obligations and (b) all commissions, discounts, and other fees and charges (excluding premiums) owed with respect to bankers acceptances and letter of credit
financings (including, letter of credit fees) and hedging obligations minus interest income of the Loan Parties and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent attributable to such period; provided that interest owed
by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary to another Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary shall be excluded. 

Consolidated
Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt,
Consolidated Net Income shall not include the net income of Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Net
Worth means at any time the consolidated stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated
Net Worth shall not include changes to the stockholders equity after September 30, 2024 attributable to Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Controlled Group means all members of a controlled group of corporations or other business entities and all trades or
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with any Loan Party, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. 

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Covered Entity is defined in Section 10.16. 

Covered Party is defined in Section 10.16(a). 

Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date (a SOFR Rate Day), SOFR published on the fifth (5th)
U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such day by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website (such day, a SOFR Determination Day); provided, however, that if such day is not a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, then Daily Simple SOFR means such rate so published on the fifth (5th) U.S. Government Securities Business Day 

-13- 

preceding the first (1st) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day
immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred,
then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that any SOFR
determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and
including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the
Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of
the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default means an event that but for
the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means a rate
equal to 2% per annum. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days
of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Loan Party any other amount required to be paid by it
hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding
(specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Loan Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply
with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including
the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Loan
Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this
Agreement; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Loan Partys receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or
(d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the
benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or
(iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any
direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of
judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a
Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.22(b)) upon
delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank and each Lender. 

-14- 

Disposition means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition
(in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of any property by any Person (including any sale leaseback transaction), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable
or any rights and claims associated therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) leases of Property (other than sale and leaseback transactions) entered into in the ordinary course of business and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock of the
Borrower shall be deemed not to be Dispositions. 

Disqualified Equity Interests means any equity interest that, by its
terms (or by the terms of any security or other equity interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the election of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to
the prior Repayment in Full), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for
Indebtedness, in each case prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the latest Termination Date with respect to any Commitments hereunder at the time such Disqualified Equity Interests are
issued; providedthat if such equity interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such equity interests shall not constitute
Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or the Subsidiaries pursuant to such plan. 

Distribution Agreement means that certain Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025, by and between Lennar
Corporation and the Borrower. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition,
or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway or any other
member state of the European Economic Area. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other
record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

Eligible
Assignee means any of (i) a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender; (ii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having (x) total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000 and
(y) a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the OECD, or a political subdivision of any such country, and having (x) total assets
in excess of $1,000,000,000 (or an equivalent amount in any other currency) and (y) a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000 (or an equivalent 

-15- 

amount in any other currency); provided that such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the country in which it is organized or another country which is also a member of
OECD; (iv) a life insurance company organized under the laws of any State of the United States, or organized under the laws of any country and licensed as a life insurer by any State within the United States and having admitted assets of at
least $1,000,000,000 (or an equivalent amount in any other currency); or (v) a nationally or internationally recognized investment banking company or other financial institution in the business of making, investing in or purchasing loans, or an
Affiliate thereof organized under the laws of any State of the United States or any other country which is a member of OECD, and licensed or qualified to conduct such business under the laws of any such State and having (1) total assets of at
least $1,000,000,000 (or an equivalent amount in any other currency) and (2) a net worth of at least $250,000,000 (or an equivalent amount in any other currency). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) in no event shall a Defaulting Lender be
deemed to be an Eligible Assignee, (b) Eligible Assignee shall not include Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates, and (c) Eligible Assignee shall not include (1) any Sanctioned Person or (2) any other Person
if such assignment or participation by such Person would cause a violation of Sanctions or applicable Laws by any Person (including the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries). 

Environment means ambient air, indoor air and any workplace, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, soil, land surface
and subsurface strata, and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 

Environmental Laws means all
applicable treaties, rules, regulations, codes, permit or license conditions, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and other applicable requirements of law, and all applicable injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into
by or with any Governmental Authority, in each instance relating to the protection of the Environment, to the Release or threatened Release of Regulated Substances or to human health and safety with regard to exposure to Regulated Substances. 

Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, loss, claim, damage, action, order or cost, contingent or
otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of Environmental Law, (b) exposure to any Regulated Substances, (c) the Release or threatened Release of any Regulated
Substances or (d) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing clauses (a) through (c). 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any rule or regulation
issued thereunder. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default means an event described in Article VIII. 

Evergreen Letter of Credit is defined in Section 4.4(d). 

Excess Land Under Development is defined in the definition of Land Under Development. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Excluded Obligations means contingent indemnification and reimbursement Obligations in respect of which no claim for
payment has been asserted by the Person entitled thereto. 

-16- 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with
respect to, or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any other recipient of any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document,
(a) any Taxes imposed on or measured by such recipients net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having
its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office, located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of any other present or
former connection between the recipient and such jurisdiction (other than a connection resulting from such recipient executing, delivering, becoming a party to or performing its obligations or receiving a payment under, receiving or perfecting a
security interest under, engaging in any other transaction pursuant to or enforcing, any Loan Document, or selling or assigning an interest in any Loan or Loan Document), (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on
amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires its applicable interest in the applicable Commitment
or, in the case of a Loan such Lender did not fund pursuant to a prior Commitment, acquired such interest in the applicable Loan (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.20(b)), or (ii) such
Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.7, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable
interest in the applicable Commitment or Loan or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) any Taxes attributable to such recipients failure to comply with Section 3.7(g) and (d) any U.S. federal
withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Exposure means, at any time with respect to any Lender, the sum of (a) its
outstanding Loans and (b) its Letter of Credit Exposure. 

Facility Increase is defined in Section 2.18(a).

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or
any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities (and related laws, regulations or official administrative guidance) implementing the foregoing. 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions
by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if
the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Fee Letter means that certain fee letter agreement dated February 7, 2025 between the Borrower and JPMorgan. 

Financial Contract of a Person means (i) any exchange-traded or over-the-counter futures, forward, swap or option contract or other financial instrument with similar characteristics, and (ii) any agreements, devices or arrangements providing for payments related to
fluctuations of interest rates, exchange rates or forward rates, including, but not limited to, interest rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate cap or collar protection agreements, forward rate currency or
interest rate options, but excluding in each case any accelerated share repurchase contract or similar instrument, in each case which does not represent a liability on the Borrowers balance sheet under GAAP, with respect to a repurchase by the
Borrower of its common stock that is permitted under this Agreement. 

-17- 

Finished Lots means parcels of land wholly owned by any Borrowing Base
Party that (i) are duly recorded and platted for the construction of Single-Family units, (ii) the development/site improvements with respect to which are complete and are suitable for construction and (iii) with respect to which all
requisite zoning requirements and land use requirements have been satisfied, and requisite approvals have been obtained from all applicable Governmental Authorities other than approvals that are simply ministerial and
non-discretionary in nature and otherwise not material. 

Floor means the
benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Form S-11 means the registration statement on Form
S-11 of the Borrower, filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024 (as amended on January 13, 2025). 

Founders Rights Agreement means that certain Founders Rights Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by
and between the Borrower and U.S. Home. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles of the Accounting
Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Accounting Standards Board which (a) with respect to the covenants contained in Section 7.27 (and, to the extent used in or relating to such
covenants, any defined terms) are in effect on the date hereof, unless amended pursuant to Section 1.3, and (b) for all other purposes hereunder, are applicable from time to time. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political
subdivision thereof, whether state, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantors means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that has executed the Guaranty Agreement and has not been released
therefrom in accordance therewith. 

Guaranty Agreement means a guaranty agreement in substantially the form of
Exhibit H hereto. 

Hedging Obligations means, of a Person, any and all obligations of such Person, whether
absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), (a) under any and all agreements, devices or arrangements designed
to protect at least one of the parties thereto from the fluctuations of interest rates, commodity prices, exchange rates or forward rates applicable to such partys assets, liabilities, or exchange transaction, including, but not limited to,
dollar-denominated or cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, forward currency exchange agreements, interest rate cap or collar protection agreements, forward rate currency or interest rate options, puts and warrants, and (b) any and
all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any of the foregoing. 

Immaterial Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Material Subsidiary. 

-18- 

Increase Date is defined in Section 2.18(c). 

Indebtedness means (without duplication), for any Person, the sum of the following: (a) all liabilities, obligations,
and indebtedness of such Person for money borrowed; (b) all liabilities, obligations, and indebtedness of such Person that are evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, or other similar instruments, or that constitute Capitalized Leases;
(c) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (but excluding accrued expenses and trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business and any obligation to pay a
contingent purchase price as long as such obligation remains contingent or is paid within 10 days after it becomes due and payable); (d) the face amount of all drawn letters of credit and bankers acceptances issued for the account of such
Person, and without duplication, all drafts drawn and unpaid thereunder; (e) all Disqualified Equity Interests; (f) all net obligations under all Financial Contracts determined in accordance with GAAP; and (g) all obligations of the
type referred to in clauses (a) through (f) preceding of other Persons that are either (i) guaranteed in any manner by such Person or (ii) secured by any Lien on any property or asset of such Person (but only to the extent of the
value of such property or asset if such obligations have not been assumed by such Person). In no event shall Indebtedness include Indebtedness owed (x) by one Loan Party to another Loan Party or (y) by one Taxable REIT Subsidiary to
another Taxable REIT Subsidiary. 

Indemnified Taxes means all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with
respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 

Indemnitee
is defined in Section 10.7(b). 

Initial Closing Date Intercompany Note is defined in the definition of
Closing Date Intercompany Note. 

Intercompany Notes means a Closing Date Intercompany Note and any Other
Intercompany Notes. 

Intercreditor Agreement means a customary (x) pari passu intercreditor agreement, among the
Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the representative(s) of the holders of Indebtedness secured by a pari passu Lien on any or all of the Collateral and/or (y) junior lien intercreditor agreement, among the Loan Parties, the
Administrative Agent and the representative(s) of the holders of Indebtedness secured by a junior Lien on any or all of the Collateral, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, as may
be amended, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, extended or renewed from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Incurred. 

Interest Period means, with respect to a Term SOFR Advance, a period of one, three or six months, in each case commencing
on a Business Day selected by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. With respect to a Term SOFR Advance, such Interest Period shall end on the day which corresponds numerically to such date one, three or six months thereafter, as applicable,
provided, however, that any Interest Period of one month or longer that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period. If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the next succeeding
Business Day, provided, however, that if said next succeeding Business Day falls in a new calendar month, such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, any tenor may be removed
from this definition in accordance with Section 3.5(f). 

-19- 

Inventory means all Single-Family Lots Under Contract, Single-Family Lots
Not Under Contract, Land Under Development, Land Held for Future Development, Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Under Contract, and Commercial/Clubhouse Lots Not Under Contract and all real and personal property, improvements, and fixtures wholly-owned by a
Borrowing Base Party related thereto (but excluding any of the foregoing that is not owned by a Borrowing Base Party but is under a purchase option in favor of a Borrowing Base Party). 

Investment by a Person means any loan, advance (other than salary, wages, commissions, bonus, travel and similar advances
to officers, consultants and employees made in the ordinary course of business), extension of credit (other than accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business on terms customary in the trade) to another Person or contribution of
capital by such Person to another Person; the acquisition by such Person of stocks, bonds, partnership interests, notes, debentures or other securities of another Person; any deposit accounts and certificate of deposit acquired by such Person; and
structured notes, derivative financial instruments and other similar instruments or contracts of another Person acquired by such Person. 

Investment Manager means, so long as the Borrower is externally managed, any Person serving as the Borrowers
investment manager which, on the Closing Date, is Kennedy Lewis. 

IRS means the Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuance Date means the date on which a Letter of Credit is issued, amended or extended (as applicable). 

Issuing Bank means each Lender (or its applicable Affiliate) identified on Schedule 1 under the caption Letter
of Credit Commitment as an Issuing Bank in its capacity as an issuer of one or more Letters of Credit and any other Lender approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) and the
Borrower that has agreed in writing in its sole discretion to act as an Issuing Lender hereunder. 

JPMorgan
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

Kennedy Lewis means Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company. 

KL Management Agreement means the Management Agreement between the Borrower and Kennedy
Lewis, dated as of February 7, 2025, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

KL Management Fee means all compensation, fees, and any other amounts payable or reimbursable to Kennedy Lewis under the KL
Management Agreement as in effect from time to time (but without giving effect to amendments or other modifications that increase the Management Fee (as defined in the KL Management Agreement) or Reimbursable Expenses (as
defined in the KL Management Agreement), or other amounts payable to Kennedy Lewis, in each case without the consent of the Administrative Agent), including the Management Fee (as defined in the KL Management Agreement) and the
Reimbursable Expenses (as defined in the KL Management Agreement). L/C Limit means, with respect to any Issuing Bank at any time, an amount equal to the amount set forth on Schedule 1 under the caption
Letter of Credit Commitment for such Issuing Bank , or such higher or 

-20- 

lower amount as may be agreed in writing by such Issuing Bank at the request of the Borrower. Such Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any such change in such Issuing
Banks L/C Limit. 

Land Held for Future Development means (1) parcels of land wholly-owned by any Borrowing
Base Party that are, as of the date of determination, held for future development or disposition, and with respect to which requisite zoning requirements and land use requirements have been satisfied, and requisite approvals have been obtained from
all applicable Governmental Authorities (other than approvals that are simply ministerial and non-discretionary in nature), in order to develop the parcel as a (i) commercial or clubhouse development or
(ii) residential housing project and construct Single-Family dwellings thereon and (2) Excess Land Under Development. 

Land Under Development means parcels of land wholly-owned by any Borrowing Base Party that are zoned for the construction
of Single-Family dwelling units and upon which development activities have commenced and are proceeding; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether development activities have commenced with respect to a parcel
of land shall be made on a project-by-project basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, further, that if development activities on a project are
halted and remain halted as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, all parcels of land that comprise such project and that are not Finished Lots shall, on the last day of the fiscal quarter in which development activities on such project are halted
(or such earlier date as elected by the Borrower), or, in the instance of the land being subject to a pause period, as soon as and as long as the land is under the pause period, cease to constitute Land Under Development and shall thereafter be
deemed Land Held for Future Development until development activities on such project are resumed; provided, further, that, with respect to any single project, the parcels of land that shall constitute Land Under
Development at any time shall be limited to no more than 700 lots and all other parcels of land comprising such project (other than Finished Lots) shall be deemed to be Land Held for Future Development (such other parcels of land comprising
such project (other than Finished Lots), Excess Land Under Development). 

Lender means the lending
institutions identified on Schedule 1 hereto and, from and after the effective date of their respective Commitments and Acceptances, any New Lenders, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing. 

Lender Party means the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender. 

Lender-Related Person means any Lender Party or any Related Party of any Lender Party. 

Lending Installation means, with respect to a Lender or the Administrative Agent, the office, branch, subsidiary or
affiliate of such Lender or the Administrative Agent listed on the signature pages hereof or on a Schedule or otherwise selected by such Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.15. 

Lennar means Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

Lennar Agreement Letter means that certain letter agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Borrower,
Millrose Properties Holdings, U.S. Home and the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders. 

Lennar Cure Amount
means any amount paid by Lennar (or an affiliate thereof) pursuant to Section 7 of the Recognition Agreement, provided that such amount shall be reduced on a
dollar-for-dollar basis by any credits in accordance with the last sentence of Section 7 of the Recognition Agreement. 

-21- 

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued by an Issuing
Bank for the account of the Borrower or another Loan Party in accordance with Article IV. 

Letter of Credit Expiration
Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the latest Termination Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 

Letter of Credit Exposure means, with respect to a Lender, the Ratable Share of such Lender of all outstanding Letter of
Credit Obligations. 

Letter of Credit Fee means, for any period, a fee, payable with respect to each Letter of Credit
issued by an Issuing Bank outstanding in such period, in an amount per annum equal to the product of (i) the daily average Applicable Letter of Credit Rate during such period and (ii) the daily average undrawn face amount of such Letter of
Credit, computed on the basis of the actual number of days such Letter of Credit is outstanding in such period. 

Letter of Credit
Obligations means at any time the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, and (ii) the aggregate amount paid by an Issuing Bank on any Letters of Credit to the extent (if any) not
reimbursed by the Borrower or the Lenders under Section 4.6. 

Leverage Ratio means at any time the ratio of
(a) Total Net Indebtedness to (b) the sum of (i) Total Net Indebtedness and (ii) Tangible Net Worth. 

Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 

Lien means any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, security interest, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit
arrangement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capitalized Lease or other title
retention agreement). 

Liquidity means, at any time, the sum of (a) all Unrestricted Cash held by the Borrower and
its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) the Borrowing Base Availability. 

Loan means, with respect to a Lender, a loan
made by such Lender pursuant to Article II (or any conversion or continuation thereof). 

Loan Documents means
this Agreement, the Fee Letter, the Lennar Agreement Letter, any Guaranty Agreement, any Intercreditor Agreement, each Security Document, any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.11 and any other amendments of and joinders to this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents. 

Loan Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. 

Loan-to-Value Ratio means, as of any date
of determination with respect to any Mortgage Loan Made, the ratio of (i) the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan Made, divided by (ii) the aggregate value of the property securing such Mortgage Loan Made as set
forth in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal with respect to such property. 

Marketable Securities means
(i) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof, (ii) dollar-denominated time and demand deposits and
certificates of deposit with maturities of 

-22- 

two years or less from the date of acquisition and overnight bank deposits of any commercial bank having total Tier 1 capital as most recently reported by Bloomberg L.P. of at least $500,000,000
or long-term debt or deposit ratings of A- by S&P or A3 by Moodys, (iii) repurchase obligations of any bank satisfying the requirements of clause (ii) of this definition,
(iv) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes of a domestic issuer rated at least A-2 or better by S&P or P-2 or better by Moodys and in either
case maturing within two years after the date of acquisition, (v) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or by any
political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory, and such securities of such state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision or taxing authority, as the case may be, are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moodys, (vi) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any member country of the OECD that are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moodys, (vii) securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the
requirements of clause (ii) of this definition, (viii) shares of money market funds that comply with the criteria set forth in Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
(ix) debt instruments of a U.S. issuer (other than the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) maturing no more than one year after the date of acquisition and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of A or better from S&P or Moodys,
or (x) debt instruments of a U.S. issuer (other than the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) maturing no more than two years after the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A or the equivalent
from any two of S&P, Moodys and Fitch Ratings Inc. (or, if only one of the foregoing rating service shall be rating such obligations, then from such rating service and one other nationally recognized rating service acceptable to
Administrative Agent). 

Master Construction Agreement means that certain Master Construction Agreement, dated as of
February 7, 2025, by and among the Borrower, Millrose Properties Holdings and U.S. Home. 

Master Option Agreement
means that certain Master Option Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among the Borrower, Millrose Properties Holdings and U.S. Home. 

Master Program Agreement means that certain Master Program Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and between the
Borrower, Millrose Properties Holdings and U.S. Home. 

Material Acquisition means any acquisition of Property by a
Borrowing Base Party the value of which equals or exceeds 10.0 % of the total assets of the consolidated Borrowing Base Parties (as determined immediately prior to giving effect to such acquisition). 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, Property, financial condition or results
of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform their material obligations under the Loan Documents, or (iii) the validity or enforceability
of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders (taken as a whole) thereunder. 

Material Debt Incurrence means the incurrence or issuance of any indebtedness for money borrowed by a Borrowing Base Party
for which the Borrowing Base Parties receive gross cash proceeds in excess of $100,000,000. 

Material Indebtedness is
defined in Section 8.4. 

Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness is defined in Section 8.4 

-23- 

Material Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (a) contributing (together with the gross revenues of its Restricted Subsidiaries), as of the end of the most recently ended four-fiscal quarter period then ended for which financial statements have been
delivered, more than 2% of the total gross revenues of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period, (b) holding (together with the assets of its Restricted Subsidiaries), as of the end of the most
recently ended four-fiscal quarter period then ended for which financial statements have been delivered, more than 2% of the total assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of such date, or (c) designated
in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent as a Material Subsidiary; provided that, if all Immaterial Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries that constitute Guarantors) (i) contribute (together with the gross
revenues of their respective Subsidiaries), in the aggregate, more than 5% of the total gross revenues of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or (ii) hold (together with the assets of their respective
Restricted Subsidiaries), in the aggregate, more than 5% of the total assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for, or as of the end of, any four-fiscal quarter period for which financial
statements have been delivered, then, in either case, within ten (10) Business Days of the date such financial statements were required to be delivered hereunder, the Borrower shall designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more
of such Immaterial Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries such that, following such written designation, neither of the conditions set forth in clause (i) or (ii) above is thereafter met; provided, further, that any Restricted
Subsidiary that previously constituted or was designated as a Material Subsidiary in accordance with the above provisions of this definition may be subsequently designated, in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, as an Immaterial
Subsidiary so long as neither clause (a) or (b) above is applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary and the requirements of the first proviso above are satisfied. 

Millrose Properties Holdings means Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned
direct Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto.

Mortgage Loan Made means a senior mortgage loan made by a Loan Party to a Person engaged in a Permitted Business that
is secured by a mortgage in favor of such Loan Party on Land Held for Future Development or Land Under Development owned by such Person. 

Multiemployer Plan means a Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject to
Title IV of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 

Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any member of
the Controlled Group) at least two (2) of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA. 

New Lender means an Additional Lender that (x) immediately prior to its assumption of a Commitment of a Lender
pursuant to Section 2.20 or its issuance of a Commitment pursuant to Section 2.18, was not a Lender hereunder and (y) is an Eligible Assignee. 

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or
amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Lenders, Supermajority Lenders, or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 9.2 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 

-24- 

Non-Defaulting Lender means at
any time a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Loan Party
means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, excluding the Guarantors. 

Nonextension Notice Date is defined in
Section 4.4(d). 

Nonrecourse Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, Indebtedness of such Person for which
(i)(a) with respect to Indebtedness related to the acquisition of Property, the sole legal recourse for collection of principal and interest on such Indebtedness is against the specific Property securing such Indebtedness (and/or any accessions
thereto and proceeds thereof) or to the assets or equity interests of an SPE directly or indirectly holding such Property, (b) with respect to Indebtedness related to constructing improvements on Property, the sole legal recourse for collection
of principal and interest on such Indebtedness is against the specific Property and/or the improvements being financed or securing such Indebtedness (and/or any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof), or to the assets or equity interests of an SPE
directly or indirectly holding such Property and/or improvements and (c) with respect to any amendment, modification, extension or refinancing of any Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) or (b) above, the sole recourse is to the Property
referred to in such clause (or to the assets or equity interests of an SPE directly or indirectly holding such Property and/or improvements) and no other Property and (ii) except for the Property and interests described in the preceding clause
(i), no other assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may be realized upon in collection of principal or interest on such Indebtedness; provided Indebtedness which is otherwise Nonrecourse Indebtedness will not lose its character
as Nonrecourse Indebtedness because there is recourse to the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any other Person for or under (a) environmental or tax warranties and indemnities and such other representations, warranties, covenants and
indemnities as are customarily required in such transactions, (b) indemnities for and liabilities arising from fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication or non-payment of rents, profits, insurance and
condemnation proceeds and other sums actually received by the borrower or its affiliates from secured assets to be paid to the lender under such Nonrecourse Indebtedness, waste and mechanics liens, (c) any customary bad boy
guarantees (which bad boy guarantees may cover, among other matters, certain or all of the matters described in the preceding clause (b)), carry guarantees, performance guarantees and completion guarantees (the types of recourse described in
clauses (a)-(c) of this proviso, Permitted Recourse) or (d) a guarantee of, or other liability with respect to, Nonrecourse Indebtedness that is not Permitted Recourse if such Nonrecourse Indebtedness is included within the
calculation of Borrowing Base Debt to the extent of such guarantee or other liability under this clause (d) that is not Permitted Recourse. For the avoidance of doubt, any Property or asset that is pledged for the benefit of, or otherwise
identified as Collateral therefor in the instruments securing any Nonrecourse Indebtedness shall not be eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base. 

Note means a promissory note, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, duly executed by the Borrower and
payable to the order of a Lender in the amount of its Commitment, including any amendment, modification, renewal or replacement of such promissory note. 

Notice is defined in Section 14.1(c). 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

-25- 

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest
on the Loans, the Letter of Credit Obligations, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of the Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any other Secured
Creditors or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents (in each case, including interest, fees, expenses and other amounts accruing during any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, regardless of whether allowed or allowable
in such case or proceeding). 

OECD means the Organisation for Economic
Co-Operation and Development. 

Official Body means any national, federal,
state, local or other government or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, in each case whether
foreign or domestic. 

Other Intercompany Notes means any intercompany promissory notes that are (i) similar to the
Initial Closing Date Intercompany Note, (ii) are made by any one or more Taxable REIT Subsidiaries payable to the Borrower, (iii) are pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, and (iv) are related to
Properties subject to Program Agreements with Persons that are not Lennar. For the avoidance of doubt, any Other Intercompany Note shall be deemed to not be a Mortgage Loan Made. 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes imposed
with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.20(b)) as a result of any present or former connection between the assignor or assignee and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than a connection resulting
from the assignor or assignee executing, delivering, becoming a party to or performing its obligations or receiving a payment under, receiving or perfecting a security interest under, engaging in any other transaction pursuant to or enforcing, any
Loan Document, or selling or assigning an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

Outstanding Amount means as of any
date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding after giving effect to any Advances, repayments and prepayments on such date plus the amount of Letter of Credit Obligations outstanding on such date after giving effect to any
issuance or reimbursements made on such date. 

Participant is defined in Section 13.1.1. 

Participant Register is defined in Section 13.1.2. 

PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into Law October 26, 2001)). 

Payment is defined in Section 11.7(c). 

Payment Notice is defined in Section 11.7(c)(ii). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA, or any
successor thereto. 

-26- 

Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition (other than by means of a
hostile takeover, hostile tender offer or other similar hostile transaction) of a business or entity engaged in one or more Permitted Businesses, in respect of which the majority of shareholders (or other equity interest holders), the board of
directors or other governing body thereof approves such Acquisition, provided that, immediately before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, no Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Permitted Business means any line of business in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged on the Closing
Date or that is reasonably related, ancillary, incidental, synergistic, or complementary thereto or a reasonable extension, development, or expansion of any of the foregoing. 

Permitted Liens means 

(i) Liens for Taxes that are not yet due and payable or due but not yet delinquent and pledges or deposits made in the
ordinary course of business to secure payment of workmens compensation, or to participate in any fund in connection with workmens compensation, unemployment insurance, pensions or other social security programs; 

(ii) statutory Liens, other Liens imposed by law (even if pursuant to additional notices or filings authorized by
statute) and Liens of mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, workmen, warehousemen, carriers, landlords and contractors, provided that the Liens permitted by this subsection (ii) have not been filed or, if such Liens have been filed, either
(A) a stay of enforcement thereof has been obtained within 60 days, (B) such Liens have been satisfied of record within 60 days after the date of filing thereof or (C) such Liens are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and adequate reserves have been established therefor in accordance with GAAP; 

(iii) Liens incurred or
deposits made (including deposits and purchase price payments paid under purchase agreements) to secure the performance of tenders, bids, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds (including construction bonds),
development obligations, progress payments, purchase agreements, government contracts, utility services, developers or other obligations to make on-site or
off-site improvements and other obligations of like nature, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties; 

(iv) encumbrances consisting of zoning restrictions, easements, rights of way, matters of plat, minor defects or
irregularities in title, assessment district or similar Liens in connection with municipal financing or community development bonds or other restrictions, charges or encumbrances on the use of real property, none of which materially impairs the use
of such property or the value thereof, and none of which is violated in any material respect by existing or proposed structures or land use; 

(v) Liens, if any, in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors; 

(vi) Liens on cash, Cash Equivalents or Marketable Securities in favor of any bank or financial institution (including as
agent) as security for the obligations of any Restricted Subsidiary under letters of credit not issued under this Agreement in an aggregate face amount not exceeding $25,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that (A) no such letter
of credit was issued by a Lender and (B) each such letter of credit was issued in the ordinary course of business; 

-27- 

(vii) Liens over a credit balance on a bank or deposit account or
other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution arising under the general business conditions of the bank or financial institution at which the account is held, including under any credit card, purchasing card or similar program, but
not securing Indebtedness; 

(viii) Liens arising by virtue of any statutory, contractual or common law provisions
relating to bankers liens, rights of setoff or similar rights as to deposit or other accounts; 

(ix) any Lien
existing on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 2 hereto and any Lien securing a refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by a Lien described on Schedule 2, provided that the principal amount secured thereby is
not hereafter increased and no additional assets (except for improvements constructed on such assets in the normal course of the Borrowers business) become subject to such Lien unless such change would be permitted under other provisions
hereof; 

(x) the following, (A) if the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by
appropriate and lawful proceedings diligently conducted so long as the property subject to any such Liens is not yet subject to foreclosure or sale or as to which levy and execution thereon have been stayed and continue to be stayed or (B) if a
final judgment is entered and such judgment is discharged, stayed or bonded within thirty (30) days of entry: 

(1) claims or Liens for Taxes otherwise due and payable; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are
maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 

(2) claims, Liens or encumbrances upon,
and defects of title to, real or personal property, including any attachment of personal or real property or other legal process prior to adjudication of a dispute on the merits; or 

(3) Liens arising pursuant to vexatious, frivolous or meritless claims, suits, actions or filings, or other similar bad
faith actions, taken by a Person not an Affiliate of the Borrower; 

(xi) purchase money security interests (including
Capitalized Leases) in assets acquired or deemed to be acquired; 

(xii) Liens securing (A) Permitted Purchase
Money Loans and Nonrecourse Indebtedness described in the definitions of such terms and (B) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed the greater of $200,000,000 and 3% of Tangible Net Worth at the time of
any incurrence of such Indebtedness under this subclause (B); 

(xiii) Liens securing additional Senior Indebtedness;
provided such Liens are either pari passu with, or subordinated to, Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement; 

(xiv) Liens on assets of Non-Loan Parties; 

(xv) Liens on Investments in Non-Loan Parties; 

(xvi) Liens securing return obligations in respect of earnest money deposits relating to lot sales in the ordinary course
of business; 

-28- 

(xvii) Liens of a Borrowing Base Party which existed prior to such
entity becoming a Borrowing Base Party (and were not incurred in anticipation of becoming a Borrowing Base Party); 

(xviii) Liens to which assets were subject prior to the acquisition of such assets by a Borrowing Base Party (and were
not incurred in anticipation of becoming a Borrowing Base Party); 

(xix) judgment Liens that would not constitute an
Event of Default under Section 8.8; 

(xx) Liens securing payments required to be made by Loan Parties with
respect to community development district bonds or similar bonds issued by any Governmental Authority to accomplish similar purposes and Liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, water, sewage or other public
improvement bonds or similar bonds in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties; 

(xxi)
[reserved]; 

(xxii) Liens securing the Borrowers and/or its Subsidiaries obligations (not
constituting Indebtedness) to third parties, in connection with (A) joint development agreements with such third parties, to perform and/or pay for or reimburse the costs of construction and/or development related to or benefiting the
Borrowers or its Subsidiaries property and property belonging to such third parties and (B) any option or right of first refusal to purchase real property or marketing deed of trust granted to the master developer or the seller of
real property that arises as a result of the non-use or non-development of such real property by such Borrowing Base Party or relates to the coordinated marketing and
promotion by the master developer, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrowing Base Parties; 

(xxiii) Liens in favor of any Borrowing Base Party; 

(xxiv) [reserved]; 

(xxv) Liens on Inventory securing Indebtedness in favor of a seller of such Inventory; provided that such Liens
attach to such Inventory substantially contemporaneously with the acquisition thereof; 

(xxvi) leases or subleases
granted to others not materially interfering with the ordinary business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as whole; 

(xxvii) Liens constituting the pledge or deposit of cash or other Property in conjunction with obtaining surety,
performance, completion or payment bonds and letters of credit or other similar instruments or providing earnest money obligations, escrows or similar purpose undertakings or indemnifications in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries; 

(xxviii) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred to refinance any Indebtedness secured by a Lien
referred to in clause (ix), (xi), (xii)(B), (xvii) or (xviii) of this definition; provided that (x) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased (other than by the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on such
Indebtedness and fees, costs and premiums paid in connection with such refinancing) and the Liens do not attach to any additional assets and (y) any such refinancing Indebtedness in respect of secured Indebtedness incurred under clause (xii)(B)
shall be deemed to 

-29- 

utilize the basket contained in clause (xii)(B), but such secured refinancing Indebtedness shall be permitted even if such Indebtedness is incurred at a time when such Indebtedness would not
otherwise be permitted to be incurred under such clause (as a result of fluctuation in Tangible Net Worth since the time of incurrence of the secured Indebtedness being refinanced); 

(xxix) Liens securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) in an aggregate amount outstanding not to
exceed the greater of $60,000,000 and 1.0% of Tangible Net Worth at the time of any incurrence of Indebtedness or obligations under this subclause (xxix); 

(xxx) Liens in favor of trustees, agents and representatives of holders of Indebtedness arising under instruments
governing Indebtedness permitted to be outstanding under this Agreement, provided that such Liens are solely for the benefit of the trustees, agents and representatives in their capacities as such and not for the benefit of the holders of
such Indebtedness; 

(xxxi) Liens arising from the deposit of funds or securities in trust for the purpose of
decreasing, defeasing, redeeming, repaying or satisfying Indebtedness; 

(xxxii) Liens against the ownership interest
of a Loan Party in a joint venture; 

(xxxiii) Liens securing Hedging Obligations arising in the ordinary course of
business of a Borrowing Base Party and not for speculative purposes; 

(xxxiv) Liens on model homes; 

(xxxv) Liens on cash and Cash Equivalents securing obligations arising under total return swaps, repurchase agreements
and other similar transactions entered into by the Borrower or any other Borrowing Base Party with respect to debt securities owned by the Borrower or any other Borrowing Base Party; and 

(xxxvi) Liens created pursuant to Program Agreements. 

In each case set forth above, notwithstanding any stated limitation on the assets that may be subject to such Lien, a Permitted Lien on a specified asset or
group or type of assets may include Liens on all improvements, additions and accessions thereto and all products and proceeds thereof. 

Permitted Purchase Money Loans means, collectively, Seller Purchase Money Loans and Assumed Purchase Money Loans. 

Permitted Recourse has the meaning specified in the definition of Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, joint venture, partnership, limited liability company, association,
enterprise, trust or other entity or organization, or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof. 

Plan means an employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (excluding any
Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code: (i) which is maintained or to which contributions are required by the Borrower or any member of the
Controlled Group, or (ii) which has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained or to which contributions have been required by the Borrower or any entity which was at such time a member of the Controlled Group. 

-30- 

Platform is defined in Section 14.1(b). 

Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit K hereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Pledge and Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2025, made by
Millrose Properties Holdings in favor of the Borrower. 

Pre-Spin Agreement
means that certain Pre-Spin Assignment, Assumption and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025, by and between Lennar, Lennar Homes Holdings, LLC, CalAtlantic Group, LLC, U.S. Home, LLC, the
Borrower, Millrose Properties, LLC, and each of the purchaser entities party thereto. 

Pricing Schedule means the
Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest most recently published in the
Money Rates section of The Wall Street Journal from time to time as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as
determined by the Administrative Agent). Any change in such prime rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 

Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J and delivered in
connection with a Material Debt Incurrence or Material Acquisition pursuant to Section 7.1(viii), the components of which shall be updated as of the end of the most recently-ended fiscal month for which financial statements are internally
available (the Reference Month), with adjustments to (i) reflect changes in the Borrowing Base assets as of the end of the Reference Month, the inclusion or exclusion, as appropriate, of any Properties acquired or disposed of
after the end of the Reference Month, and the inclusion of any Properties being acquired substantially concurrently with the proceeds of any such Material Debt Incurrence that will constitute Borrowing Base Debt and any Properties being acquired in
any such Material Acquisition and (ii) Unrestricted Cash, to reflect the net cash proceeds of any such Material Debt Incurrence and the use of proceeds thereof. 

Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory
action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 

Profit and Participation Agreement means an agreement, secured by a deed of
trust, mortgage or other Lien against a property or asset, with respect to which the purchaser of such property or asset agrees to pay the seller of such property or asset a profit, price, premium participation or other similar amount in respect of
such property or asset. 

Program Agreements means (i) the Master Program Agreement, (ii) the Master Option
Agreement, (iii) the Master Construction Agreement, (iv) the Founders Rights Agreement, and (v) any agreement similar to those referenced in subclauses (i) through (iv) relating to the business activities of the Borrower or
any other Borrowing Base Party in respect of a Permitted Business, in each case as such agreement may be amended, restated, replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement. 

-31- 

Prohibited Transaction means a prohibited transaction within
the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

Property means any and all property,
whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of a Loan Party or other Borrowing Base Party, or other assets owned, leased or operated by a Loan Party or other Borrowing Base Party. 

PropertyCo LLCs means each of the direct or indirect subsidiaries of Millrose Properties Holdings that is a direct or
indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower. All PropertyCo LLCs as of the Closing Date are listed on Schedule 5 hereto. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Qualified REIT Subsidiary means a Person qualifying for treatment either as a
qualified REIT subsidiary under Section 856(i) of the Code, or as an entity disregarded as an entity separate from its owner under Treasury Regulations under Section 7701 of the Code. 

Quarterly Payment Date is defined in Section 4.7(a). 

Ratable Share means, with respect to any Lender on any date, (i) the ratio of (a) the amount of such
Lenders Commitment to (b) the aggregate amount of all Commitments, or (ii) if the Commitments have been terminated, the ratio of (a) the amount of such Lenders Exposure to (b) the aggregate Exposures of all Lenders.

Rate Option means the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 

Rate Option Notice is defined in Section 2.2.4. 

Recognition Agreement means that certain Recognition, Subordination and
Non-Disturbance Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among the Borrower, Millrose Properties Holdings, U.S. Home and the PropertyCo LLCs party thereto. 

Reference Month has the meaning specified in the definition of Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR
Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is four Business Days preceding the date of such
setting and (3) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register is defined in Section 13.2(c). 

Regulated Substances means any pollutant or contaminant, waste, material, compound, chemical or substance regulated under
Environmental Laws, including, petroleum or petroleum-derived products, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, asbestos containing material, toxic mold, radon gas or
off-specification drywall or wallboard. 

-32- 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in
effect and any successor thereto or other regulation or official interpretation of said Board relating to reserve requirements applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or
official interpretation of said Board relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 

Regulatory Authority is defined in Section 10.12. 

REIT means a Person qualifying for treatment as a real estate investment trust under the Code. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers,
employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Release means any release, spill, emission, discharge, deposit, disposal, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying,
injecting, leaching or migrating of Regulated Substances into or through the Environment, or into, from or through any structure. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board, the CME Term SOFR Administrator and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Board, the CME Term SOFR Administrator and or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant
Guarantor Date is defined in Section 7.16. 

Relevant Rate means the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. 

Removal Effective Date is defined in Section 11.6(b). 

Repaid in Full or Repayment in Full means the payment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations
(other than Excluded Obligations) that are accrued and payable and the termination or expiration of the Commitments and the termination of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or the Cash Collateralized or backstop thereof on terms reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank). 

Reportable Event means a reportable event
as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued under such section, with respect to a Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC has by regulation waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be
notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event. 

Required Lenders means (a) on any date of determination
prior to termination of the Aggregate Commitment, those Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the Aggregate Commitment (excluding the Commitments of any Defaulting Lenders), and (b) on any date of
determination occurring after the termination of the Aggregate Commitment, those Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding principal amount of all Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure
(excluding the Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lenders). 

-33- 

Resignation Effective Date is defined in Section 11.6(a). 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority. 

Restricted Payment means, with respect to any Person, any dividend on, or any payment on account of,
including any sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, or any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or
indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Restricted
Subsidiaries means, as of any date, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower which are not Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Revolving Credit Facility means the extensions of credit hereunder pursuant to the Commitments. 

S&P means Standard and Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business,
and any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the
subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the Closing Date, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any publicly-available Sanctions-related list of
designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or
controlled by any such Person or Persons. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Secured Creditors means, collectively, the Lenders (including each Issuing Bank), the Administrative Agent and any other
holder from time to time of any of the Obligations and, in each case, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security Documents means the Pledge Agreement, and any other security document, pledge agreement, instrument or document
utilized to pledge or grant or purport to pledge or grant a security interest or Lien on any property as Collateral for the Obligations. 

Seller Purchase Money Loans means at any time (a) outstanding purchase money loans made to a Loan Party or Borrowing
Base Party by the seller of improved or unimproved real estate in a single transaction or separate transactions for the exclusive purpose of acquiring such real estate for development and secured by a mortgage Lien on such real estate or
(b) any amendment, modification, extension or refinancing of such loans; provided that with respect to the loans, as amended, modified, 

-34- 

extended, or refinanced (i) the aggregate amount thereof shall not exceed the purchase price of the applicable asset plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees, costs and premiums associated
with such amendment, modification, extension or refinancing, and (ii) such loans and refinancings shall not be secured by any assets of any Loan Party or Borrowing Base Party other than those initially purchased by the applicable Loan Party or
Borrowing Base Party and improvements constructed thereon in the normal course of the Loan Parties or Borrowing Base Parties, as applicable, business, as well as additions and accessions thereto and products and proceeds of the
foregoing. 

Senior Executive means the President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or General Counsel of any Loan Party. 

Senior Indebtedness means at any time, on a
consolidated basis for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, Total Indebtedness, less Subordinated Indebtedness. 

Single Employer Plan means a Plan (excluding a Multiple Employer Plan) maintained by the Borrower or any member of the
Controlled Group. 

Single-Family includes attached, as well as detached, single-family dwellings. 

Single-Family Lots Not Under Contract means Finished Lots which are not Single-Family Lots Under Contract. 

Single-Family Lots Under Contract means Finished Lots with respect to which the applicable Borrowing Base Party has entered
into (i) a bona fide contract of sale with any other Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower, in a form customarily employed by the Borrowing Base Parties with a Person who is not a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower, or
(ii) a bona fide option to purchase agreement with Lennar or any of its subsidiaries; provided, that, any such Finished Lots subject to an extension (or other similar provision) of the takedown schedule specified in the applicable
agreement with Lennar or any of its subsidiaries shall be deemed to be excluded from this definition and considered Single-Family Lots Not Under Contract. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR Loan means a Term SOFR Loan. 

SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SPE means (i) an entity formed solely for the purpose of holding, acquiring, constructing, developing or improving
assets whose acquisition, construction, development or improvement shall be financed by Nonrecourse Indebtedness and equity Investments in such entity or (ii) an entity acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary whose outstanding
Indebtedness is all Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 

-35- 

Spin-Off means the distribution
of approximately 80% of the issued equity interests of the Borrower to the holders of the common stock of Lennar on the Closing Date as described in the Form S-11.

Spin-Off Agreements means (i) the
Pre-Spin Agreement and (ii) the Distribution Agreement. 

Subject
Subsidiary is defined in Section 7.16. 

Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of a Loan Party
that is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Subsidiary with respect to a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding securities having
ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, limited
liability company, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all
references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Substantial Portion means, with
respect to the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, Property which represents more than 10% of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at the beginning of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the fiscal quarter in which such determination is made. 

Successor Borrower is defined in Section 7.10(a)(i). 

Successor Borrowing Base Party is defined in Section 7.10(c)(i). 

Successor Guarantor is defined in Section 7.10(b)(i). 

Supermajority Lenders means (a) on any date of determination prior to termination of the Aggregate Commitment, those
Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) holding more than 66 2/3% of the Aggregate Commitment (excluding the Commitments of any Defaulting Lenders), and (b) on any date of determination occurring after the termination of the Aggregate
Commitment, those Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) holding more than 66 2/3% of the outstanding principal amount of all Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure (excluding the Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lenders).

Supplemental Guaranty means a Supplemental Guaranty in the form provided for and as defined in the
Guaranty Agreement. 

Tangible Net Worth means at any time (i) Consolidated Net Worth less (ii) intangible
assets (as determined in accordance with GAAP) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, but excluding any non-cash gain or loss of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after September 30,
2024 resulting from any mark-to-market adjustments made directly to the net worth of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as a result of
fluctuations in the value of financial instruments owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as mandated under SFAS 133. 

-36- 

Taxable REIT Subsidiary means (a) Millrose Properties Holdings and
any other taxable REIT subsidiary, as such term is used in the Code, that is a direct Subsidiary of either (i) the Borrower or (ii) a Subsidiary of the Borrower other than (A) a taxable REIT subsidiary or
(B) a Subsidiary of a taxable REIT subsidiary (each such entity under this clause (a), a TRS Entity) and (b) any Subsidiary of a TRS Entity other than, in the case of this clause (b), a Subsidiary that is
partially owned by either (i) the Borrower or (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, in each case under this clause (b)(ii), other than (A) a TRS Entity or (B) a Subsidiary of a TRS Entity. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments,
fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Term SOFR Loan or borrowing, refers to whether such Term SOFR Loan, or the
Term SOFR Loans comprising such borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, or the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced the Adjusted Term
SOFR Rate or such other prior benchmark rate. 

Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Advance for any Interest
Period as of the applicable Reference Time, the Term SOFR Reference Rate as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

Term SOFR Advance means an Advance consisting of Term SOFR Loans. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate,
other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means,
with respect to any Term SOFR borrowing for any Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination
Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If as of 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on any Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has
not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor
was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Termination Date means February 7, 2028 or any earlier date on which the Aggregate Commitment is reduced to zero or
otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 

-37- 

Total Indebtedness means, at any time, all Indebtedness of the Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such time; provided that to the extent that (i) the net proceeds of any Indebtedness are to be applied to the redemption and/or repurchase of other Indebtedness (the
Refinanced Indebtedness) and (ii) a notice for such redemption and/or prepayment of such Refinanced Indebtedness has been, or shall substantially concurrently be, delivered to the holders or lenders of such Refinanced
Indebtedness or their representative or an offer to purchase such Refinanced Indebtedness has been, or shall substantially concurrently be, commenced, Total Indebtedness may be measured on a pro forma basis reflecting the consummation of such
redemption or repurchase pending the consummation (or termination) of the same; provided, further, that, in the case of a tender offer, Total Indebtedness may be measured on a pro forma basis reflecting the redemption of any Refinanced
Indebtedness that is not tendered in such tender offer, as long as the notice of redemption for such Refinanced Indebtedness is delivered prior to or promptly after the expiration of the tender offer; it being understood that such net proceeds shall
not be included in the calculation of Unrestricted Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Total Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (ii) the amount of any Nonrecourse Indebtedness included in
the calculation of Total Indebtedness shall be limited to the lesser of (x) the amount of such Indebtedness that is Nonrecourse Indebtedness and (y) the fair market value of any Property or asset that is pledged for the benefit of, or
otherwise identified as collateral therefor, in the instruments securing such Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 

Total Net
Indebtedness means (i) Total Indebtedness (excluding outstanding letters of credit or similar arrangements not issued under this Credit Agreement to the extent collateralized by cash, Marketable Securities and/or Cash Equivalents),
less (ii) Unrestricted Cash in excess of $25,000,000. 

Transferee is defined in Section 13.3. 

TRS Entity has the meaning specified in the definition of Taxable REIT Subsidiary. 

Type means, with respect to any Advance, its nature as an ABR Advance or Term SOFR Advance. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the
effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York,
UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or
non-perfection or priority. 

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD
Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook (as
amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Undrawn Fee is defined in Section 2.4(a).

-38- 

Unfunded Liabilities means the amount (if any) by which the present value
of all vested and unvested accrued benefits under all Single Employer Plans exceeds the fair market value of all such Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plans using the
Plans current actuarial assumptions for ongoing funding purposes. 

Unrestricted Cash means cash, Cash Equivalents
and Marketable Securities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clause (v), (vii) or (viii) of the definition of Permitted Liens)
and not subject to any restrictions on the use thereof to pay Indebtedness and other obligations. 

Unrestricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary hereafter designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.20, unless and until redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of Section 7.20. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Home means U.S. Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes is defined in Section 10.16. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in Section 3.7(g)(ii)(B)(iii). 

Voting Stock of any specified person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of
any date means the Capital Stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than
directors qualifying shares) is owned by such Person directly and/or through other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries. 

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In
Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of
the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that
liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to
suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.2. Other Interpretative Provisions. 

(a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 

-39- 

(b) (i) The words herein, hereunder, hereto and
hereof and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 

(ii) Unless otherwise specified herein, Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule
references are to this Agreement. 

(iii) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 

(iv) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial
statements, and other writings, however evidenced. 

(c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later
specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including. 

(d) Any references to the date of this Agreement, the date hereof or even date herewith shall refer
to the Closing Date. 

1.3. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically or
completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise specifically
prescribed herein. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, Administrative Agent, Lenders and
Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended,
(x) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (y) Borrower shall provide to Administrative Agent and Lenders financial statements and other documents required under
this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein,
all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (i) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board
Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and
(ii) any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting
Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 

1.4. References to Agreements and Laws. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein,
(a) references to agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements, and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent
that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements, and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Applicable Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating,
amending, replacing, supplementing, or interpreting such Applicable Law. 

1.5. Time
References. Unless otherwise specified in the Loan Documents time references are to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern Daylight Time (as applicable). 

-40- 

1.6. Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise
specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any
document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the dollar equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving
effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn
thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable
time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of
Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the
Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 

1.7. Disclaimer and Exculpation With Respect to any Rate. The Administrative Agent does not
warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR or any
Benchmark or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereof (including any Benchmark Replacement), or any calculation, component definition thereof or rate referenced in the definition thereof, including (i) any such
alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) implemented pursuant to Section 3.5, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, and (ii) the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 3.5, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce
the same value or economic equivalence of, Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR or any Benchmark or have the same volume or liquidity as did Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term
SOFR Rate, Term SOFR or any Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. In addition, the discontinuation of Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR or any Benchmark and any alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate may result in a mismatch between the reference rate referenced in this Agreement and your other financial instruments, including potentially those that are intended as hedges. The Administrative Agent and its
Affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR, any Benchmark or any alternative, successor or replacement rate
(including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, with all determinations of such Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR, any Benchmark or such alternative,
successor or replacement rate by the Administrative Agent to be conclusive, absent manifest error. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference
Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR, any Benchmark or any such alternative, successor or replacement rate, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time), and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort,
contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

-41- 

ARTICLE II 

THE CREDITS 

2.1. The Credit Facility. 

(1) Revolving Credit Facility. 

(a) Each Lender severally agrees, upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to make Loans to the Borrower from time
to time in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding which, when added to such Lenders Ratable Share of the Letter of Credit Obligations then outstanding, and after giving effect to the proposed Loan and application of the
proceeds thereof to the repayment of any outstanding Obligations, (A) does not exceed the amount of such Lenders Commitment and (B) does not cause the Borrowing Base Availability to become less than zero. Within the foregoing limits
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 

(b) Subject to the
terms hereof, the Revolving Credit Facility is available from the Closing Date to the Termination Date. The Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility (or the applicable portion of the Commitments thereunder) will expire on the Termination Date
therefor. 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 2.10(b) hereof, with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility or portion thereof, any
outstanding Loans thereunder and all other unpaid Obligations thereunder shall be Repaid in Full by the Borrower on the Termination Date therefor (except to the extent that, pursuant to Article IV, Letters of Credit are permitted to have an
expiration date later than such Termination Date). 

(2) Payment Upon Termination of Commitment. Upon the termination of any
Commitment, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitment shall be repaid, together with interest accrued thereon. 

2.2. Advances.

(1) Advances to be Ratable. Each Advance hereunder shall consist of borrowings made
from the several Lenders in their respective Ratable Shares thereof. 

(2) Advance Rate Options. The Advances may be ABR
Advances or Term SOFR Advances, or a combination thereof, selected by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.2.3. 

(3) Method of Selecting Rate Options and Interest Periods for Advances. The Borrower shall select the Rate Option and, in the
case of each Term SOFR Advance, the Interest Period, applicable to any Advance, from time to time. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of any Advance in substantially the form of Exhibit F hereto (a
Borrowing Notice) not later than, (x) 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the Borrowing Date of each ABR Advance and (y) 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Borrowing
Date of each Term SOFR Advance; provided that if such Borrowing Notice is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; providedfurther that, notwithstanding the foregoing, a Borrowing Notice for an Advance on the Closing Date may be submitted no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Administrative Agent shall
give prompt notice of each Borrowing Notice to each applicable Lender. A Borrowing Notice shall specify: 

(i) the
Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day, of such Advance; 

-42- 

(ii) the aggregate amount of such Advance; 

(iii) the Rate Option selected for such Advance; and 

(iv) in the case of each Term SOFR Advance, the Interest Period applicable thereto (which shall be subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 2.2.6). 

(4) Conversion and Continuation of Outstanding Advances. Each ABR Advance
shall continue as an ABR Advance unless and until such ABR Advance is converted into a Term SOFR Advance in accordance with this Section 2.2.4 or is prepaid in accordance with Section 2.6. Each Term SOFR Advance shall continue as a Term
SOFR Advance of such Type until the end of the then applicable Interest Period therefor, at which time such Term SOFR Advance shall be automatically continued as a Term SOFR Advance with an Interest Period of one month unless such Term SOFR Advance
shall have been either (a) prepaid in accordance with Section 2.6, (b) continued as a Term SOFR Advance for another Interest Period in accordance with this Section 2.2.4 or (c) converted into an ABR Advance in accordance with
this Section 2.2.4. Subject to the terms of Section 2.5, the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert and/or continue the Rate Option applicable to all or any part of an Advance into another Rate Option; provided that any
conversion or continuation of any Term SOFR Advance shall be made on, and only on, the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice substantially the form of Exhibit G
hereto (a Rate Option Notice) of each conversion of an ABR Advance into a Term SOFR Advance, or continuation of a Term SOFR Advance or the conversion of a Term SOFR Advance into an ABR Advance, not later than (x) 1:00 p.m. (New
York time) on the Business Day of the conversion of a Term SOFR Advance into an ABR Advance or (y) 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of the requested conversion or continuation of an
Advance into or as a Term SOFR Advance, specifying: 

(i) the requested date, which shall be a Business Day, of such
conversion or continuation; 

(ii) the aggregate amount and Rate Option applicable to the Advance which is to be
converted or continued; and 

(iii) the amount and Rate Option(s) of Advance(s) into which such Advance is to be
converted or continued and, in the case of a conversion into or continuation of a Term SOFR Advance, the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto (which shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.2.6); 

provided that if such Rate Option Notice is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the signature requirement may be waived at the sole
discretion of the Administrative Agent 

(5) Limitations. Advances shall be subject to the applicable limitations set forth in
Section 2.5. 

(6) Interest Period. The Interest Period of a Term SOFR Advance may not end later than the Termination
Date in effect at the time of the borrowing or continuation of or conversion into such Term SOFR Advance. 

2.3. [Reserved]. 

-43- 

2.4. Undrawn Fee; Reductions in Aggregate
Commitment.

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders (other than any
Defaulting Lender) an undrawn commitment fee (Undrawn Fee) at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Fee Rate on the average daily Available Commitment from the Closing Date to and including the latest Termination Date, payable
quarterly in arrears, with such payment being due, with respect to any fiscal quarter, not later than the fifteenth day after the end of such fiscal quarter, commencing on the first such date to occur following the first full fiscal quarter after
the Closing Date and, with respect to each Lender, upon termination or expiration of the Commitment of such Lender. 

(b) The
Borrower may permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitment in whole, or in part in integral multiples of $10,000,000, upon at least three (3) Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall specify the amount of
any such reduction, provided, however, that (i) the amount of the Aggregate Commitment may not be reduced below the sum of (A) aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Loans and (B) the Letter of Credit Obligations
and (ii) any such reduction of the Aggregate Commitment shall be allocated ratably among the Commitments of the Lenders (based on their respective Ratable Shares); provided that the Commitments may be terminated in their entirety if all
of the Advances have been repaid in full and no Letter of Credit Obligations are outstanding, which shall be governed by a reimbursement agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks. 

2.5. Minimum Amount of Each Advance; Maximum Number of Advances. Each Term SOFR Advance shall be
in the minimum amount of $5,000,000 (and in multiples of $1,000,000 if in excess thereof), and each ABR Advance shall be in the minimum amount of $1,000,000 (and in multiples of $1,000,000 if in excess thereof), provided, however, that
any ABR Advance may be in the amount of the Borrowing Base Availability. There shall be no more than ten (10) Term SOFR Advances outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time. 

2.6. Prepayments. 

(a) The Borrower may from time to time prepay, without penalty or premium, all outstanding ABR Advances, or, in a minimum aggregate
amount of $1,000,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, any portion of the outstanding ABR Advances upon one Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower may from time to time pay, upon three U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent before the date of prepayment in the case of a Term SOFR Advance. Subject to the payment of any funding indemnification amounts required by Section 3.6 (with
respect to a Term SOFR Advance) but without penalty or premium, without penalty or premium, (i) all of a Term SOFR Advance, or (ii) in a minimum aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (and
provided such payment would not reduce the outstanding principal amount of such Term SOFR Advance to less than $5,000,000) any portion of a Term SOFR Advance. 

(b) If, on any date, Borrowing Base Debt exceeds the Borrowing Base, the Borrower shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after
such date (unless, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower has otherwise reduced Borrowing Base Debt so that it no longer exceeds the Borrowing Base on such Business Day), prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize Letter of Credit Obligations in
accordance with this Section 2.6(b) such that (i) Borrowing Base Debt is equal to or less than the Borrowing Base or (ii) all Letters of Credit are Cash Collateralized and there are no Loans outstanding. Amounts to be applied in
connection with prepayments made pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be applied, first, to the prepayment of Loans, and second, if the aggregate principal amount of Loans then outstanding is less than the amount

-44- 

of such prepayments because Letter of Credit Obligations constitute a portion thereof, the Administrative Agent shall deposit the balance of such prepayments in a cash collateral account
established with the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to Cash Collateralize Letter of Credit Obligations. The application of any prepayment of Loans
pursuant to this Section 
2.6(b) shall be made, first, to ABR Loans and second, to Term SOFR Loans. 

2.7. Funding
. Not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on each Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available its Loan or Loans in funds immediately available in New York to the Administrative Agent at its address specified pursuant to Article XIV. The
Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the applicable Lenders available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agents aforesaid address. 

2.8. Interest Rates. 

(a) Each ABR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the date such ABR
Loan is made or is converted from a Term SOFR Loan into an ABR Loan pursuant to Section 2.2.4, to but excluding the date it is paid or is converted into a Term SOFR Loan pursuant to Section 2.2.4, at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate
Base Rate for such day plus the Applicable Base Rate Margin for such day. Changes in the rate of interest on any ABR Loan will take effect simultaneously with each change in the Alternate Base Rate or the Applicable Base Rate Margin. 

(b) Each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from and including the first day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto to (but not including) the last day of such Interest Period at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable SOFR Margin in effect two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period.

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right,
with the Borrowers prior written consent (such consent by the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and
the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

2.9. Rates Applicable After Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 2.2, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which
notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.2 requiring unanimous consent of the Lenders adversely affected thereby to a reduction in an interest rate), declare that no Loan may be made as,
converted into or continued (after the then applicable Interest Period therefor) as a Term SOFR Loan. If any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated
maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (A) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, the rate otherwise
applicable to such Loan as provided above plus the Default Rate or (B) in the case of any other amount, the Default Rate plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided above. 

-45- 

2.10. Method and Allocation of Payments.

(a) All payments of the Obligations hereunder shall be made, without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim, in immediately available funds
to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents address specified pursuant to Article XIV, or at any other Lending Installation of the Administrative Agent specified in writing by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, by 1:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the date when due. Each payment delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender shall be delivered promptly by the Administrative Agent to such Lender in the same type of funds that the Administrative Agent
received at its address specified pursuant to Article XIV or at any Lending Installation specified in a notice received by the Administrative Agent from such Lender. 

(b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.10(c) and (d): 

(i) Payments of principal on Loans received by the Administrative Agent shall be allocated among the Lenders based on
their Ratable Shares; except that payment of principal of Loans made under Commitments on the termination date thereof shall be made ratably to the Lenders of such Commitments; and 

(ii) Payments of interest on Loans received by the Administrative Agent shall be allocated among the Lenders based on
their Ratable Shares; except that payment of interest accrued on Loans made under Commitments on the termination date thereof shall be made ratably to the Lenders of such Commitments. 

(c) Payments made by the Borrower shall be applied first, to interest and fees accrued on the Loans or Commitments and
second, to the principal of the Loans. 

(d) If the Administrative Agent receives payments on any Business Day of any amounts
payable to any Lender hereunder and fails to pay such amount to such Lender (i) on or before the close of business on such day if such payment was received by 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on such day or (ii) on or before the next succeeding
Business Day if such payment was received after 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on such day of receipt, the Administrative Agent shall pay to such Lender interest on such unpaid amount at the Federal Funds Rate until such amount is so paid to such Lender.

2.11. Noteless Agreement; Evidence of Indebtedness. 

(a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower
to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder and
the Rate Option and Interest Period with respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the
Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lenders share thereof. 

(c) The entries maintained in the accounts
maintained pursuant to Sections 2.11(a) and (b) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; providedhowever that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms. 

-46- 

(d) Any Lender may request that its Loans be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the
Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender the Note or Notes payable to such Lender or its registered assigns in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at
all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.2) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the payee named therein or its registered assigns, except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any
such Note for cancellation and requests that such Loans once again be evidenced as described in Sections 2.11(a) and (b) 
above. 

2.12. [Reserved]. 

2.13. Interest Payment Dates; Interest and Fee Basis. Interest accrued on each ABR Advance shall
be payable quarterly, with such payment being due, with respect to any calendar quarter, not later than the fifteenth day following such last day of each calendar quarter and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing the first such
date to occur after the Closing Date. Interest accrued on each Term SOFR Advance shall be payable on the last day of its applicable Interest Period, on any date on which the Term SOFR Advance is prepaid, whether due to acceleration or otherwise, and
at maturity. Interest accrued on each Term SOFR Advance having an Interest Period longer than three months shall also be payable on each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after
the first day of such Interest Period. Interest and fees under this Agreement shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year except that interest on ABR Advances made at the Prime
Rate shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 365-day (or, if applicable, 366-day) year. Interest shall be payable for the day a Loan is made but
not for the day of any payment on the amount paid if payment is received prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) at the place of payment. If any payment of principal of or interest on a Loan shall become due on a day which is not a Business Day, such
payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest in connection with such payment. 

2.14. Notification of Advances, Interest Rates, Prepayments and Aggregate Commitment Reductions.
Promptly after receipt thereof, (a) the Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the contents of each Aggregate Commitment reduction notice, and (b) the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of each Borrowing Notice, Rate
Option Notice and repayment notice received by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will notify each Lender of the interest rate applicable to each Term SOFR Loan promptly upon determination of such interest rate and will give each
Lender prompt notice of each change in the Alternate Base Rate or Applicable Base Rate Margin. 

2.15. Lending Installations. Each Lender may book its Loans at any Lending Installation selected
by such Lender and may change its Lending Installation from time to time. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Installation and the applicable Loans and Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the
benefit of such Lending Installation. Each Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with Article XIV, designate replacement or additional Lending Installations through which Loans will be made by it
and for whose account Loan payments are to be made. 

2.16. Non-Receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent.
Unless the Borrower or a Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date, or time of day in the case of same-day borrowings, on which it is scheduled to make payment to the
Administrative Agent of (i) in the case of a Lender, the proceeds of a Loan or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, a payment of principal, interest or fees to the Administrative Agent for the account of any of the Lenders, that it does not
intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such payment has been made. The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the amount of such payment available to the intended recipient in reliance upon such
assumption. If such Lender or the Borrower, as the case may 

-47- 

be, has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand by the Administrative Agent, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made
available, together with interest thereon, in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the Administrative Agent until the date the Administrative Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum
equal to (x) in the case of payment by a Lender, the Federal Funds Rate for such day or (y) in the case of payment by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. 

2.17. [Reserved]. 

2.18. Facility Increase.

(a) The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, by notice to the Administrative Agent, request an increase in the Aggregate
Commitment (a Facility Increase), which notice shall set forth the amount of such requested Facility Increase. Such Facility Increase may be effected (i) by having one or more New Lenders become Lenders under the Revolving
Credit Facility and/or (ii) by having any one or more of the then-existing Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility (at their respective election in their sole discretion), in each case, that have been approved by the Borrower and are
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (such approval by the Administrative Agent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), increase the amount of their existing Commitments, provided that (i) each Facility Increase shall
be in an amount not less than $5,000,000, (ii) after giving effect to the Facility Increase, the Aggregate Commitment shall not exceed the Aggregate Credit Facility Limit, (iii) no Default or Event of Default exists or would exist after giving
effect to the Facility Increase, (iv) all financial covenants set forth in Section 7.27 would be satisfied on a pro forma basis for the most recent determination period, assuming that the Loans outstanding on the date of effectiveness of
the Facility Increase had been outstanding on the last day of such determination period, (v) any Facility Increase shall be pursuant to this Agreement, (vi) the terms and conditions of any Facility Increase (for the avoidance of doubt, not
including upfront fees, commitment fees payable to obtain such increased commitments or similar fees, which shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Additional Lenders) shall be the same as the terms and conditions applicable to the
Revolving Credit Facility and (vii) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Increase Date except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated
to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date (providedthat any representation and warranty that is
qualified as to materiality, material adverse effect or similar language shall be true and correct as of such date); provided that if there is more than one Termination Date at the time of effectiveness of a Facility Increase, the Termination
Date for the Facility Increase shall be the latest Termination Date. 

(b) As a condition to a Facility Increase, (i) the
Borrower and each applicable Additional Lender shall have executed and delivered a commitment and acceptance (the Commitment and Acceptance) substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and the Administrative Agent shall
have accepted and executed the same; (ii) if requested by an Additional Lender, the Borrower shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent the applicable Note payable to the order of such Additional Lender; (iii) the
Guarantors shall have consented in writing to the Facility Increase and shall have agreed that their Guaranty Agreements continue in full force and effect; (iv) the Borrower and each Additional Lender shall otherwise have executed and delivered
such other instruments and documents as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested in connection with such Facility Increase; and (v) if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent opinions of counsel (substantially similar to the forms of opinions provided for in Section 5.1(vi), modified to apply to the Facility Increase and to each Note, Commitment and Acceptance, and other documents executed and
delivered in connection with such Facility Increase). The form and substance of 

-48- 

the documents required under clauses (i) through (v) above shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly provide written notice to all
of the Lenders hereunder of each Facility Increase and shall promptly provide copies of each Commitment and Acceptance to all of the Lenders. 

(c) Upon the effective date of any Facility Increase pursuant to the provisions hereof (the Increase Date), which
Increase Date shall be mutually agreed upon by the Borrower, each applicable Additional Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) such Additional Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and received, without
recourse or warranty, from the Lenders party to this Agreement immediately prior to the Increase Date, an undivided interest and participation in any Letter of Credit then outstanding, ratably, such that each Lender (including each Additional
Lender) holds a participation interest in each such Letter of Credit in the amount of its then Ratable Share thereof; and (B) each Additional Lender shall make its Ratable Share of all Advances made on or after such Increase Date and shall
otherwise have all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder on and after such Increase Date. 

(d) After the Increase
Date, the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide to each Lender a new Schedule 1 to this Agreement. In the event that there are any Loans outstanding after giving effect to an increase in the Aggregate Commitment pursuant to this
Section 2.18, upon notice from Administrative Agent to each Lender, the amount of such Loans owing to each Lender shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the new Commitments and the new Ratable Shares, it being intended that all Loans be
held ratably in accordance with the Ratable Shares. If, as a result of any such adjustment to the amount of Loans owing to any Lender, any payment of all or a portion of any Term SOFR Loan owing to any such Lender occurs on a day which is not the
last day of the applicable Interest Period, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the affected Lenders any loss or cost incurred by such Lenders resulting therefrom in accordance with Section 3.6. 

(e) Nothing contained herein shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment or agreement on the part of any Lender to
increase its Commitment hereunder at any time or a commitment or agreement on the part of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to give or grant any Lender the right to increase its Commitment hereunder at any time. 

2.19. [Reserved]. 

2.20. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of a Lender. 

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1 or 3.2, or requires the
Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts in respect of any Indemnified Taxes to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.7, then such Lender shall (at the request of the
Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Installation for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of
such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.7, as the case may be, in the future, or would cause Section 3.5 to be inapplicable, and (ii) would
not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation
or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.1, Section 3.2, or
if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts in respect of any Indemnified Taxes to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender 

-49- 

pursuant to Section 3.7, or if a Lender gives notice of illegality pursuant to Section 3.8 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending
Installation in accordance with Section 2.20(a) or Section 3.5, as the case may be, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and
effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 13.2), all of its
interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.7) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which
assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that: 

(i) the Borrower shall
have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 13.3; 

(ii) such Lender
shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in Letters of Credit, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.6) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.1 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 3.7, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 

(iv) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law; and 

(v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a
Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the
circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

2.21. [Reserved]. 

2.22. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement
or in the other Loan Documents: 

(a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments. If any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to

-50- 

Section 12.1 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Exposure with respect to
such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 4.10; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion
thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such
Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks future Letter of Credit Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to
future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 4.10; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by
any Lender or the Issuing Banks against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists,
to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under
this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or
outstanding Letters of Credit Obligations in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth
in Section 5.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis
prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letter of Credit Obligations are held by the
Lenders pro rata in accordance with their Commitments without giving effect to clause (iv) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting
Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.22(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Certain Fees. (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Undrawn Fee or Letter of Credit
Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to
receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Ratable Share of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to
Section 4.10. 

(C) With respect to any Undrawn Fee or Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any
Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to

-51- 

such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in Letter of Credit Obligations that has been reallocated to such
Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Banks
Letter of Credit Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lenders
participation in Letter of Credit Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments (calculated without regard to such Defaulting
Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting
Lenders Commitment. Subject to Section 10.15, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender,
including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral. If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be
effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 4.10.

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank agree in writing
that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements
with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause
the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their Commitments (without giving effect to clause (a)(i) above), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;
provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent
otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that
Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a
Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Letter of Credit Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

ARTICLE III 

INCREASED COSTS; TAXES 

3.1. Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any
compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Term SOFR Rate) or any
Issuing Bank; 

-52- 

(ii) subject any Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes (other than
(A) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes or (B) Excluded Taxes); or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or any
Issuing Bank any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any
Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Term SOFR Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to
issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, upon receipt by the Borrower of a certificate delivered by
such Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.3, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided, in each case, that such Lender or such Issuing Bank certifies that it generally has requested such payments from similarly situated borrowers. 

3.2. Capital Adequacy. If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting
such Lender or Issuing Bank or any lending office of such Lender or such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such
Lenders or Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in
Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change
in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon receipt by the Borrower of a certificate
delivered by such Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 3.3, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders
or Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided, in each case, that such Lender or such Issuing Bank has requested such payments from similarly situated borrowers. 

3.3. Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Section 3.1 or 3.2 and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall
pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

3.4. Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand
compensation pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank
pursuant to Section 3.1 or 3.2 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions, and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period
referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

-53- 

3.5. Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(a) Subject to clauses (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 3.5, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for
a Term SOFR Advance or a continuation of any such Advances: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period; provided that no Benchmark
Transition Event shall have occurred at such time; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required
Lenders that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Advance for such
Interest Period; 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as
promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any Rate Option Notice that requests the conversion of any
Advance to, or continuation of any Advance as, a Term SOFR Advance shall be ineffective and (B) if any borrowing request requests a Term SOFR Advance, such Advance shall be made as an ABR Advance; provided that if the circumstances
giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Advances, then the other Type of Advances shall be permitted. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark
settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of
Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long
as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further
action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

-54- 

(e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of
(i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of
a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) above and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or
group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.5, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.5. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any
tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a
Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(g) Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any
request for a Term SOFR Advance of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request
into a request for a Term SOFR Advance of or conversion to an ABR Advance. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the
then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 

3.6. Funding Indemnification. If (a) (i) any payment of a Term SOFR Loan occurs on a date which is not the last day of the applicable Interest Period, whether because of acceleration, prepayment or otherwise (including the
occurrence during the Interest Period of the Termination Date applicable to the Commitment under which such Term SOFR Loan was made), (ii) a Term SOFR Advance is not made, or (iii) any Advance is not continued or converted into a Term SOFR
Advance, on the date specified by the Borrower, in each case, for any reason other than default by one or more of the Lenders or (b) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan occurs on a date which is not the last day of the applicable Interest
Period as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.20, then the Borrower will indemnify each Lender for any loss or cost (including any reasonable internal administrative costs) incurred by it resulting therefrom, including any
loss or cost in liquidating or employing deposits acquired to fund or maintain such Term SOFR Advance. Determination of amounts payable under this Section 3.6 in connection with a Term SOFR Loan shall be calculated as though each Lender funded its
Term SOFR Loan through the purchase of a deposit of the type and maturity corresponding to the deposit used as a reference in determining the interest rate applicable to such Loan, whether in fact that is the case or not. 

-55- 

3.7. Taxes. 

(a) For purposes of this Section 3.7, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank. 

(b) All payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or
withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax with respect to any such payment
by any applicable withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law
and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all such deductions or withholdings have been made by any applicable withholding agent (including
such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.7) each Lender (or, in the case of payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to
the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made. 

(c) The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse the Administrative Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(d) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of
any Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.7) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a
Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

(f) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.7,
the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) (i) Each Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of
withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and
executed documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, each Lender shall
deliver such other documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to determine whether or not such Lender is subject

-56- 

to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders any such documentation (including any specific
documentation required below in this Section 3.7(g)) obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any respect, deliver promptly to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(A) each Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date
on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two properly completed and duly executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding; 

(B) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent prior to the date on which such
Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(i) two properly completed and duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor form) claiming eligibility for the applicable benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; 

(ii) two properly completed and duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI (or
any successor form); 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio
interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) two properly completed and duly executed certificates substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 (a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate) and (y) two properly completed and duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any
successor form); or 

(iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Foreign
Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender), two properly completed and duly executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form), accompanied by IRS Form
W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in
the form of Exhibit E-3 or Exhibit E-4, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents (or
any successor forms) from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the
portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s); 

(C) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with any requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time
or times prescribed by Applicable Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law 

-57- 

(including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA and to determine, if necessary, the amount to deduct and withhold
from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (C), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 3.7(g), a Lender shall not be required to deliver any documentation pursuant to this
Section 3.7(g) that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Borrower and any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by the Lender to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.7(g). 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent or
any Lender receives a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.7 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.7), it shall pay to the
Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section 3.7 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, shall repay the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 3.7(h) (plus any penalties, interest
or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender if the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 3.7(h), in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.7(h) the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender
in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld
or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 3.7(h) shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax
returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any other Person. 

(i) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.7 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

3.8. Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has
asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Installation to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of
such Lender to engage in reverse repurchase of U.S. Treasury securities transactions of the type included in the determination of SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the
Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or
maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be

-58- 

determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable,
convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate
component of the Alternate Base Rate), immediately and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute
the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or
charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.6. 

ARTICLE IV 

THE
LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY 

4.1. Letters of Credit. At the request of the Borrower,
each Issuing Bank shall, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, issue from time to time for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, through such offices or branches as it and the Borrower may jointly agree, one or
more Letters of Credit in accordance with this Article IV, during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Business Day prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided that (i) the aggregate face amount of all
Letters of Credit outstanding at any time shall not exceed the Aggregate L/C Limit and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend or amend any Letter of Credit if after giving effect thereto the aggregate face amount of Letters of
Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed such Issuing Banks L/C Limit. 

4.2.
Limitations. 

(a) No Issuing Bank shall issue, amend or extend, at any time, any Letter of Credit: 

(i) if, after giving effect to the Letter of Credit or amendment or extension thereof requested hereunder, the aggregate
maximum amount then available for drawing under Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank shall exceed any limit imposed by Applicable Law upon such Issuing Bank or any Lender; 

(ii) if, after giving effect to the Letter of Credit or amendment or extension thereof requested hereunder, (w) the
Borrowing Base Availability would be less than zero, (x) the Letter of Credit Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed such Issuing Banks L/C Limit, (y) the sum of (A) the aggregate
principal amount of all outstanding Loans plus (B) the Letter of Credit Obligations exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (z) such Issuing Banks Exposure would exceed its Commitment; 

(iii) if such Issuing Bank receives written notice from the Administrative Agent no later than one (1) Business Day
prior to the proposed Issuance Date of such Letter of Credit that the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.1 or 5.2, as applicable, would not on such Issuance Date be satisfied unless such conditions are thereafter satisfied and written
notice of such satisfaction is given to such Issuing Bank by the Administrative Agent; 

(iv) that is in a currency
other than United States dollars; 

-59- 

(v) subject to Section 4.4(d), if the expiry date of such
requested Letter of Credit would occur after the first anniversary of the date of issuance thereof, unless agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank; 

(vi) if the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless
the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank approve; provided that (x) on or prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize such Letter of Credit and (y) in no event shall any
Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement have an expiry date that occurs after the first anniversary of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; 

(vii) (A) [reserved]; or 

(viii) if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender and after giving effect to the issuance of such Letters of Credit or
amendment or extension thereof, the sum of Exposures of the Non-Defaulting Lenders would exceed the Non-Defaulting Lenders ratable portion of the Aggregate
Commitment, unless such excess amount is Cash Collateralized by the Borrower in accordance with Section 4.10. 

(b) An Issuing
Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(i) any order, judgment or decree of any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from,
the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not
otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Closing Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to
it; or 

(ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable
to letters of credit generally. 

4.3. Conditions. In addition to being subject to the
satisfaction of the conditions contained in Sections 5.1 and 5.2, as applicable, the issuance of any Letter of Credit is subject to the satisfaction in full of the condition that the Borrower shall have delivered to such Issuing Bank at such times
and in such manner as the Issuing Bank may reasonably prescribe such documents (including, if requested, an Application) and materials as may be reasonably required pursuant to the terms thereof, and the proposed Letter of Credit shall be reasonably
satisfactory to such Issuing Bank in form and content. 

4.4. Procedure for Issuance of Letters
of Credit. 

(a) The Borrower shall give such Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not less than five (5) Business
Days (or such shorter period as such Issuing Bank, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall agree) prior written notice of any requested issuance of a Letter of Credit under this Agreement by delivering (including via electronic
delivery, such as an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank), to the Issuing Banks at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction
of the Issuing Bank. Such Application shall specify (i) the stated amount of the Letter of Credit requested, (ii) the requested Issuance Date, which shall be a Business Day, (iii) the date on which such requested

-60- 

Letter of Credit is to expire, which date shall be in compliance with the requirements of Sections 4.2(v) and (vi), (iv) the purpose for which such Letter of Credit is to be issued and
(v) the Person for whose benefit the requested Letter of Credit is to be issued. At the time such request is made, the Borrower shall also provide such Issuing Bank with a copy of the form of the Letter of Credit it is requesting be issued and
the proposed form shall be reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) An Issuing Bank shall not extend (other than by operation of an automatic renewal provision) or amend any Letter of Credit unless
the requirements of this Section 4.4 and Sections 4.1 and 4.2 are met as though a new Letter of Credit were being requested and issued. 

(d) If Borrower so requests in any Application, then an Issuing Bank shall issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension
provisions (each, an Evergreen Letter of Credit); providedthat (i) any such Evergreen Letter of Credit shall set forth such Issuing Banks notice periods to prevent any automatic extension (the
Nonextension Notice Date) and (ii) the expiry date resulting from each automatic extension shall occur no later than the first anniversary of the start date of such automatic extension, unless agreed by the applicable Issuing
Bank. The Issuing Bank shall use commercially reasonable efforts to advise the Borrower of any such notice of nonextension. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable Issuing Bank, Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such
Issuing Bank for any such extension. Once an Evergreen Letter of Credit has been issued, Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable Issuing Bank to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to a
date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any such extension if (i) such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit
in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that Section 4.3 shall not apply), or (ii) it has received notice (which must be in writing) on or before the date that is 10 Business Days preceding the Nonextension Notice Date from
Administrative Agent or Borrower that one (1) or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 5.2is not then satisfied. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall have any
obligation to permit the extension of any Evergreen Letter of Credit at any time. 

(e) Any Lender may, but shall not be obligated
to, issue to the Borrower or any Subsidiary letters of credit (that are not Letters of Credit) for its own account, and at its own risk. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall apply to any letter of credit that is not a Letter of Credit.

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any Application or Letter of Credit conflicts with the provisions of this
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern. 

4.5. Duties of Issuing Bank. Any
action taken or omitted to be taken by an Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, if taken or omitted in the absence of bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final and non-appealable judgment, shall not put such Issuing Bank under any resulting liability to any Lender or, relieve any Lender of its obligations hereunder to such Issuing Bank. In determining whether
to pay under any Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to the Lenders other than to confirm that any documents required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit appear to have been delivered in compliance with the
requirements of such Letter of Credit. 

4.6. Participation; Reimbursement. 

(a) Immediately upon issuance by an Issuing Bank of any Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 4.4, each Lender shall be
deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and received 

-61- 

from such Issuing Bank, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation, in the amount of its Ratable Share of, such Letter of Credit (including all obligations of the
Borrower with respect thereto other than amounts owing to such Issuing Bank under Section 3.2). Upon the occurrence of a Termination Date (other than the latest Termination Date then applicable), the aggregate amount of participations in
Letters of Credit held by Lenders in respect of Commitments terminating on such Termination Date shall be deemed to be reallocated to the Lenders holding Commitments which are not terminating on such date, such that, upon such reallocation, the
participation of the remaining Lenders in outstanding Letters of Credit shall be in proportion to their respective Ratable Shares; provided that in no event shall such reallocation result in the Exposure of any Lender exceeding its
Commitment. 

(b) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit,
the applicable Issuing Bank shall within the time allowed by applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit.
Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof and the date required for payment of such drawing under such Letter of Credit; provided that any failure to give or delay in
giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such disbursement. In the event that an Issuing Bank makes any payment under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower
shall unconditionally reimburse such Issuing Bank not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the next Business Day immediately following the day on which the Borrower receives notice of such payment from the Issuing Bank, whether payment is made
through an Advance hereunder or otherwise. If the Borrower shall not have repaid such amount to such Issuing Bank on or before the date of such payment by such Issuing Bank, such Issuing Bank shall promptly so notify the Administrative Agent, which
shall promptly so notify each Lender. Upon receipt of such notice, each Lender severally agrees that it shall promptly and unconditionally pay to the Administrative Agent (in same day funds) for the account of such Issuing Bank the amount of such
Lenders Ratable Share of the payments so made by such Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay such amount, and any other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for such Issuing Banks account pursuant to this
Section 4.6(b), to such Issuing Bank. If the Administrative Agent so notifies such Lender prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on any Business Day, such Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank
such Lenders Ratable Share of the amount of such payment on such Business Day in same day funds. If and to the extent such Lender shall not have so made its Ratable Share of the amount of such payment available to the Administrative Agent for
the account of such Issuing Bank, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was first due until
the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank, at the Federal Funds Rate. The failure of any Lender to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank such Lenders
Ratable Share of any such payment shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Ratable Share of any payment on the date such payment is to be
made. 

(c) The Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.2.3
that such payment be financed with an ABR Advance in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Advance. Any payment made
by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any payment (other than the funding of ABR Advances as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse
such payment. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

-62- 

(e) The obligations of the Lenders to make payments to the Administrative Agent for
the account of an Issuing Bank with respect to a Letter of Credit and the Borrowers reimbursement obligations in respect of Letters of Credit hereunder shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and not subject to any qualification or
exception whatsoever, including the following: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any
of the other Loan Documents; 

(ii) the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right which the Borrower may
have at any time against a beneficiary named in a Letter of Credit or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such transferee may be acting), such Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any other Person,
whether in connection with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions (including any underlying transactions between the Borrower or any other Loan Party and the beneficiary named in any
Letter of Credit); 

(iii) any draft, certificate or any other document presented under the Letter of Credit proving
to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; 

(iv) the surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or observance of any of the terms of any of the Loan
Documents; 

(v) any failure by the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank to make any reports required pursuant to
Section 4.8; 

(vi) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(vii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or 

(viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. 

(f) The Borrowers reimbursement obligations in respect of Letters of Credit hereunder to make payments to the Administrative Agent
for the account of an Issuing Bank under this Section 4.6 shall, in each case, continue until all Letters of Credit of such Issuing Bank have expired, regardless of whether (i) such Letters of Credit have been Cash Collateralized,
(ii) any Commitment has terminated or (iii) the Issuing Bank of such Letter of Credit has been replaced pursuant to Section 2.20. 

(g) The Lenders obligation in respect of Letters of Credit hereunder to make payments to the Administrative Agent for the account
of an Issuing Bank under this Section 4.6 shall, in each case, continue until all Letters of Credit of such Issuing Bank have expired, regardless of whether (i) such Letters of Credit have been Cash Collateralized, (ii) subject to the
last two sentences of Section 4.6(a), any Commitment has terminated or (iii) the Issuing Bank of such Letter of Credit has been replaced pursuant to Section 2.20; provided that if an Issuing Bank agrees to issue, amend or
extend a Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 4.2(vi), a Lenders obligation in respect of such Letter of Credit hereunder to make payments to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank under this Section 4.6
shall expire upon termination of such Lenders Commitment unless at the time of such termination an Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

-63- 

4.7. Compensation for Letters of Credit. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (except to the extent that the Borrower shall be required to pay directly to
the Lenders as provided in Section 4.7(d)), in the case of each outstanding Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Fee therefor, payable quarterly in arrears as hereinafter provided on the daily average face amount (net of permanent reductions)
of each Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during the preceding calendar quarter. The Letter of Credit Fees shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears (i) with respect to any calendar quarter, not later than fifteen days following
after the end of such calendar quarter, (ii) on each Termination Date and (iii) if any Letter of Credit remains outstanding after the latest Termination Date, with respect to any calendar quarter thereafter through the last calendar
quarter during which the last Letter of Credit ceases to be outstanding, not later than the fifteenth day after the end of such calendar quarter (each such date specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii), a Quarterly Payment Date).
The Administrative Agent shall promptly remit such Letter of Credit Fees, when received by it, to the Lenders based on their Ratable Shares of the Revolving Credit Facility. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank (except to the extent that the
Borrower shall be required to pay directly to the Issuing Bank as provided in Section 4.7(d)) a fronting fee for each Letter of Credit in an amount equal to 0.125% per annum times the daily undrawn amount of such Letter of Credit payable
quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth day after the end of each fiscal quarter (including, if any Letter of Credit remains outstanding after the latest Termination Date, each the fifteenth day after the end of each fiscal quarter thereafter until
the first fiscal quarter after the date on which the last outstanding Letter of Credit ceases to be outstanding). The Administrative Agent shall promptly remit such fronting fee, when received by it, to such Issuing Bank. 

(c) Borrower shall pay to the applicable Issuing Bank, promptly upon demand, the amount of any fees (in addition to the fees described
in Sections 4.7(a) and 4.7(b)) which such Issuing Bank customarily charges to a Person similarly situated in the ordinary course of its business for issuing, amending or extending Letters of Credit, for honoring drafts, and taking similar action in
connection with Letters of Credit, together with all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such Issuing Bank incurred in connection therewith. 

(d) After the latest Termination Date and the Repayment in Full, the Borrower shall make on each Quarterly Payment Date
(i) payments of Letter of Credit Fees under Section 4.7(a) directly to the Lenders in the amounts of their respective Ratable Shares thereof and (ii) payments of fronting fees under Section 4.7(b) directly to each Issuing Bank
that issued a Letter of Credit that was outstanding at any time during the prior calendar quarter. 

(e) Letter of Credit Fees and
fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 4.7(b) shall be calculated, on a pro rata basis for the period to which such payment applies, for actual days elapsed during such period, on the basis of a
360-day year. 

4.8. Issuing Bank Reporting
Requirements. 

(a) Each Issuing Bank shall, no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following the last day of each month,
provide to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower a schedule of the Letters of Credit issued by it, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, showing the Issuance Date, account party, original face amount,
expiration date, the reference number of each Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during such month and the aggregate amount (if any) payable by the Borrower to such Issuing Bank during the month pursuant to Section 3.2 and such other
information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 

-64- 

(b) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, an Issuing Bank shall
furnish to the requesting Administrative Agent or Lender copies of any Letter of Credit or Application to which such Issuing Bank is party. 

4.9. Indemnification; Nature of Issuing Banks Duties. 

(a) In addition to amounts payable as elsewhere provided in this Article IV, the Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and
save and hold the Administrative Agent and each Lender and Issuing Bank harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from the
claims of third parties against the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender as a consequence, direct or indirect, of (i) the issuance of any Letter of Credit other than, in the case of an Issuing Bank, as a result of its bad faith,
willful misconduct or gross negligence as proven in a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) the failure of an Issuing Bank to honor a drawing under a Letter of
Credit issued by it as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or governmental authority. 

(b) As among the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Bank, the Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and
omissions of, or misuse of Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender nor (subject to the provisions of
Section 4.9(d)) an Issuing Bank shall be responsible: (i) for the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for and issuance of the Letters
of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged; (ii) for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or
assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) for failure of the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit to comply fully
with conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit; (iv) for errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in
cipher; (v) for errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) for any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof;
(vii) for the misapplication by the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; and (viii) for any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of the Administrative Agent, such
Issuing Bank and the Lenders including any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or governmental authority. None of the above shall affect, impair, or prevent the vesting of any rights
or powers of an Issuing Bank under this Section 4.9. 

(c) In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific
provisions hereinabove set forth, any action taken or omitted by an Issuing Bank under or in connection with the Letters of Credit or any related certificates, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put such Issuing Bank, the Administrative
Agent or any Lender under any resulting liability to the Borrower or relieve the Borrower of any of its obligations hereunder to any such Person. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.9, the Borrower shall have no obligation to indemnify an
Issuing Bank under this Section 4.9 in respect of any liability incurred by such Issuing Bank arising primarily out of the bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Issuing Bank, as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. 

-65- 

4.10. Cash Collateralization. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within two Business Days following the written request of the Administrative
Agent or any Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize such Defaulting Lenders share of the Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Exposure (determined after giving effect to
Section 2.22(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender). 

(i) The Borrower, and to the
extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks, and agrees to maintain, an exclusive perfected security interest, subject only to any inchoate tax
liens referred to in clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens, in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Obligations, to be
applied pursuant to clause (ii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim (other than inchoate tax liens referred to in clause (i) of the definition of Permitted
Liens) of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks as herein provided, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an
amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, but subject to clause (iii) below, Cash
Collateral provided under this Section 4.10(b)(ii) or Section 2.22 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit
Obligations (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for
herein. 

(iii) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any Issuing Banks Letter
of Credit Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 4.10(b) or Section 2.22 and to the extent provided by the Borrower, shall be returned to the Borrower following (i) the elimination
or reduction of the applicable Letter of Credit Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender or the replacement of the Defaulting Lender as a Lender pursuant to Section 2.20(b) or the expiration or
return to the applicable Issuing Bank of the applicable Letter of Credit), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to Section 2.22,
the Person providing Cash Collateral and each Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Letter of Credit Exposure or other obligations and providedfurther that to the extent that such Cash
Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral held by the Administrative Agent shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

In addition, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit when required by and in accordance with Sections 2.6(b) and 2.22. 

-66- 

4.11. No Obligation. No Lender shall have any
obligation hereunder to accept or approve any request for, or to issue, amend or extend, any Letter of Credit hereunder except for the obligations of the Lenders under this Article IV. 

4.12. [Reserved]. 

4.13. Additional Provisions Regarding Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its
terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with
jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank (x) shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, (y) shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with
respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise entitled to be compensated hereunder) not in effect on the date of this Agreement, or (z) shall impose upon such
Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the date hereof and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; provided that, in the cases of clauses (y) and (z), such Issuing Bank shall
have (1) provided written notice to the Borrower of its refusal to issue any Letter of Credit and the specific reasons therefor and the Borrower shall not have fully compensated such Issuing Bank for the imposition of such restriction, reserve
or capital requirement or reimbursed such Issuing Bank for such loss, cost or expense, as applicable, and (2) sought compensation from similarly situated borrowers. An Issuing Bank shall not be obligated to amend any Letter of Credit if
(A) such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of
Credit. 

4.14. Applicability of ISP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable
Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect
at the time of issuance) shall apply to each Letter of Credit. 

4.15. Letters of Credit Issued
for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank hereunder for
any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives
substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

5.1. Closing Conditions. This Agreement shall not be effective unless the Borrower has furnished
to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) Copies of the charter of the Borrower, together with all amendments, and a
certificate of good standing, each certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation. 

-67- 

(ii) Copies, certified by a Senior Executive of the Borrower, of the
bylaws and Board of Directors resolutions and resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents. 

(iii) An incumbency certificate, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Authorized
Officers and any other officers of the Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Borrower. 

(iv) A certificate, signed by the chief financial officer, controller, chief accounting officer, or other officer that
has similar responsibilities of the Borrower, (x) stating that on the Closing Date no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and that all of the representations and warranties in Article VI are true and correct in all
material respects (except to the extent already qualified by materiality, in which case said representations and warranties are true and correct in all respects), and (y) certifying the Leverage Ratio as of September 30, 2024 giving pro
forma effect to any Advances to be made on the Closing Date, together with a reasonably detailed calculation thereof. 

(v) A solvency certificate signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, confirming the solvency of the Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after giving effect to any Advance or issuance of a Letter of Credit on the Closing Date. 

(vi) Written opinions of (i) Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, counsel for the Borrower and the other
Loan Parties, and (ii) Venable LLP, special Maryland counsel to the Borrower, in each case addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(vii) Any Notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.11 payable to the order of each such requesting Lender.

(viii) The Pledge Agreement, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower as of the Closing Date, together with duly
prepared financing statements in form for filing under the applicable UCC in the jurisdiction of formation of the Borrower. 

(ix) All certificates and instruments representing or evidencing the Collateral (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) in
suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignments in blank and all other documents, agreements or instruments necessary to perfect the Administrative Agents security interest in the
Collateral. 

(x) The Administrative Agent shall have received reasonable evidence satisfactory to it that the Spin-Off will be consummated on the Closing Date substantially on the terms set forth in the Form S-11.

(xi) Payment of all fees and expenses due to the Arrangers and the Lenders (including expenses of counsel to the
Administrative Agent and the Arrangers) required to be paid on the Closing Date, in the case of expenses, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

(xii) All documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your
customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, that has been requested in writing by the Arranger at least ten business days prior to the Closing Date. 

-68- 

(xiii) To the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity
customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership
Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (to the extent required by law). 

(xiv) A Borrowing Base Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit J, as of
September 30, 2024. 

(xv) Copies of UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches
or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Borrowing Base Party as debtor and that are filed in those jurisdictions where the Administrative
Agent has requested lien searches and such other searches that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral covered or intended to be covered by the Security Documents (other than Liens acceptable to
the Administrative Agent). 

5.2. Each Advance. The Lenders shall not be required to make any
Advance and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or extend a Letter of Credit unless on the applicable Borrowing Date or Issuance Date: 

(i) There exists no Default or Event of Default, at the time of or after giving effect to the use of the proceeds of such
Advance or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit. 

(ii) The representations and warranties
contained in Article VI are true and correct in all material respects as of such Borrowing Date or Issuance Date except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date (provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, material adverse effect or similar
language shall be true and correct as of such date). 

(iii) Giving effect to such Advance or the issuance, amendment
or extension of such Letter of Credit, the Borrowing Base Debt shall not be greater than the Borrowing Base; provided that the condition precedent in this Section 5.2(iii) shall be deemed to be satisfied if the Borrower shall,
substantially concurrently with such extension of credit, take actions as required by Section 2.6(b) so that Borrowing Base Debt, after giving effect to such Advance or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, is equal to
or less than the Borrowing Base. 

(iv) The Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Notice or
Application, as applicable. 

Each Borrowing Notice with respect to each such Advance, and each Application with respect to the issuance,
amendment or extension of each such Letter of Credit, shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions contained in Sections 5.2(i), (ii) and (iii) are satisfied. 

-69- 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

6.1. Existence and Standing. The Borrower is (i) a corporation, duly and properly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and (ii) has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except with respect to
this subclause (ii) as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the other Borrowing Base Parties is (i) a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust duly and properly incorporated or
organized, as the case may be, validly existing and (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and (ii) has all requisite authority to conduct its
business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except with respect to this subclause (ii) as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.2. Authorization and Validity. Each Loan Party has the power and authority and legal right to
execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder
have been duly authorized by proper corporate (or, in the case of Loan Parties that are not corporations, other) proceedings, and the Loan Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the applicable Loan Parties enforceable against
them in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in equity or law). 

6.3. No Conflict; Consents. Neither the execution and delivery by
the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents, nor the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions thereof will violate (i) any Applicable Law binding on any of the Borrowing Base Parties or their respective
Property or (ii) the charter, the articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement, certificate of partnership, articles or certificate of organization, by-laws, or operating or other management agreement, as the case may be, of the
Borrowing Base Parties, or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement governing Indebtedness to which any Borrowing Base Party is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its Property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a
default thereunder, or result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) in, of or on the Property of any Borrowing Base Party pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement governing
Indebtedness other than any such violation, conflict, default or Lien which, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (iii) above, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license,
authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any Official Body or any other Person that has not been obtained by any Borrowing Base Party, is required to be obtained by
any Borrowing Base Party in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the borrowings and the issuance of Letters of Credit under this Agreement, the payment and performance by the Loan Parties of the Obligations or the
legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, except for those orders, consents, adjudications, approvals, licenses, authorizations, validations, filing, recordings, registrations, exemption, or other actions (i)
necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent under Applicable Law and (ii) the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

-70- 

6.4. Financial Statements. The consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (i) as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and the fiscal years then ended and (ii) as of September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024
in each case, heretofore delivered to the Lenders were prepared in accordance with GAAP in effect on the date such statements were prepared and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries at such dates and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of clause (ii), to year-end audit adjustments and absence of
footnotes, and subject, in all cases, to adjustments related to or necessitated by the Spin-Off.

6.5. Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the latest balance sheet included in the financial statements most recently delivered prior to the Closing Date or pursuant to Section 7.1(i), no condition, change, event or
circumstance has occurred or shall exist that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.6. Taxes. Except for violations or failures that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Loan Parties and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries has
timely filed all United States federal Tax returns and all other Tax returns that are required to have been filed and has paid all Taxes (including any Taxes payable in the capacity of a withholding agent) that have been levied on it or its income,
profits or Properties or are otherwise due and payable, except such Taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 

6.7. Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3 there is no litigation, arbitration,
governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or, to the actual knowledge of any of their officers, threatened against any of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries that (a) would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or (b) seeks to prevent, enjoin or delay the making of any Loans except (but only in the case of any litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry described in this clause (b) arising after the
Closing Date) to the extent that the pendency of such litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.8. Subsidiaries. Part 1 of Schedule 4 contains an accurate list of all of the
Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization, the percentage of their respective Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower. All of the issued and outstanding Capital
Stock of such Restricted Subsidiaries have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, except as otherwise
provided by state wage claim laws of general applicability. Part 2 of Schedule 4 contains an accurate list of all of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of organization and the
percentage of their respective Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower. Schedule 5 contains an accurate list of all of the Taxable REIT Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, setting forth their respective jurisdictions of
organization and the percentage of their respective Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower. 

6.9. Accuracy of Information. 

(a) No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information
furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party on or prior to the Closing Date (including all such information contained in the Loan Documents) (other than projected financial information, pro forma financial information and information of a general
economic or industry specific nature) to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (taken as a whole)
(as modified or supplemented 

-71- 

by other information so furnished), when all such reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information is taken as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. With respect to projected financial information and pro
forma financial information, the Borrower represents that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such
financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact, is by its nature inherently uncertain and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ significantly from the
projected results set forth therein by a material amount. 

(b) As of the Closing Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the
information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 

6.10. Regulation U. None of the Loan Parties holds or intends to hold margin stock (as defined
in Regulation U) in amounts such that more than 25% of the value of the assets of any Loan Party are represented by margin stock. 

6.11. Material Agreements. None of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any charter document or any
agreement to which it is a party (other than any agreement relating to Indebtedness), which default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.12. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have complied with all
Applicable Laws applicable to the conduct of their respective businesses or the ownership of their respective Property, except for any failure to comply that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.13. Ownership of Inventory. On the Closing Date, the Borrower and each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries will have good title, free of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, to all of its Inventory, except for Inventory which is no longer used or useful in the conduct of its business and Inventory the absence of which would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.14. ERISA. 

(a) None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an entity deemed to hold plan assets within the meaning of 29
C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA or any plan (within the meaning
of Section 4975 of the Code). 

(b) Except to the extent a violation of the following would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 

(i) No Unfunded Liabilities exist with respect to Single Employer Plans.
Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred, or is reasonably expected to incur, any withdrawal liability to Multiemployer Plans or Multiple Employer Plans. 

(ii) With respect to all Benefit Arrangements, Plans and Multiemployer Plans, the Borrower and each member of the
Controlled Group, as applicable, is in 

-72- 

compliance with all applicable provisions of ERISA and any other Applicable Laws. There has not been any non-exempt Prohibited Transaction or Reportable
Event with respect to any Benefit Arrangement or any Plan or, to the actual knowledge of the Borrower, with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan. The Borrower and all members of the Controlled Group have made any and all
payments required to be made under any agreement relating to a Multiemployer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan or any Applicable Law pertaining thereto. With respect to each Plan, the Borrower and each member of the Controlled Group (i) have
fulfilled their obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA, (ii) have not incurred any liability to the PBGC and (iii) have not had asserted against them any penalty for failure to fulfill the minimum funding requirements of
ERISA. 

(iii) With respect to any Plan, no determination has been made that such Plan is in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code). 

(iv) To the actual knowledge of the Borrower, each Multiemployer Plan and Multiple Employer Plan is able to pay benefits
thereunder when due. 

(v) Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has instituted, or is
reasonably expected to institute, proceedings to terminate any Plan in other than a standard termination (as defined in ERISA Section 4041(b)). Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has incurred, or is
reasonably expected to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan. 

(vi) No event requiring notice to the PBGC under Section 303(k)(4)(A) of ERISA has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to any Plan. 

(vii) Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has
been notified by any Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or has been terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or is in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432
of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA, and, to the actual knowledge of the Borrower, no Multiemployer Plan is or shall be reasonably expected to be insolvent or terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

(viii) To the extent that any Benefit Arrangement is insured, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have paid when due all
premiums required to be paid. To the extent that any Benefit Arrangement is funded other than with insurance, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have made all contributions required to be paid for all prior periods. 

(ix) Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group has withdrawn, or is reasonably expected to withdraw,
from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, nor has a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under
Section 4062(e) of ERISA occurred (nor is reasonably expected to occur). 

(x) Neither the Borrower nor any
member of the Controlled Group has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 

-73- 

6.15. Investment Company Act. None of the Loan
Parties is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

6.16. Insurance. The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries maintains, with
financially sound, responsible, and reputable insurance companies or associations, insurance concerning its properties and businesses against such casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as is customary in the case of
companies engaging in the same or similar businesses and owning similar properties in the localities where such parties operate (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to such self-insurance as is reasonable and customary for
similarly-situated Persons engaging in the same or similar businesses). 

6.17. Affected
Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

6.18. Environmental Matters. Except with respect to any matters that, either individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or except as set forth on Schedule 6: 

(i) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and their respective operations and properties, are in compliance with
all Environmental Laws and have obtained, maintained and are in compliance with all permits, licenses and other approvals as required under any Environmental Law; 

(ii) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not received any written notices or claims alleging, any
Environmental Liability; and 

(iii) To Borrowers actual knowledge, there are no circumstances, conditions or
occurrences relating to any current or formerly owned or operated Property or operations, including the Release or threatened Release of Regulated Substances, that would reasonably be expected to cause the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to incur or be subject to any Environmental Liability. 

6.19. Senior Debt
Status. The Obligations rank (a) at least pari passu in right of payment with all other Senior Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and (b) prior in right of payment to the Subordinated Indebtedness. 

6.20. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, to the actual
knowledge of the Senior Executives of the Borrower, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees (in each case, to the extent associated with or acting on behalf of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries) are in compliance with
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) to the actual knowledge of the Senior Executives of the Borrower, any of their respective directors,
officers, or employees or any agent of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that will act in any capacity in connection with the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. Neither the making of any Loan or issuance of any Letter
of Credit to or for the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party nor the use of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit by the Borrower or any Loan Party will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 

6.21. PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with
(i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling

-74- 

legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (ii) the PATRIOT Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental
official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the
United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

6.22. Security Documents.
The Pledge Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a legal, valid and enforceable first priority security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof
(except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity). In the case of (x) the Pledged Equity (as defined in the Pledge
Agreement) represented by certificates, when such certificates representing such Pledged Equity are delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its designee), (y) any Intercompany Note, when delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its designee) and
(z) any other Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or control upon the taking of possession or control by the Administrative Agent (which possession or control shall be given to the
Administrative Agent to the extent required by the Pledge Agreement), in the case of clauses (x) and (y), accompanied by instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank, and in the case of the other Collateral described in the
Pledge Agreement, when financing statements in appropriate form are duly completed and filed, the security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors created under the Pledge Agreement shall constitute a
fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (other
than with respect to Liens permitted by this Agreement to be equal or superior in right). Except for filings completed prior to the Closing Date and as contemplated by this Agreement and the Pledge Agreement, no filing or other action will be
necessary to perfect or protect such security interest. Each Security Document delivered pursuant hereto will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Loan Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder, and upon the taking of the actions contemplated by such Security Documents will
constitute fully perfected first priority Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens permitted under
this Agreement to be equal or superior in right). 

6.23. REIT Status. As of the Closing
Date, the Borrower is qualified as a REIT (subject to the timely filing of a REIT election) and each of its Subsidiaries is treated as a Taxable REIT Subsidiary (subject to the timely filing of a Taxable REIT Subsidiary election) or a Qualified REIT
Subsidiary. 

ARTICLE VII 

COVENANTS 

Until
the termination of all Commitments under this Agreement and the expiration of all Letters of Credit (or, with respect to the Letters of Credit, such Letters of Credit are Cash Collateralized) unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in
writing, the Borrower will perform and observe, and (as and where applicable) will cause the other Loan Parties and Borrowing Base Parties, as applicable, to perform and observe, the following covenants: 

7.1. Financial Reporting. The Borrower will maintain, for itself and each Subsidiary, a system of
accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, and furnish to the Lenders (or the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders), which may be by electronic transmission: 

-75- 

(i) Audited Financial Statements. Within 90 days after the
close of each of its fiscal years, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year,
prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied and audited and reported upon by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (such report shall not be
subject to any going concern qualification or qualification as to the scope of the audit; provided that filing of such financial statements with the SEC by the Borrower shall constitute delivery to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Quarterly Financial Statements. Within 45 days after the close of the first three quarterly periods of each
fiscal year of the Borrower, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, consolidated unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and a related consolidated statement of earnings and cash flows for the period from the beginning of such
fiscal year to the end of such quarter, certified by the Borrowers chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, controller, or other officer that has similar responsibilities as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to changes resulting from audit, normal year-end adjustments and the absence of
footnotes; provided that filing of such quarterly financial statements with the SEC by the Borrower (including officer certifications required as exhibits to Form 10-Q) shall constitute delivery to the
Administrative Agent. 

(iii) Intercompany Note Events of Default. Promptly following an Authorized Officer
obtaining knowledge of an Event of Default (as such term is defined in the Initial Closing Date Intercompany Note or any analogous term defined in any other Intercompany Note) under an Intercompany Note, notice in writing thereof. 

(iv) Compliance Certificate. Within five (5) days after each of the dates on which financial statements are
required to be delivered under Sections 7.1(i) and (ii), a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit I, signed by the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, controller, or other officer that has similar
responsibilities of the Borrower, showing the calculations necessary to determine compliance with the financial covenants in Section 7.27 of this Agreement and stating that no Default or Event of Default exists, or if any Default or Event of
Default exists, stating the nature and status thereof. 

(v) Annual ERISA Statement. If applicable and
requested by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, within 270 days after the close of each fiscal year, a statement of the Unfunded Liabilities of each Single Employer Plan, certified as correct by an actuary enrolled under ERISA. 

(vi) Reportable Event. As soon as practicable and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party knows that any
Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a statement, signed by the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, controller, or other officer that has similar
responsibilities of the Borrower, describing said Reportable Event and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto (provided, however, that the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent notice of any failure
to meet the minimum funding standards of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, regardless of the issuance of any waivers in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code). 

-76- 

(vii) Environmental Notices. As soon as possible and in any
event within 10 days after a Senior Executive of a Loan Party receives written notice of any condition, event or claim where the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary could reasonably be expected to incur or be subject to any Environmental Liability
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(viii) Borrowing Base Certificate. No
later than contemporaneously with the delivery of the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered with respect to such fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 7.1(iv), a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the last day of such fiscal quarter,
provided that the Borrower, at its option, may also deliver hereunder (x) a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the last day of any fiscal month that is not also the last day of a fiscal quarter and (y) no more than once per fiscal
quarter, a Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate substantially concurrently with the consummation of a Material Debt Incurrence or Material Acquisition; provided, if the Borrower delivers a Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate, then the
Borrower shall be required to deliver an updated Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificate as of the end of the first fiscal month following the Reference Month, as promptly as practicable after financial statements for such fiscal month become
internally available but in any event no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of such fiscal month, the components of which shall be updated as of the end of such most recently ended fiscal month, other than cash, which shall be
adjusted to reflect the net cash proceeds of such Material Debt Incurrence and the use of proceeds thereof. 

(ix) Notice of Litigation. Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations before or by any Official Body or any other Person against any Loan Party which would be required to be reported by the Borrower on Forms 10-Q,10-K or 8-K filed with the SEC; provided that disclosure of such actions, suits, proceedings and investigations in a Form 10-Q,10-K or 8-K filed with the SEC by the Borrower shall constitute delivery to the Administrative Agent. 

(x) Unrestricted Subsidiaries. Together with the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 7.1(i)
and (ii), financial information relating to Unrestricted Subsidiaries to reconcile the calculations showing compliance with Section 7.27 with the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(i) and (ii), in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(xi) Budgets. Together with the delivery of the annual financial
statements pursuant to Section 7.1(i), the Budget for each of the twelve (12) months of the forthcoming fiscal year prepared in detail, setting forth, with appropriate discussion, the principal assumptions upon which such budget is based;
it being acknowledged and agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that (a) such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such
financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount, (b) the financial and business projections furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders are subject to significant uncertainties and
contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (c) no assurances are given by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that the results forecasted in the projections will be realized, and (d) the actual
results may differ from the forecasted results in such projections and such differences may be material. 

(xii) Acceptable Appraisal. Prior to the inclusion of credit for any Mortgage Loan Made in the Borrowing Base, the
Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (which may be shared with any Lender) an Acceptable Appraisal with respect to the property securing such Mortgage Loan Made that is no older than twelve (12) months prior to the date of
delivery. 

-77- 

Thereafter, the Administrative Agent may request an updated Acceptable Appraisal with respect to such property no earlier than twelve (12) months after the date such Mortgage Loan Made was
included in the Borrowing Base. 

(xiii) Other Information. (i) Such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request, including pursuant to any reasonable request by any Lender, (ii) any change in the information provided in the
Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification and (iii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Each notice delivered under clause (iii), (vi), (vii) or (ix) of this Section 7.1 shall contain a heading or a reference line that
reads Notice under clause [(iii)] [(vi)] [(vii)] [(ix)] of Section 7.1 of Credit Agreement for Millrose Properties, Inc. dated [ ]. 

7.2. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower and each other Loan Party will use the proceeds of the
Advances for general business purposes, including working capital, Restricted Payments, acquisitions and investments. The Borrower will not request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries
shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country in violation of applicable Sanctions, or in any manner that would result in
any violation of Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. No Loan Party is engaged or will engage, principally, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), or extending credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of any Advance will be used for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation U. 

7.3. Notice of Default. The Borrower will give prompt notice in writing to the Administrative
Agent of the occurrence of any Event of Default that the Borrower has actual knowledge of and of any other development that the Borrower has actual knowledge of, financial or otherwise, that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Borrower will give notice in writing to the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of any Default within three (3) Business Days after the Borrower has actual knowledge thereof. Each notice delivered under this Section 7.3
shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads Notice under Section 7.3 of Credit Agreement for Millrose Properties, Inc. dated [ ]. 

7.4. Conduct of Business; REIT Status. The Borrower will do (and any other Loan Party or any
Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent that its failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, will do) all things necessary to remain duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and (to the extent such concept
applies to such entity) in good standing as a domestic corporation, partnership, trust or limited liability company in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, and take all reasonable action to maintain all requisite
authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however,
that nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit any mergers, consolidations or dissolutions permitted under Section 7.10. The Borrower shall elect to be treated as, and shall maintain its status as, a REIT in accordance with the Code. 

7.5. Taxes. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries will pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy as the
same shall become due and payable all of their Tax liabilities (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to

-78- 

which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP, and except to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

7.6. Insurance. Each Loan Party and each other Borrowing Base
Party will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all Inventory in such amounts and covering such risks as is customary for companies engaging in the same or similar businesses and owning similar properties in
the localities where the Loan Parties and the Borrowing Base Parties operate, except that to the customary extent such Loan Parties and other Borrowing Base Parties may be self-insured. 

7.7. Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each other Borrowing Base Party will comply with
all Applicable Laws (excluding Environmental Laws, compliance with which is governed by Section 7.24 and Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, compliance with which is governed by the following sentence of this Section 7.7) to which it may
be subject, to the extent that noncompliance would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries will comply in all material respects with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

7.8. Maintenance of Properties. Each Loan Party and each other Borrowing Base Party will
maintain, preserve, protect and keep its Property in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted) in accordance with the general practice of other businesses of similar character and size, except to the
extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

7.9. Lines of Business. Other than any lines of business conducted by Unrestricted Subsidiaries,
the Borrower will not, and will not permit any Guarantor to, engage in any material lines of business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, other than Permitted Businesses. 

7.10. Mergers; Consolidations; Dissolutions.

(a) The Borrower shall not consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
its assets (including by way of liquidation or dissolution), to any Person (in each case other than in a transaction in which the Borrower is the survivor of a consolidation or merger) unless: 

(i) the Person formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Borrower), or to which such sale,
lease, conveyance or other disposition will be made (collectively, the Successor Borrower), is a corporation or other legal entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of
Columbia, and the Successor Borrower assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement, and 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Upon any such consolidation, merger or sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the Successor Borrower will be substituted for the
Borrower under this Agreement. The Successor Borrower may then exercise every power and right of the Borrower under this Agreement, and except in the case of a lease, the Borrower will be released from all of its Obligations. If the Borrower leases
all or substantially all of its assets, the Borrower will not be released from its Obligations. If the Borrower is not the Successor Borrower, such Successor Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) an
assumption of the Borrowers obligations under the Loan Documents, (B) all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your 

-79- 

customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, that has been requested in writing by the Administrative Agent
and (C) such certified resolutions, opinions of counsel and other supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, all of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) No Guarantor will consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of (including by division) all or
substantially all of its assets (including by way of liquidation or dissolution), to any Person (in each case other than in a transaction in which the Borrower or a Guarantor is the survivor of a consolidation or merger, or the transferee in a sale,
lease, conveyance or other disposition) unless: 

(i) the Person formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger
(if other than the Borrower or a Guarantor, as the case may be), or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition will be made (collectively, the Successor Guarantor), is a corporation or other legal entity organized
and existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Guarantor assumes all of the obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement, and 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

provided, that the above requirements of this clause (b) shall not apply to the consolidation or merger of a Guarantor, or the sale, lease,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Guarantor, in each case pursuant to a transaction with or to a Person that is in compliance with Section 7.12, other than a transaction with or to a Person that is a
Restricted Subsidiary and is not a Loan Party. 

Upon any such consolidation, merger, sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the
Successor Guarantor will be substituted for the relevant Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement. The Successor Guarantor may then exercise every power and right of the relevant Guarantor under this Agreement, and except in the
case of a lease, the relevant Guarantor will be released from all of its Obligations. If a Guarantor leases all or substantially all of its assets, such Guarantor will not be released from its Obligations. If a Successor Guarantor was not a
Guarantor immediately prior to such transaction, such Successor Guarantor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) an assumption of the Guarantors obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is party and
(B) such certified resolutions, opinions of counsel and other supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, all of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) No Borrowing Base Party (other than any Loan Party) will consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, lease, convey or otherwise
dispose of (including by division) all or substantially all of its assets (including by way of liquidation or dissolution), to any Person (in each case other than in a transaction in which a Borrowing Base Party is the survivor of a consolidation or
merger, or the transferee in a sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition) unless: 

(i) the Person formed by or
surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than a Borrowing Base Party), or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition will be made (collectively, the Successor Borrowing Base Party), is a corporation or
other legal entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Borrowing Base Party either (Y) assumes all of the obligations of the Borrowing Base Party under
the applicable Intercompany Note or (Z) becomes a Guarantor, and 

-80- 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

provided, that the above requirements of this clause (c) shall not apply to the
consolidation or merger of a Borrowing Base Party, or the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Borrowing Base Party, in each case pursuant to a transaction with or to a Person that is in
compliance with Section 7.12, other than a transaction with or to a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary and is not a Borrowing Base Party. 

7.11. Restricted Payments.

(a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted
Payment, except: 

(i) any Subsidiary may pay dividends or distributions to holders of its outstanding Capital Stock
on a pro rata basis; 

(ii) with respect to any taxable period for which the Borrower qualifies as a REIT, the
Borrower may make distributions in the minimum amount required for it to (x) continue to maintain its status as a REIT and (y) avoid any REIT-level income or excise taxes; 

(iii) the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants,
options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; 

(iv) the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of Capital Stock of the Borrower held by
officers, directors, employees or consultants, or former officers, directors, employees or consultants (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, upon their
bankruptcy or petition for bankruptcy, death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service or any other event set forth pursuant to any equity subscription agreement, stock option agreement, shareholders agreement
or similar agreement or benefit plan of any kind; provided that the aggregate cash consideration paid for all such redemptions shall not exceed $10,000,000 during any calendar year (it being understood, however, that unused amounts permitted
to be paid pursuant to this proviso are available to be carried over to the immediately succeeding calendar year); 

(v) purchases, redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions of Capital Stock occurring or deemed to occur upon or after
the exercise, conversion, exchange or vesting of stock options, warrants, other rights to purchase Capital Stock or other convertible or exchangeable securities if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price thereof or tax
withholding or similar tax obligations with respect thereto or with respect to the vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units or similar equity incentives; 

(vi) with respect to any taxable period for which the Borrower qualifies as a REIT, the Borrower may make purchases,
redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions of Capital Stock of the Borrower to remedy any violation of Article VII of the Borrowers charter; 

(vii) (i) the payment of the KL Management Fee and (ii) the payment of indemnities and reimbursement of reasonable
expenses of Kennedy Lewis or its Affiliates related to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the KL Management Agreement; 

-81- 

(viii) (A) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Borrowing Base
Party may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (B) any Borrowing Base Party that is not a Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any other Borrowing Base Party, and (C) any Guarantor may make
Restricted Payments to any other Loan Party; 

(ix) the declaration of any Restricted Payment if such Restricted
Payment can be made pursuant to this Section 7.11; 

(x) the payment of any dividend or distribution or the
consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 65 days after the date of declaration of the dividend or distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or distribution or
redemption payment would have been permitted under this Section 7.11; 

(xi) dividends payable solely in common
stock of the Person making such dividend; and 

(xii) the Spin-Off.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that (x) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and
(y) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the covenants under Section 7.27 on a pro forma basis after giving effect thereto (as if such Restricted Payment were made on the date of declaration thereof), the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries shall be permitted to declare and make any Restricted Payment. 

7.12. Disposition
of Assets. None of the Loan Parties or any other Borrowing Base Parties will make any Disposition of any assets or Property, except: 

(i) Dispositions for fair value, so long as, on a pro forma basis after giving effect thereto: (x) no Default
shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom and (y) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the covenants under Section 7.27; 

(ii) any sale, transfer or lease of assets or Property pursuant to Program Agreements; 

(iii) any sale, transfer or lease of assets that are no longer necessary or required in the conduct of the business of
the Loan Parties and Borrowing Base Parties (taken as a whole); 

(iv) leases of Property (other than Property that
constitutes Borrowing Base assets) and personal property assets related thereto; 

(v) any sale, transfer or lease of
assets or Property to any other Loan Party or Borrowing Base Party; 

(vi) any sale, transfer or lease of assets or
Property that are being replaced by substitute assets or Property acquired or leased; and 

(vii) Restricted Payments
permitted under Section 7.11. 

7.13. Transactions with Affiliates. Borrower shall not,
nor shall it permit any Guarantor or other Borrowing Base Party to, enter into any transaction (including, the purchase or sale of any Property or the rendering of any service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate (other than the

-82- 

Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or a Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction), in each case with a fair market value in excess of $10,000,000 per
transaction or series of related transactions, except: 

(i) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the
Borrower, such Guarantor or such Borrowing Base Party than the Borrower, such Guarantor or such Borrowing Base Party could reasonably obtain in a comparable arms-length transaction; 

(ii) payments permitted under Section 7.11; 

(iii) Investments pursuant to Section 7.14(xii)(x), Section 7.14(xvi) and Section 7.14 (xvii); 

(iv) compensation arrangements and indemnities in the ordinary course of business with officers, directors and employees
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(v) transactions that have an aggregate fair market value not to exceed
$2,000,000 in any fiscal year with officers, directors and employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary so long as the same are duly authorized pursuant to the charter, articles of incorporation or bylaws (or procedures conducted in accordance
therewith) of such Guarantor, such Borrowing Base Party or the Borrower; 

(vi) payments to and from, and other
transactions with, any Person (other than a Subsidiary) that is an Affiliate solely by reason of the Investment in such Person by the Borrower, a Guarantor or any other Borrowing Base Party; 

(vii) transactions among Borrowing Base Parties; and 

(viii) entry into, and transactions pursuant to, Program Agreements or Spin-Off
Agreements. 

7.14. Investments. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Guarantor or
other Borrowing Base Party to, make or hold any Investment, except:(i) Investments in any Borrowing Base Party; 

(ii) Investments in Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities; 

(iii) receivables owing to any Borrowing Base Party if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business; 

(iv) lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business and other deposits permitted pursuant
to clause (iii) of the definition of Permitted Liens; 

(v) Investments made for consideration
consisting only of Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than any Disqualified Equity Interests of the Borrower); 

(vi) guarantees of performance obligations, and guarantees of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness for
borrowed money, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

-83- 

(vii) (x) Investments outstanding on the Closing Date and described on
Schedule 7 and (y) Investments outstanding on the Closing Date in an aggregate amount under this clause (vii)(y) not to exceed $20,000,000; 

(viii) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(ix) Investments in SPEs as valued at the fair market value of such Investment at the time each such Investment is made;
provided, that (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on a pro forma basis after giving effect thereto or would result therefrom, (b) the Borrower would be in compliance with Section 7.27 after
giving effect to such Investment on a pro forma basis after giving effect thereto as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been or were required to be delivered under either Section 7.1(i) or
Section 7.1(ii), as applicable, and (c) the Borrower would in compliance with Section 2.6(b) on a pro forma basis after giving effect thereto; 

(x) Investments in trade creditors or customers received pursuant to any plan of
re-organization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such trade creditors or customers; 

(xi) Investments received in settlement of debts owing to a Borrowing Base Party; 

(xii) loans and advances to (x) employees, officers, directors and (y) agents, customers or suppliers, not to
exceed $2,000,000 in an aggregate at any time outstanding under this clause (xii); 

(xiii) Investments in negotiable
instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business; 

(xiv) advances made in
connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business; 

(xv) Investments resulting from
Financial Contracts permitted by Section 7.28; 

(xvi) Investments in Persons that are engaged in one or more
Permitted Businesses, in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not in excess of the greater of $600,000,000 and 10% of Tangible Net Worth (determined at the time any such Investment is made); 

(xvii) Investments in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not in excess of the greater of $90,000,000 and 1.5% of
Tangible Net Worth (determined at the time any such Investment is made); and 

(xviii) Investments made or deemed made
pursuant to the entry into, and the performance of, Program Agreements. 

For purposes of compliance with this Section 7.14, the
amount of any Investment at any time shall be the amount actually invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent changes in the value of such Investment, net of all dividends, distributions, return of capital and other
amounts received or realized in respect of such Investment, up to the original amount of such Investment (all such amounts, Returns). In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, if any existing Subsidiary that was not previously a
Guarantor subsequently becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.16, such joinder as a Guarantor shall be deemed to constitute a Return on any Investment in such Subsidiary previously made pursuant to clause (xvii) above. 

-84- 

7.15. Liens. None of the Loan Parties or any
of their Restricted Subsidiaries will create, incur, or suffer to exist any Lien in or on any Property, except Permitted Liens. 

7.16. Additional Guarantors. The Borrower shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is both a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and a Material Subsidiary, but is not a Taxable REIT Subsidiary or an SPE, and is not already a Guarantor (each,
a Subject Subsidiary), (i) to become a Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.16 and (ii) to have the parent of such Subject Subsidiary to pledge the equity interests in such Subject Subsidiary to
the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to secure the Obligations and take all actions required by the Pledge Agreement to perfect such pledge, in each case, no later than the required date of delivery of a Compliance
Certificate in accordance with Section 7.1(iv) for the fiscal quarter during which the Relevant Guarantor Date for such Subject Subsidiary occurs, or by such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion. The
Relevant Guarantor Date for any Subject Subsidiary means the date that is thirty (30) days after the latest of (x) the date it is formed or acquired, (y) the date it becomes a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary and (z) the date
it becomes or is designated as a Material Subsidiary. In addition, the Borrower may designate any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor as a Guarantor at any time in the manner provided below. Any such designation of a Restricted
Subsidiary of the Borrower as a Guarantor shall be effected by the delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of (and, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary required to become a Guarantor, the Borrower shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent) each of the following: 

(i) Notice by the Borrower identifying such Guarantor, the state of its
organization, and the ownership of the Capital Stock in such Guarantor; 

(ii) Either a Guaranty Agreement (if a
Guaranty Agreement is not already in effect) or a Supplemental Guaranty duly executed and delivered by such Guarantor; 

(iii) Copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation, partnership agreement or limited liability company
operating agreement of such Guarantor, as applicable, together with all amendments, and a certificate of good standing, certified by the appropriate governmental officer in such Guarantors jurisdiction of incorporation; 

(iv) Copies, certified by a Senior Executive of such Guarantor, of its by-laws
and of its Board of Directors resolutions and of resolutions or actions of any other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party; 

(v) An incumbency certificate, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Authorized Officers
and any other officers of such Guarantor authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party; 

(vi) Documents with respect to such Guarantor addressing the requirements set forth in clause (xii) of
Section 5.1; and 

(vii) Evidence that the parent of such Subsidiary has pledged the equity interests in such
Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to secure the Obligations and has taken all actions required by the Pledge Agreement to perfect such pledge. 

-85- 

Upon the Administrative Agents receipt of the foregoing, all of which shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in form and substance, such Subsidiary of the Borrower shall be a Guarantor and a Loan Party hereunder. In addition, to the extent such Subsidiarys Capital Stock does not secure all of the
obligations under all of the Intercompany Notes, the Borrower shall cause the Capital Stock of any Taxable REIT Subsidiary and any other Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired or designated as a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date to be
subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Security Documents or, if applicable, joinders thereto, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

7.17. Release of a Guarantor. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if a Change in Status occurs with respect to any Guarantor, then,
effective immediately upon the occurrence of such Change in Status, such Guarantor shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged from the Guaranty Agreement and all other obligations under any of the Loan Documents, and any
Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on the assets of such Guarantor and any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on the Capital Stock of such Guarantor (unless, after giving effect to such Change in Status, such Capital Stock would
otherwise be required to be pledged pursuant to the terms hereof, including to satisfy any requirement in the definition of Borrowing Base) shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, in each case, without any further action
required on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower or any Guarantor. 

(b) In addition, the Borrower may
designate as a Non-Loan Party any Guarantor that is an Immaterial Subsidiary or that is not, or is concurrently ceasing to be, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, in which case such Guarantor shall be released and
discharged from the Guaranty Agreement and all other obligations under any of the Loan Documents, and any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on the assets of such Guarantor and any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on the Capital
Stock of such Guarantor (unless such Capital Stock would otherwise be required to be pledged pursuant to the terms hereof, including to satisfy any requirement in the definition of Borrowing Base) shall be automatically and unconditionally released
and discharged, in each case without any further action required on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower or any Guarantor; provided that (i) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the covenants under
Section 7.14 (with such designation being deemed to constitute an Investment by the Borrower in such Subsidiary at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Borrowers Investment therein as determined in
good faith by the Borrower) and Section 7.27 after giving effect to such designation; (ii) such Subsidiary is not an obligor in respect of any Material Indebtedness of any other Loan Party (unless such Subsidiary is being released as an
obligor thereunder substantially simultaneously with its release as a Guarantor hereunder); (iii) no Default under Section 8.2, 8.5 or 8.6 and no Event of Default shall exist after giving effect to such designation; and (iv) the Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate, signed by the chief financial officer, controller, chief accounting officer, or other officer that has similar responsibilities of the Borrower, stating its election to make such designation
and certifying that the requirements of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) are satisfied. 

(c) The Administrative Agent
is hereby authorized and instructed by the Lenders to execute, file, or deliver such documents reasonably satisfactory to it to evidence or effect the release of any Guarantor (and the release of any Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on the
assets of such Guarantor or the Capital Stock of such Guarantor) pursuant to the above provisions of this Section 7.17 as the Borrower shall reasonably request, and the Administrative Agent agrees to execute, file or deliver any such
documentation as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower upon receipt of such certificates and/or other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request to evidence compliance with the applicable provisions of the Loan
Documents. 

-86- 

7.18. Inspection and Appraisal. At all
reasonable times, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent and subject to Section 10.12, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Borrowing Base Party to, upon reasonable notice, allow Administrative Agent and Lenders and
their authorized agents to inspect any of their properties, to review and make excerpts of reports, files, and other records maintained in the ordinary course of business, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrowing Base
Parties with their respective officers from time to time, during reasonable business hours. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower shall permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their authorized agents to enter upon the Inventory
during normal working hours and as often as they desire, for the purpose of inspecting or appraising the Inventory. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document (including in Section 10.7 below), (i) as long as no Event of Default
exists, the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent for the expenses of any such inspections and appraisal, (ii) the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse any Lender that is not the Administrative Agent for the
expenses of any such inspections or appraisals and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may perform such inspection only once during any calendar year when no Event of Default exists. 

7.19. Negative Pledge Clauses. The Borrower (1) shall not, and shall not permit any other Loan Party
to, enter into any contractual obligation that limits the ability of any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person to secure its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (2) shall
not permit any Borrowing Base Party to, enter into any contractual obligation that limits the ability of any Borrowing Base Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person to secure its obligations under any
Intercompany Note to which it is a party; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the requirement of granting an equal and ratable Lien in favor of the holders of any Indebtedness if Liens are granted to secure the obligations under
the Loan Documents or any Intercompany Note, as applicable; provided, further, that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) customary restrictions contained in the definitive documents for secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to this
Agreement (including Capitalized Leases, Nonrecourse Indebtedness and Permitted Purchase Money Loans) so long as such restrictions apply only to the assets that are collateral for such Indebtedness; (ii) restrictions contained in the agreements
governing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to this Agreement so long as such restrictions are, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, not materially more restrictive taken as a whole than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type and
which would permit Liens securing the obligations under the Loan Documents as in effect at the time such restrictions are entered into (including based on the Aggregate Commitment then applicable hereunder); (iii) restrictions imposed by law or any
Loan Document, (iv) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to a sale of a Subsidiary or of any assets of a Borrowing Base Party, in each case pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to
the Subsidiary or assets that are sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (v) customary provisions in leases, partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar
agreements that restrict the transfer or encumbrance of leasehold interests or ownership interests in such partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or similar Person, (vi) customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting
the assignment thereof, (vii) customary restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or applicable to other deposits constituting Permitted Liens, and (viii) restrictions contained in
the Program Agreements or the Spin-Off Agreements. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Borrowing Base Party to, enter into any intercompany promissory notes evidencing the obligations owed to the Borrower by Millrose Properties Holdings
and the PropertyCo LLCs listed on Schedule I to the Initial Closing Date Intercompany Note other than a Closing Date Intercompany Note, except to the extent such intercompany promissory note is delivered solely to the Administrative Agent,
accompanied by instruments of transfer duly executed in blank. 

-87- 

7.20. Designation of Subsidiaries. 

(a) The Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary by written notice to the Administrative Agent; provided that (i) in the case of any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be in compliance with Section 7.14
after giving effect to such designation, (ii) the Borrower shall be in compliance with Section 7.27 after giving effect to such designation; (iii) in the case of any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary, such Subsidiary is not an obligor under any Material Indebtedness of any other Loan Party (unless such Subsidiary is being released as an obligor thereunder substantially simultaneously with its designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
hereunder); (iv) no Default under Section 8.2, 8.5 or 8.6 and no Event of Default shall exist after giving effect to such designation; and (v) the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate, signed by the chief
financial officer, controller, chief accounting officer or other officer that has similar responsibilities of the Borrower, stating its election to make such designation and certifying that the applicable requirements of the foregoing clauses are
satisfied. 

(b) The designation by the Borrower of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary as provided above shall constitute
an Investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Borrowers Investment therein as determined in good faith by the Borrower and the Investment resulting from such designation
must otherwise be in compliance with Section 7.14 (as determined at the time of such designation). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any
Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time, and the Borrower shall deliver the materials specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 7.16 concurrently with the effectiveness of such designation. Upon designation
of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, any assets held by such Subsidiary at the time of designation will cease to be included in the Borrowing Base. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) (i) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if such Subsidiary owns or
holds exclusive licenses to any intellectual property that is material to the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (Material Intellectual Property), (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries shall dispose of Material Intellectual Property (other than non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses or cross-licenses or other intercompany
disclosures of such intellectual property) to any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including by Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary, by dividend or distribution to an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or by transferring any capital stock of a Subsidiary to an
Unrestricted Subsidiary) and (iii) no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own or hold exclusive licenses or rights to any Material Intellectual Property and (y) no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own or hold any debt or equity of any Loan Party.

7.21. Subsidiary Indebtedness. The Borrower shall not permit any (i) Taxable REIT
Subsidiary or (ii) Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of the type described in any of clauses (a), (b) (other than liabilities, obligations and
indebtedness that constitute Capitalized Leases), or (d) of the definition thereof, or grant a guarantee in respect of any such Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Intercompany Notes) (i) owing to any Borrowing Base Party
or (ii) owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Borrowing Base Party; provided that, in the case of this clause (ii), such Indebtedness is unsecured and incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Nonrecourse Indebtedness; and 

-88- 

(c) Indebtedness in the form of Permitted Purchase Money Loans. 

7.22. Plans and Benefit Arrangements. Except to the extent a violation of the following would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect either individually or in the aggregate with all other violations of the following: 

(i) With respect to all Benefit Arrangements, Plans and Multiemployer Plans, the Borrower and each member of the
Controlled Group shall comply with all applicable provisions of ERISA and any other Applicable Laws. The Borrower shall not permit to occur any non-exempt Prohibited Transaction or Reportable Event with
respect to any Benefit Arrangement or any Plan. The Borrower and all members of the Controlled Group shall make all payments required to be made under any agreement relating to a Multiemployer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan or any Applicable Law
pertaining thereto. With respect to each Plan, the Borrower and each member of the Controlled Group (i) shall fulfill their obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA, (ii) shall not incur any liability to the PBGC (other
than for PBGC premiums in the ordinary course and without default), and (iii) shall not have asserted against them any penalty for failure to fulfill the minimum funding requirements of ERISA. 

(ii) No determination shall be made that any Plan is in at-risk
status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code). 

(iii) Neither the
Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group shall institute proceedings to terminate any Plan in other than a standard termination. 

(iv) The Borrower shall not permit to occur any event requiring notice to the PBGC under Section 303(k)(4)(A) of
ERISA with respect to any Plan. 

(v) The Unfunded Liabilities for all Single Employer Plans shall not exceed
$25,000,000. 

(vi) Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group shall incur any withdrawal liability
under ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan. Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group shall be notified by any Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan has been terminated within the meaning of Title IV
of ERISA or is in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA, and no Multiemployer Plan shall be insolvent or terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of
ERISA. 

(vii) To the extent that any Benefit Arrangement is insured, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall pay when
due all premiums required to be paid. To the extent that any Benefit Arrangement is funded other than with insurance, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall make all contributions required to be paid for all prior periods. 

(viii) Neither the Borrower nor any member of the Controlled Group shall withdraw from a Multiple Employer Plan during a
plan year in which such entity is a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or incur a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA. 

7.23. Lennar Agreements Matters. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to enter into any amendment or otherwise modify a Closing Date Intercompany Note, any Borrower Security Document securing a Closing Date Intercompany Note, or any agreement among the 

-89- 

Borrower or its Affiliates and Lennar and its Affiliates substantially in the forms included as exhibits to the Borrowers Form S-11, in each case in
a manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (it being understood that any amendment or modification to (x) Section 23.4 of the Master Option Agreement, (y) Section 16.2 of the Master Construction Agreement or
(z) Section 3.03 of the Founders Rights Agreement shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders) provided that, nothing contained herein shall restrict Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from
adding additional collateral to any Borrower Mortgage or entering into an additional Borrower Mortgage. 

7.24. Compliance with Environmental Matters. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan
Party to, (i) comply with all Environmental Laws applicable to its operations and Properties, (ii) comply with and obtain and renew all permits, licenses and other approvals required pursuant to Environmental Law for its operations and
Properties, and (iii) comply with all applicable requirements of Environmental Law regarding investigation and clean-up of Releases of Regulated Substances, except, in each case with respect to this
Section 7.24, to the extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

7.25. Further Assurances. Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in the applicable
Security Document, the Borrower will, and will cause each of the Guarantors to (to the extent necessary), from time to time give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, filing, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other
paper that is necessary to cause the Liens created by the Pledge Agreement and the other Security Documents to be valid first priority perfected Liens on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby (including after-acquired Collateral), subject
to no equal or prior Lien except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, and promptly from time to time obtain and maintain in full force and effect. 

7.26. Senior Debt Status. The Obligations will at all times rank (a) at least pari
passu in right of payment with all other Senior Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and (b) prior in right of payment to all Subordinated Indebtedness. 

7.27. Financial Covenants. 

(1) Maximum Leverage Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter to be greater
than 0.50 to 1.00. 

(2) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio. Starting with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2025, the
Borrower will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter to be less than 1.50 to 1.00. 

(3) Minimum Tangible Net Worth. The Borrower will not permit Tangible Net Worth as of the end of any fiscal quarter to be less
than the sum of (a) $4,500,000,000, (b) 50% of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income, if positive, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for each completed fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter immediately after the Borrower
is determined not to be a REIT, and (c) 50% of the aggregate increase in Tangible Net Worth after September 30, 2024 by reason of the issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower, but excluding Capital Stock issued in connection with an employee
stock ownership plan, an employee stock option plan or an employee stock purchase plan. 

7.28. Financial Contracts. No Loan Party will enter into or remain liable upon any Financial
Contract, except for Financial Contracts entered into for the purpose of managing interest rate risks associated with Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and other risks associated with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
and not for speculative purposes. 

-90- 

7.29. Ownership of Subsidiaries. The Borrower
will not permit any PropertyCo LLC to be owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person other than Millrose Properties Holdings or any other direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower. 

7.30. Borrower Mortgages. 

(a) With respect to the Borrower Mortgages and any real property encumbered thereby, the Borrower hereby agrees that it will, and will
cause the PropertyCo LLCs to, provide any information and/or documentation (including, but not limited to, street addresses, legal descriptions, surveys, appraisals, executed borrower notices and evidence of insurance) reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent in order for the Administrative Agent to comply with any flood insurance regulations. 

(b) The Borrower hereby
acknowledges and agrees that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon written notice from the Administrative Agent of the completion of any necessary flood insurance due diligence with respect to a Borrower
Mortgage, all right, title and interest of the Borrower in such Borrower Mortgage shall be automatically collaterally granted, bargained, sold, conveyed, transferred, set over, assigned and delivered to the Administrative Agent. This assignment
shall be effective immediately upon such notice and without possession. 

(c) With respect to any Borrower Mortgage assigned to the
Administrative Agent pursuant Section 7.30(b), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an original executed and unfiled copy of such Borrower Mortgage, in recordable form, together with a complete and accurate legal description
attached thereto, and any other documents necessary to record such Borrower Mortgage in the applicable real estate records. 

(d) The
Borrower shall, at the Borrowers expense, take such further actions and shall execute such other documents (including procuring title searches and executing and delivering assignments of the Borrower Mortgages in recordable form (to the extent
required in any local jurisdiction)) as may be necessary or as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to protect or perfect the liens and security interests created by the Borrower Mortgages, and agrees to pay all search and
examination charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of the Borrower Mortgages and otherwise to effect the transactions contemplated hereby. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the
Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, counsel and other representatives, with respect to any Borrower Mortgage assigned to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 7.30(b), at any time and from time to time thereafter, during the
continuance of an Event of Default, to file or record the Borrower Mortgages in such offices as the Administrative Agent reasonably determines appropriate to perfect the lien and security interest granted under the Borrower Mortgages. 

(e) The Borrower hereby appoints, which appointment is irrevocable and coupled with an interest, and shall automatically terminate on
the Termination Date, the Administrative Agent as the Borrowers attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the Borrower and in the name of the
Borrower or otherwise, to take any action and to execute any instrument, in each case solely after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or advisable to
accomplish the purposes of this Section 7.30. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall not by virtue of the collateral assignment of
any Borrower Mortgage described herein be deemed in any manner to have assumed any obligations with respect to such Borrower Mortgage. The Borrower agrees to indemnify and to hold the Administrative Agent harmless of any and from any and all
liability, loss or damage that the Administrative Agent may 

-91- 

or might incur by reason of any claims or demands against the Administrative Agent arising out of or in any way connected with this assignment, unless the Administrative Agent assumes the
Borrowers obligations under the Borrower Mortgages in writing and except to the extent that loss or damage results from the Administrative Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

(g) The Borrower hereby warrants and represents to the Administrative Agent that: (i) the Borrower has not pledged, assigned or
otherwise encumbered or disposed of the Borrower Mortgages or the Borrowers rights thereunder except pursuant to this Agreement and agrees, unless otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement, not to do so without the Administrative Agents
prior express written consent; (ii) the Borrower Mortgages constitute the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the applicable PropertyCo LLC party thereto; and (iii) to the best of the Borrowers knowledge there exists no
default, nor any act, event and/or condition which with lapse of time and/or notice would constitute a default under the Borrower Mortgages. 

(h) The Borrower covenants and warrants that, with respect to any Borrower Mortgage assigned to the Administrative Agent pursuant
Section 7.30(b), except with the express written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will not (i) change, amend, modify or waive any term or condition of such Borrower Mortgage or (ii) agree to a compromise or any other
modification of the terms of such Borrower Mortgage. 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

8.1. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent
under or in connection with this Agreement, any Loan or any certificate or information delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be false in any material respect on the date as of which made or deemed made and, if
such material falsity is capable of cure, such material falsity is not cured with thirty (30) days after notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower in accordance with Section 14.1 or after the date on which any Senior
Executive obtains knowledge thereof, whichever first occurs. 

8.2. (i) Nonpayment of principal of any Loan when due, or
(ii) failure to Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit when required under this Agreement or nonpayment of interest upon any Loan or of any fee or other Obligations under any of the Loan Documents within five (5) Business Days that the same
is due. 

8.3. The breach by any Loan Party of (i) any covenant contained in Section 7.2, 7.3 (with respect to the
requirement to give notice of a Default or Event of Default), 7.4(ii) (as it relates to the existence of the Borrower), 7.9 through 7.15, 7.19, 7.21, 7.22, 7.23, 7.27, 7.28, or 7.30 or (ii) any of the other terms or provisions of this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents (other than a breach which constitutes an Event of Default under another Section of this Article VIII) and, in the case of breaches described in this clause (ii) only, if such breach is capable of cure, such
breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower in accordance with Section 14.1 or after the date on which any Senior Executive obtains knowledge of the occurrence thereof,
whichever first occurs. 

8.4. (i) (A) Failure of any Loan Party or any other Borrowing Base Party or any Material Subsidiary
(beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any) to pay when due any Indebtedness (other than Nonrecourse Indebtedness; provided, that, to the extent that any Loan Party or 

-92- 

any other Restricted Subsidiary provides a guarantee in respect of, or is otherwise liable for, any Indebtedness that is structured as Nonrecourse Indebtedness (and such guarantee or liability
would not constitute Permitted Recourse), the amount of such Nonrecourse Indebtedness shall be included in this Section 8.4 to the extent (and only to the extent) to which such Indebtedness is recourse to such Person in excess of Permitted
Recourse) aggregating in excess of $75,000,000 principal outstanding (Material Indebtedness); (B) the default by any Loan Party or any other Borrowing Base Party or any Material Subsidiary in the performance (beyond the applicable
grace period with respect thereto, if any) of any term, provision or condition contained in any agreement or agreements under which any such Material Indebtedness was created or is governed, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the
effect of which default or event is to cause, or to permit the holder of holders of such Material Indebtedness to cause, such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or (C) any Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party
or any other Borrowing Base Party or any Material Subsidiary shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a regularly scheduled payment and any prepayment or repurchase upon an asset sale, casualty
or condemnation, receipt of equity or debt proceeds or borrowing base recalculation) prior to the stated maturity thereof; (ii) (A) failure of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if
any) to pay when due any Nonrecourse Indebtedness aggregating in excess of $100,000,000 principal outstanding (Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness); (B) the default by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the performance
(beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any) of any term, provision or condition contained in any agreement or agreements under which any such Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness was created or is governed, or any other event
shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or event is to cause, or to permit the holder of holders of such Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness to cause, such Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated
maturity; or (C) any Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid or repurchased (other than by a regularly scheduled payment and any prepayment
or repurchase upon an asset sale, casualty or condemnation, receipt of equity or debt proceeds or borrowing base recalculation) prior to the stated maturity thereof, or (iii) any Loan Party or any other Borrowing Base Party or any Material
Subsidiary shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, each Intercompany Note shall be deemed to not be Material
Indebtedness or Material Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 

8.5. Any Loan Party or any other Borrowing Base Party shall
(i) have an order for relief entered with respect to it under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the
appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any Substantial Portion of its Property, (iv) institute any proceeding seeking an order for relief under the Federal bankruptcy laws as now or
hereafter in effect or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (v) take any corporate, partnership or limited liability company action to authorize or
effect any of the foregoing actions set forth in this Section 8.5 or (vi) fail to contest in good faith any appointment or proceeding described in Section 8.6. 

8.6. Without the application, approval or consent of a Loan Party or other Borrowing Base Party, as applicable, a receiver, trustee,
examiner, liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for such Loan Party or any Substantial Portion of the Property of the Loan Parties and the other Borrowing Base Parties, or a proceeding described in Section 8.5(iv) shall be
instituted against any Loan Party or any other Borrowing Base Party and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

-93- 

8.7. [Reserved]. 

8.8. The Loan Parties, other Borrowing Base Parties or any Material Subsidiary shall fail within 30 days after the issuance thereof to
bond, pay or otherwise discharge any one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money (other than in respect of Nonrecourse Indebtedness; provided, that, to the extent that any Loan Party or any other Restricted
Subsidiary provides a guarantee in respect of, or is otherwise liable for, any Indebtedness that is structured as Nonrecourse Indebtedness (and such guarantee or liability would not constitute Permitted Recourse), the amount of such Nonrecourse
Indebtedness shall be included in this Section 8.8 to the extent (and only to the extent) to which such Indebtedness is recourse to such Person in excess of Permitted Recourse) in excess of $75,000,000 in the aggregate (to the extent not
covered by insurance provided by an independent solvent third-party insurer who has been notified of such judgment, order or decree and has not denied coverage), which are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good
faith. 

8.9. Except to the extent a violation of the following would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
either individually or in the aggregate with all other violations of the following: (i) the existence of Unfunded Liabilities or any Reportable Event shall occur in connection with any Plan; (ii) a trustee shall be appointed by a United
States District Court to administer any Plan; (iii) any Plan or trust created under any Plan of the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall engage in a non-exempt Prohibited Transaction which
would subject the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group to a tax or penalty on Prohibited Transactions imposed by Section 502 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; (iv) the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall
have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan that it has incurred withdrawal liability to such Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan; (v) any of the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group
shall incur liability to the PBGC in connection with the termination of any Single Employer Plan; or (vi) the Borrower or any member of the Controlled Group shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer
Plan is insolvent or is being terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, if as a result of such insolvency or termination the aggregate annual contributions of the Borrower and the members of the Controlled Group (taken as a whole) to all
Multiemployer Plans which are then insolvent or being terminated have been or will be increased over the amounts contributed to such Multiemployer Plans for the respective plan years of each such Multiemployer Plan immediately preceding the plan
year in which the insolvency or termination occurs. 

8.10. Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary shall (i) be the subject
of any proceeding or investigation pertaining to the Release of any Regulated Substance, or (ii) violate any Environmental Law, which, in the case of an event described in clause (i) or clause (ii) or all such events in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.11. Any Change of Control shall occur. 

8.12. Kennedy Lewis shall cease to be the Investment Manager and the Loan Parties shall fail to appoint within ninety (90) days a
replacement Investment Manager reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders. 

8.13. Any action shall be taken by a Loan Party in
writing to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Guaranty Agreement, or any Guarantor shall deny in writing that it has any further liability under any Guaranty Agreement to which it is a party, or shall give written
notice to such effect (except if such Guarantor is being released from liability thereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Guaranty Agreement). 

-94- 

8.14. Any security interests in the (x) Collateral, with a fair market value in
excess of $75,000,000 in the aggregate shall cease to be an enforceable and perfected, first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in favor of the Administrative Agent other than as a result of the Administrative Agent no longer
having possession of possessory Collateral actually delivered to it or Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements not being filed in a timely manner or (y) Borrowers Collateral with a fair market value in excess of $75,000,000 in the
aggregate shall cease to be an enforceable, first priority security interest in favor of the Borrower. 

8.15. Any Loan Document
shall fail to remain in full force and effect unless released in accordance with the terms hereof other than (i) as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.10 or
Section 7.12), (ii) as a result of the Administrative Agent no longer having possession of possessory Collateral actually delivered to it or Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements not being filed in a timely manner, or
(iii) Repayment in Full. 

ARTICLE IX 

ACCELERATION, WAIVERS, AMENDMENTS AND REMEDIES 

9.1. Remedies.

(1) Acceleration and other Remedies. If any Event of Default described in Section 8.5 or 8.6 occurs and is continuing with
respect to the Borrower, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligations of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit hereunder shall automatically terminate and the Obligations shall immediately
become due and payable without any election or action on the part of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the written
consent of the Required Lenders) may terminate or suspend the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder and the obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit hereunder, or declare the Obligations to be due
and payable, or both, whereupon the Obligations shall become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which the Borrower hereby expressly waives. Without limiting the foregoing, if any Event of
Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the
Loan Documents. 

(2) Application of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.22 and Section 4.10, be
applied by the Administrative Agent as follows: 

(i) first, to payment of that portion of the Obligations
constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 10.7 and amounts pursuant to
Section 11.12 payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such); 

(ii) second, to payment of
that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of drawings under Letters of Credit, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders
and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 10.7) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause (ii) payable to them; 

-95- 

(iii) third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations
constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this
clause (iii) payable to them; 

(iv) fourth, (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations
constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit and (B) to Cash Collateralize that portion of Letter of Credit Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise
cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.22 or Section 4.10, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; provided that
(x) any such amounts applied pursuant to clause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Banks to Cash Collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit and
(y) subject to Section 2.22 or Section 4.10, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur;

(v) fifth, to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and 

(vi) finally, the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or
as otherwise required by law. 

If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully
drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 

9.2. Amendments. 

(a) Subject to Section 3.5, the definition of Interest Period and the provisions of this Article IX, the Required
Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent in writing of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower may enter into agreements for the purpose of adding, waiving or modifying any provisions to the Loan Documents or changing in any manner the
rights of the Lenders or the Borrower hereunder or waiving any Default or Event of Default hereunder; provided, however, that no such agreement or any waiver shall, without the consent of all of the Lenders adversely affected thereby
(or all of the Lenders, in the case of clauses (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii)): 

(i) extend the final maturity of
any Loan or forgive all or any portion of the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate (whether by modification of the Pricing Schedule or otherwise) or extend the time for payment of or forgive interest or fees (provided that the
following shall not be considered as forgiveness of principal, or a reduction or forgiveness of rates, interest or fees or extensions of the dates for payment thereof: waivers of or changes to (x) the obligations to pay interest at the Default
Rate, (y) any Default or Event of Default, and (z) the definition of the term Borrowing Base and its component defined terms); or 

-96- 

(ii) extend the Termination Date applicable to any Commitments or
increase the amount of the Commitment of any Lender (except as agreed to by such Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.18); or 

(iii) permit the Borrower to assign its rights under this Agreement; or 

(iv) reduce, directly or indirectly, the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or
Supermajority Lenders or change any provision that calls for consent, approval or other action by the Required Lenders, Supermajority Lenders, all Lenders or any particular affected Lender in a manner that reduces the applicable
threshold; or 

(v) amend Section 2.4(b) (as it relates to the ratable allocation among the Lenders of any
reduction of the Aggregate Commitment), Section 2.10(b), Section 2.22(a)(ii), Section 9.1.2, this Section 9.2, Section 12.2 or any other provision of any Loan Document pertaining to the ratable sharing or application of
payments or other amounts among Lenders; or 

(vi) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or all or
substantially all of the Guarantors (as measured by value, not number), except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or any other Loan Document in each case as in effect on the Closing Date; or 

(vii) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, (x) the Obligations or (y) the Lien on any of the
Collateral securing the Obligations, or 

(viii) change the definition of Borrowing Base (or any defined terms used
therein) in a manner that makes more credit available, or increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base, without the written consent of the Supermajority Lenders. 

(b) No amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to the Administrative Agent shall be effective without its written consent,
and no amendment of any provision of this Agreement relating to any outstanding Letter of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank shall be effective without its written consent. The Administrative Agent may waive payment of the fee required under
Section 13.2(b)(vii) without obtaining the consent of any other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to amendments under Section 9.2(a)(i) or (ii) requiring the approval of all of the Lenders, if all
Lenders other than one or more Defaulting Lenders approve such amendment, the failure of such Defaulting Lenders to approve such amendment shall not prevent such amendment from becoming effective with respect to such Lenders approving such amendment
(it being understood that such amendment will not be effective with respect to such Defaulting Lenders that do not approve such amendment). 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required
Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional term or revolving credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest
and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loans and Commitments and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders
holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Fee
Letter may be amended or waived pursuant to a written instrument signed by JPMorgan and the Borrower, and the consent of no other Person shall be required. 

-97- 

(e) Without the consent of any Lender or Issuing Bank, the Loan Parties and the
Administrative Agent may (in its sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required or contemplated by any Loan Document) enter into any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or
instrument, to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, to include holders of other pari
passu liens or junior liens (to the extent necessary or advisable under applicable local law) in the benefit of the Security Documents in connection with the incurrence of any pari passu Indebtedness or Indebtedness permitted to be secured on a
junior basis and to give effect to any Intercreditor Agreement associated therewith, or as required by local law to give effect to, or protect, any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in any property or so that the security
interests therein comply with applicable law or this Agreement or in each case to otherwise enhance the rights or benefits of any Lender under any Loan Document. 

9.3. Preservation of Rights. No delay or omission of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent to
exercise any right under the Loan Documents shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of any Event of Default or an acquiescence therein, and the making of a Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit
notwithstanding the existence of an Event of Default or the inability of the Borrower to satisfy the conditions precedent to such Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit shall not constitute any waiver or acquiescence.
Any single or partial exercise of any such right shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, and no waiver, amendment or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Loan Documents
whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing signed by the Lenders required pursuant to Section 9.2, and then only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. All remedies contained in the Loan Documents or by law afforded shall be
cumulative and all shall be available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders until Repayment in Full.

ARTICLE X 

GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.1. Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties of the Borrower contained
in this Agreement shall survive the making of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit herein contemplated. 

10.2. Governmental Regulation. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any limitation or prohibition provided by any
applicable statute or regulation. 

10.3. Headings. Section headings in the Loan Documents
are for convenience of reference only, and shall not govern the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Loan Documents. 

10.4. Entire Agreement. The Loan Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter
thereof. 

10.5. Subordination of Intercompany Debt. Each Loan Party agrees that all
intercompany Indebtedness among Loan Parties and Borrowing Base Parties (other than any Intercompany Note, the Intercompany Debt) shall be subordinated in right of payment, to the prior Repayment in Full. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Loan Parties and Borrowing Base Parties may make and receive payments with respect to the Intercompany Debt to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement; provided, that in the event of and
during the continuation of any Event of Default, after written request by the Administrative Agent (or at the direction of the Required Lenders), 

-98- 

no payment shall be made on behalf of any Loan Party or any Borrowing Base Party on account of any Intercompany Debt. In the event that any Loan Party or any Borrowing Base Party receives any
payment of any Intercompany Debt at a time when such payment is prohibited by this Section 10.5, such payment shall be held by such Loan Party or such Borrowing Base Party, in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith over and
delivered, upon written request, to, the Administrative Agent. 

10.6. Several Obligations
Benefits of This Agreement. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint or joint and several and no Lender shall be the partner or agent of any other (except to the extent to which the Administrative Agent is
authorized to act as such). The failure of any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to confer any right or benefit
upon any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that the parties hereto expressly agree that the Arranger (and, in the case of the provisions of
Section 10.7(b), any other Person indemnified by the Borrower thereunder) shall enjoy the benefits of the provisions of Sections 10.7 and 10.11 to the extent specifically set forth therein and shall have the right to enforce such provisions on
its, his or her own behalf and in its, his or her own name to the same extent as if it, he or she were a party to this Agreement. 

10.7. Expenses; Indemnification; Limitation of Liability.

(a) Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their Affiliates (limited, in the case of legal counsel, to the
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their Affiliates, taken as a whole), in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication, execution, delivery and, subject to
Section 7.18, administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated),
(ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any
Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any
Issuing Bank (limited, in the case of fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, to one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and, as reasonably required, one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction
for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders taken as a whole, and, in the event of any actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel (and local counsel) for each party subject to such conflict as needed to address any such actual
or potential conflict of interest) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the
Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such
Loans or Letters of Credit. 

(b) Indemnification. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender, the Arranger and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each
Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (limited, in the case of legal counsel, to the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, as
reasonably required, one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the Indemnitees taken as a whole, and, in the event of any actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel (and local counsel) for each party subject to such
conflict as needed to address any such actual or potential conflict of interest), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) other than such Indemnitee and its Related

-99- 

Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use
or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such
Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence, Release or threatened Release of Regulated Substances at, on, under or from any Property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any other
Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a
third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related
expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnitee, (y) result
from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such other Loan Party has obtained a final
and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (z) any dispute solely among Indemnitees and not involving the Loan Parties. This
Section 10.6 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to pay any amount required under
paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any Issuing Bank or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally
agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such Issuing Bank or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Ratable Share (determined as of the time that the applicable
unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified Liabilities or related expense,
as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing
acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of
Section 10.5. 

(d) Limitation of Liability, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no party hereto
shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any party hereto or any of its Affiliates, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out
of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit, or the use of the proceeds thereof.
No Lender-Related Person shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in
connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except to the extent that such liabilities are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and
non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Lender or Lender-Related Person. 

(e) Payment. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after demand in writing
therefor. 

-100- 

(f) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 10.7 shall
survive the termination of the Loan Documents and payment of the Obligations hereunder. 

10.8. Numbers of Documents. All statements, notices, closing documents, and requests hereunder
shall (if the Administrative Agent so requests) be furnished to the Administrative Agent with sufficient counterparts so that the Administrative Agent may furnish one to each of the Lenders. 

10.9. [Reserved]. 

10.10. Severability of Provisions. Any provision in any Loan Document that is held to be
inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of
that provision in any other jurisdiction, and to this end the provisions of all Loan Documents are declared to be severable. 

10.11. Nonliability of Lenders. 

(a) The relationship between the Borrower on the one hand and the Lenders, the
Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent on the other hand shall be solely that of borrower and creditor. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender-Related Person shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to the Borrower or any
other Loan Party. Neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender-Related Person undertakes any responsibility to the Borrower or any other Loan Party to review or inform the Borrower or any other Loan Party of any matter in connection
with any phase of the Borrowers or any other Loan Partys business or operations. The Borrower agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender-Related Person shall have liability to the Borrower or any other Loan
Party (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) for losses suffered by the Borrower, the Borrower or any other Loan Party in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to, the transactions contemplated and the relationship
established by the Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, unless it is determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such
losses resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party from which recovery is sought. None of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender-Related Person shall have any liability with respect to, and the
Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue for, any special, indirect or consequential damages suffered by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in connection with, arising out of, or in any way related to the
Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(b) Construction and/or Development. None of Lenders,
Administrative Agent, or Issuing Banks shall be liable to any party for (i) the development of or construction upon any of the Inventory, (ii) the failure to develop or construct or protect improvements on the Inventory, (iii) the
payment of any expense incurred in connection with the development of or construction upon the Inventory, (iv) the performance or nonperformance of any other obligation of any Loan Party, or (v) Lenders or Administrative Agents
exercise of any remedy available to them. In addition, Lenders shall not be liable to Borrower or any third party for the failure of Lenders or their authorized agents to discover or to reject materials or workmanship during the course of
Lenders inspections of the Inventory. 

(c) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Lender Party is advising the Borrower
as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and
appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Lender Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 

-101- 

(d) The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Subsidiaries understanding, that each Lender Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial
services. In the ordinary course of business, any Lender Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and
financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any
Lender Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

(e) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Lender Party and its
affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and
otherwise. No Lender Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Lender
Party of services for other companies, and no Lender Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Lender Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

(f) Other Lenders.
The obligations of each Lender under this Agreement are separate and independent such that no action, inaction, or responsibility of one Lender shall be imputed to the remaining Lenders. Borrower hereby waives any claim or demand against each Lender
as to the action, inaction, or responsibility of another. 

10.12. Confidentiality. Each of
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the
extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (in which case such Person shall promptly notify the Borrower, in advance, to the extent lawfully permitted to do so); (c) to the extent required by Applicable Law
or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case such Person shall promptly notify the Borrower, in advance, to the extent lawfully permitted to do so); (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.12 (or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee or pledgee of or Participant in,
any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its
obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder; (f) with the written consent of the Borrower; (g) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.12; (h) to any state, Federal or
foreign authority or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any
governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, promptly notify the Borrower, in advance, to the extent lawfully permitted to do so); (i) to any rating agency or the CUSIP Bureau when required by it (it being
understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Lender); (j) to insurance brokers or insurance providers (it

-102- 

being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such insurance broker or provider shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by
it from such Lender); or (k) to the extent reasonably necessary in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the
enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder to the extent reasonably necessary in connection with such enforcement. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this
Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan
Documents, the Commitments and the Advances. For the purposes of this Section 10.12, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its or
their business, other than any such information that is publicly available to Administrative Agent or any Lender prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.12, unless, in the
case of information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as not confidential. 

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 10.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any
information within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set
forth in this Section 
10.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority. 

10.13. 
Nonreliance. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board) for the repayment of the Loans provided for herein. 

10.14. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the PATRIOT Act and the Administrative
Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information
includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 

10.15. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected
Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial
Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound
by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such
liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if
applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or 

-103- 

a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit
Support and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with
the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights
in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit
Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater
extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

As used in this Section 10.16, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

i. a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b); 

ii. a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or 

iii. a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

-104- 

Default Righthas the meaning assigned to that
term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

ARTICLE XI 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

11.1. Appointment and Authority. 

(a) Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints JPMorgan to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such
actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as
a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended
to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship
between contracting parties. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the
Administrative Agent is a party, to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 

(b) Each Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated
therewith, and each Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article XI with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by each Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of
Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article XI and in the
definition of Related Parties included each Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to each Issuing Bank. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoint and authorize the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the Issuing Banks for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan
Parties to secure any of the obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and
any co-agents,sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 11.5 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Loan Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative
Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of Articles IX through XVI, as though such co-agents,sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to
ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any
Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Creditor for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 

-105- 

11.2. Rights as a Lender. The Person serving
as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or
Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the
Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

11.3. Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations
except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its obligations hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary
powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of
the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the
Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Laws, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a
forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to
the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided; and 

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall
not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 9.1 and 9.2) or
(ii) in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the
performance or observance of any of the 

-106- 

covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed
pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article V or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required
to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vi) the validity, perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Security Documents, or the value or sufficiency of the Collateral or for any
failure of any Loan Parties or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 

11.4. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other
writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely
upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or
the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or an
Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or an Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal
counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

11.5. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and
exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the
extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of
such sub-agents.

11.6. Resignation of Administrative
Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the
Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (provided no consent of the Borrower shall be required if an
Event of Default or Default under Section 8.2, 8.5 or 8.6 exists), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders)
(the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a 

-107- 

successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on
the Resignation Effective Date. 

(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause
(d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor (provided no consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default or Default under Section 8.2, 8.5 or 8.6 exists). If no such successor shall have been so appointed by
the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in
accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal
Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is
appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by
or to each Lender and Issuing Bank directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative
Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same
as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of
this Article and Section 10.7 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

11.7. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks. 

(a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants
that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or
Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of
the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as
it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Commitments and Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire
and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such
commercial loans or to provide such other 

-108- 

facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking
or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date or an Assignment and Assumption or any other
Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or
satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Closing Date. 

(c) Certain Payments. 

(i) Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the
Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or
otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof),
such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of
any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing
Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in
effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of
set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including, any defense based on discharge for value or
any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank under this Section 11.7(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice)
or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it
otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but
in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day
from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

-109- 

(iii) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event
an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or Issuing
Bank with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party; provided that the immediately preceding clauses
(x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent
from or on behalf of the Borrower or any Loan Party for the purpose of making such erroneous Payment. 

(iv) Each partys
obligations under this Section 11.7(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

11.8. No Other Duties,
Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Arranger shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent,
a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise
of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. Nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall
require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account. 

11.9. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or Letter of Credit Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by
declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the
Loans, Letter of Credit Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent
(including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.4, 4.7 and 10.7) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver,
assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative
Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount 

-110- 

due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections
2.4 and 10.7. 

11.10. Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any Applicable Law, the
Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 3.7, each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, all Taxes and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the
Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from any amount paid to or for the account
of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or
reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), whether or not such Tax was correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the
Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
otherwise against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 11.10. The agreements in this Section 11.10 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the
replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 11.10, include any Issuing
Bank. 

11.11. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have
actual knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (other than an Event of Default under Section 8.2) unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to
this Agreement describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default or that such notice is delivered pursuant to Section 7.3 hereof. In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such
a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. 

11.12. Administrative Agents Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent, for its own account, the fees agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Fee Letter or as otherwise agreed by them from time to time. 

11.13. Delegation to Affiliates. The Borrower and the Lenders agree that the Administrative
Agent may delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates. Any such Affiliate (and such Affiliates directors, officers, agents and employees) which performs duties in connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to
the same benefits of the indemnification, waiver and other protective provisions to which the Administrative Agent is entitled under Articles X and XI. 

11.14. Arrangers Responsibilities and Duties. The Arranger shall not have
any responsibilities hereunder in any capacity or be deemed to have any agency or fiduciary relationship with the Borrower or any Lender. 

11.15. Certain ERISA Matters.

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date 

-111- 

such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party,
that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within
the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this
Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE
84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house
asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in
its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause
(a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and
warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any
Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

11.16. Borrower Communications.

(a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make
any Borrower Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Borrower Portal). 

-112- 

(b) Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with
generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Closing Date, a user ID/password authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of the
Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of
Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 

(c) THE
APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LEAD ARRANGER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY
LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE
BORROWERS TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. 

(d) Each of the
Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by Applicable Law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in
accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

(e) Nothing herein
shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

11.17. Security Documents and Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Lenders and the other Secured Creditors hereby irrevocably authorize and instruct the Administrative Agent, without any further
consent of any Lender or any other Secured Creditor, to release any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document: (i) upon Repayment in Full, (ii) at the time the property subject to such
Lien is disposed or to be disposed to a Person that is an unaffiliated third party as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder for a bona fide business purpose (other than for purposes of effecting a release of such
Lien), (iii) subject to Section 9.2, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iii) to the extent provided in the Security Documents or (iv) if the property subject to such
Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to Section 7.17. 

-113- 

(b) Furthermore, the Lenders and the other Secured Creditors hereby irrevocably
authorize and instruct the Administrative Agent, without any further consent of any Lender or any other Secured Creditor, to enter into (or acknowledge and consent to) or amend, renew, extend, supplement, restate, replace, waive or otherwise modify
any Intercreditor Agreement contemplated hereunder. The Lenders and the other Secured Creditors irrevocably agree that the Administrative Agent may rely exclusively on a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower as to whether any Liens
intended to be subject to such Intercreditor Agreement are not prohibited and are permitted to be incurred at the priority stated in such Intercreditor Agreement. 

(c) Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 12.1 or with respect to a Secured
Creditors right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Creditor shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any guarantee of the Obligations, it being understood and agreed
that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Creditors in accordance with the terms thereof. 

11.18. Credit Bidding. The Secured Creditors hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative
Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or
otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363,
1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the
direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any Applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Creditors shall be entitled to be, and
shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis
that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or
debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (a) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any
successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (b) each of the Secured Creditors ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such
vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (c) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative
Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the
Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving
effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.2 of this Agreement), (d) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Creditors,
ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such
acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Creditor or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (e) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any
reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the 

-114- 

amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned
to the Secured Creditors pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need
for any Secured Creditor or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Creditor are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause
(ii) above, each Secured Creditor shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Creditor (and/or any designee of the Secured Creditor which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition
vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 

ARTICLE XII 

SETOFF;
RATABLE PAYMENTS 

12.1. Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or
special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held, and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party (but in each case excluding tax, payroll, escrow and other accounts held by a Loan Party in a fiduciary capacity) against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter
existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a Lending Installation or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the Lending Installation or
Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the
Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which
it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or
their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the
validity of such setoff and application. 

12.2. Ratable Payments. If any Lender shall, by
exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued
interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at
face value) participations in such Loans, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued
interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them; provided that: 

-115- 

(i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of
the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower
pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or
sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in outstanding Letters of Credit to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). 

The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such
participation. 

ARTICLE XIII 

BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 

13.1. Participations. 

(1) Permitted Participants; Effect. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries or a Sanctioned Person or if such participation would cause a violation of Sanctions or
applicable Laws by any Person (including the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries)) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and
obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.7(b) with respect to any payments made by such Lender to its Participant(s). 

(2) Voting Rights; Participant Register. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender
will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the proviso to Section 9.2 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.7 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.7(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.7(g) shall be delivered solely to the
participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.2(b); provided that such Participant (A) shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.20 as
if it were an assignee under Section 13.2(b); and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.7, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to
receive, except to the extent such greater payment is attributable to a Change in Law after the date the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to
use reasonable efforts to 

-116- 

cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.20(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the
benefits of Section 12.1 as though it were a Lender; provided that (A) such participation was sold with the Borrowers prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (B) such Participant shall be
subject to Section 12.2 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and interest amounts) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register);
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans,
letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

13.2. Assignments. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and
each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in
accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or its foreign equivalent; provided
that no such pledge or assignment under this clause (iii) shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto (and any other attempted assignment or
transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby,
Participants to the extent provided in Section 13.1 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of
this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (or, if an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, subject to clauses (v) and (vi) below, any Person) all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Commitment and the Loans at the
time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts. 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the
Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

-117- 

(B) in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A) of this Section,
the aggregate amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment (which for this purpose includes, without duplication, the Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the
Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the
Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed). 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned. 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by
paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender or an controlled Affiliate of a Lender; provided
that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) shall be required. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee
in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the
Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) or (C)
any Sanctioned Person or if such assignment would cause a violation of Sanctions or applicable Laws by any Person (including the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries). 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person. 

(vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting
Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate
amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the 

-118- 

applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, each
Issuing Bank and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Ratable Share.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of
such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the
extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption,
be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall
continue to be entitled to the benefits of Article III and Section 10.7 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by
the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or
obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 13.1. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any assignment to a Person that is not permitted to be an assignee hereunder. 

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and
interest amounts) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender (solely to the extent related to such Lender) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Resignation as Issuing Bank after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time any
Issuing Bank assigns all of its Commitments and Loans pursuant to Section 13.2, such Person shall be deemed to also resign as Issuing Bank upon the effectiveness of such assignment. Upon such resignation, the resigning Issuing Bank shall retain
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an Issuing Bank hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as Issuing Bank and all Letter of Credit Obligations with respect thereto
(including the right to require the Lenders to make ABR Loans or fund participations in unreimbursed amounts pursuant to Section 4.6(b)). A Person becoming a Lender pursuant to an assignment or a Facility Increase shall become an Issuing Bank
(or shall cause one of its Affiliates to become an Issuing Bank) in accordance with the definition of Issuing Bank by virtue of becoming a Lender. 

-119- 

13.3. Dissemination of Information. The
Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Participant or assignee or any other Person acquiring an interest in the Loan Documents by operation of law (each a Transferee) and any prospective Transferee any and all
information in such Lenders possession concerning the creditworthiness of the Borrower, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided that each Transferee and prospective Transferee agrees in writing to be bound by Section 10.12 of
this Agreement. 

ARTICLE XIV 

NOTICES 

14.1. Notices. 

(a) All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing
(including electronic transmission, facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x) (i) in the case of the Borrower, at c/o Kennedy Lewis Investment Management, 225 Liberty Street, Suite 4210, New York, New York
10281 Attention: Robert Nitkin with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, One Bryant Park, Bank of America Tower, New York, NY 10036, Attention: Dan Fisher, and to Akin Gump Strauss Hauer &
Feld LLP, 2300 N. Field Street, Suite 1800, Dallas, Texas 75201 Attention: Alan Laves (Telephone: 214-969-2897; Email: alaves@akingump.com) and (ii) in the case of
the Administrative Agent, at the address separately provided to the Borrower, (y) in the case of any Lender, at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent or (z) in
the case of any party, at such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.1. Each such
notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by facsimile transmission, when transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section during the applicable recipients normal business hours and confirmation
of receipt is received, (ii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, (iii) if sent to an email address, upon the senders receipt of an
acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function pursuant to which the recipient has expressly acknowledged receipt, return e-mail or other written
acknowledgement), (iv) if posted to an Internet or intranet website, upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient during the recipients normal business hours, at its e-mail address as described in
the foregoing clause (iii), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor or (v) if given by any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section; provided
that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II or an Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent under Article IV shall not be effective until received during its normal business hours. 

(b) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may make such
materials, as well as any other written information, documents, instruments and other material relating to the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any other materials or matters relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby (other than any Borrowing Notice, Application, Rate Option Notice, request for conversion or continuation of any Advances or notices constituting service of process or relating to legal process) (collectively, the
Communications) available to the Lenders by posting such notices on Debtdomain, IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic system (the Platform). The Borrower acknowledges that (i) the
distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution, (ii) the Platform is provided as is and as available
and (iii) no Agent Party (as defined 

-120- 

below) warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Communications or the Platform.
No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other
code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or
representatives (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including, direct or indirect, special, indirect or consequential damages,
losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Communications through the internet, except to the extent the liability of any Agent Party is found in
a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent Partys bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

(c) The Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next
sentence) (a Notice) specifying that any Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of such information, documents or other materials to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement;
provided that, if requested by any Lender, the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of the Communications to such Lender by e-mail or facsimile. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the
Administrative Agent in writing of such Lenders e-mail address(es) to which a Notice may be sent by electronic transmission (including by electronic communication) on or before the date such Lender
becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record an effective e-mail address for such Lender) and (ii) that any Notice may be sent
to such e-mail address(es) as such Lender shall instruct. The Administrative Agent agrees that it will, upon any Lenders reasonable request, furnish materials posted on the Platform to such Lender in
hard copy to such Lenders address set forth on the signature pages hereof. 

(d) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of
the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

14.2. Change of Address. The Borrower may change the address for service of notice upon it by a
notice in writing to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any Lender may each change the address for service of notice upon it by a notice in writing to the other parties hereto.

ARTICLE XV 

COUNTERPARTS

15.1. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. 

(a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by
different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Except as provided in Section 5.1 hereof, this Agreement shall become
effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

-121- 

(b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this
Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Assignment and Assumption and any notice delivered pursuant to
Section 14.1), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an
Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other
Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any
Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided
that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the
foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any
Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including, in connection with any workout,
restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces
an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed
created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and
enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper
original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities
arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

ARTICLE XVI 

CHOICE
OF LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

16.1. GOVERNING LAW. THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS
TO ANY 

-122- 

OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

16.2. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLE AND
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK, OR
ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND OF THE
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLE AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN
RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN
ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT
THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY ISSUING BANK MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF
ANY JURISDICTION. 

16.3. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

16.4. WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN
PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 16.2. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF ANY INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN
ANY SUCH COURT. 

-123- 

16.5. SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO
IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 14.1 NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

[Remainder of page is intentionally left blank] 

-124- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written. 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., as Borrower

By: 

/s/ Robert Nitkin

Name: 

Robert Nitkin

Title: 

Chief Operating Officer

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as
Administrative Agent, Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Jordan Santora

Name: Jordan Santora

Title: Vice President

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Michael Vondriska 

Name: Michael Vondriska 

Title: Vice President 

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as Lender
and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Jonathan Dworkin

Name: Jonathan Dworkin

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Bret Sumner

Name: Bret Sumner

Title: Executive Director

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Lender
and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Roger C. Davis

Name: Roger C. Davis

Title: Senior Vice President

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as
Lender

By: 

/s/ Donna DeMagistris

Name: Donna DeMagistris

Title: Managing Director

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,

as
Lender

By: 

/s/ Carmen Malizia

Name: Carmen Malizia

Title: Vice President

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

THIRD COAST BANK, a Texas state bank

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Tiffany Weber

Name: Tiffany Weber

Title: Bank Officer

[Millrose Properties, Inc. Credit Agreement] 

PRICING SCHEDULE 

Level I Level II Level III

Leverage Ratio 0.30x > 0.30x and

0.40x > 0.40x

Applicable Margin for Adjusted Term SOFR Loans 2.00% 2.25% 2.50%

Applicable Margin for ABR Loans 1.00% 1.25% 1.50%

Applicable Fee Rate 0.275% 0.325% 0.375%

For the purposes of this Pricing Schedule, the following terms have the following meanings, subject to the final paragraph of
this Pricing Schedule: 

Level means the level (whether I, II or III) in the foregoing table that
corresponds to an applicable item in any other column in the foregoing table. For purposes of comparing Levels, Level I is referred to as the lowest Level and Level III as the highest Level. 

Pricing Level means, with respect to the Applicable Rate, at any date, the Level in the foregoing table that
corresponds to the current Level of the Leverage Ratio. 

The Applicable Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table
based on the then current Pricing Level; provided that prior to the delivery of the first Compliance Certificate after the Closing Date under Section 7.1(iv) of the Credit Agreement, the Pricing Level will be set at Level I. Adjustments,
if any, in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall be effective three Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received a Compliance Certificate. If the Borrower fails to deliver a Compliance Certificate to
the Administrative Agent at the time required pursuant to Section 7.1(iv), then, from and after the date on which it was required to be delivered until one (1) Business Day after such Compliance Certificate is so delivered, the Applicable
Rate shall be at the highest Pricing Level set forth in the foregoing table.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>d760441dex1010.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.10
<TEXT>
EX-10.10

EXHIBIT 10.10 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Date: February 6, 2025 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (TRSCo), and
each of the entities identified on Schedule I (collectively, the Property LLCs, and together with TRSCo, jointly and severally, the Borrower) by this Promissory Note (this Note) hereby
unconditionally and jointly and severally promise to pay to MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Lender), the principal sum of Four Billion Seven Hundred Seventy-Three Million Seven Hundred Ninety-Six Thousand,
Seventy-Seven United States Dollars (U.S.$4,773,796,077), together with any additional amounts advanced by Lender in accordance herewith (collectively, as the same may be reduced by any repayment of the principal balance made by Borrower in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Principal Balance), and on each Payment Date, interest on the Principal Balance for the entire applicable Interest Accrual Period at the rate per annum as set forth for its respective advance
on Schedule II (the Interest Rate), compounded quarterly until paid (the Loan). 

1. 

Interest Payments 

When used in this Note, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings: 

Interest Accrual Period means each period from and including the first day of a calendar month through and
including the last day of such calendar month (or the Maturity Date, if applicable), provided that (i) the initial Interest Accrual Period shall be the period beginning the date hereof and ending on the last date of the applicable calendar
month and (ii) this definition (and related definitions and terms of this Note) shall be applied separately within an Interest Accrual Period to take into account increases or decreases in the Principal Balance during the applicable Interest
Accrual Period. 

Payment Date means, with respect to each Interest Accrual Period, the first day of the
calendar month following the month in which such Interest Accrual Period ends. 

During a Pause Period, as defined in that
certain Master Option Agreement, by and between Lender, Borrower, and each of U.S. Home LLC, (U.S. Home), Lennar Home Holdings, LLC (Lennar Home) and CalAtlantic Group, LLC (CalAtlantic, and together
with U.S. Home and Lennar Home, collectively, Builder), each a Delaware limited liability company, dated February 7, 2025 (the Option Agreement), the Borrower may elect for a portion of the interest payable under
this Note to accrue and be added to the Principal Balance of this Note on the applicable Payment Date instead of being paid in cash to Lender (the PIK Interest). The amount of interest that the Borrower may elect to become PIK
Interest shall be no greater than the amount by which the Monthly Option Payment (as defined in the Option Agreement) is reduced because it is calculated based on the Pause Rate as opposed to the Applicable Rate (as each are defined in that certain
Master Program Agreement between Lender and Builder dated February 7, 2025) during the Pause Period. After such an election, interest shall accrue on the aggregate Principal Balance (including the PIK Interest) at the Interest Rate. The Borrower
shall continue the pay the remainder of the interest for each Interest Accrual Period in cash. 

2. 

Additional Advances 

Lender may, from time to time and in its sole and absolute discretion, advance additional sums to Borrower (each, an
Additional Advance); the Principal Balance shall be increased by the amount of any such advance and shall be recorded on the grid or grids attached hereto as Schedule II. For each Additional Advance, Borrower and Lender
shall negotiate in good faith to determine the Interest Rate applicable to such Additional Advance, and the agreed upon Interest 

1 

Rate for such Additional Advance shall be set forth on Schedule II next to the principal amount of such Additional Advance. In connection with each Additional Advance, Lender will have the right
to make conforming changes to this Note. 

3. 

Maturity Date 

The Principal Balance and all accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid in full on the last day of the calendar month that
contains the five year anniversary of the date hereof (the Maturity Date); provided, that the Maturity Date shall automatically be extended by one year on the Maturity Date (such extended maturity date is also a Maturity
Date), and shall automatically be extended by one year on each subsequent Maturity Date unless either Borrower or Lender has provided written notice at least 180 days prior to the then-applicable Maturity Date that such Maturity Date shall
not be extended. 

4. 

Payments 

The Borrower shall have the right to prepay the Principal Balance and all accrued but unpaid interest, in full or in part, at
any time and from time to time, without any premium or penalty of any kind.All payments on this Note shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, deduction, withholding on account of taxes levied or
imposed under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is organized, or restrictions or conditions of whatever nature, except as required by applicable law (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts withheld and paid over to the
appropriate person as required by applicable law shall be treated as paid to Lender). 

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Note, on each Payment Date commencing with the first Payment Date following the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of this Note, if the aggregate amount that would be includible in the gross income of the Lender with respect to
this Note for periods ending on or before such Payment Date (within the meaning of Section 163(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) (the Aggregate Accrual) would otherwise exceed
the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of interest to be paid (within the meaning of Section 163(i) of the Code) under this Note on or before such Payment Date, and (ii) the product of (A) the issue price (as defined in Sections
1273(b) and 1274(a) of the Code) of this Note and (B) the yield to maturity (interpreted in accordance with Section 163(i) of the Code) of this Note (such sum, the Maximum Accrual), then the Borrower shall prepay to the
Lender in cash on such Payment Date a portion of the outstanding Principal Balance of this Note in an amount equal to the excess of the Aggregate Accrual over the Maximum Accrual, and the amount of each such payment on this Note shall be treated for
federal income tax purposes as an amount of interest to be paid (within the meaning of Section 163(i)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) under this Note. This provision is intended to prevent this Note from being classified as an applicable high yield
discount obligation, as defined in Section 163(i) of the Code, and shall be interpreted consistently with such intention. 

5. 

Events of Default 

Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: 

(a) any Borrower files a voluntary petition, or consents to or fails to vacate within thirty days an involuntary petition,
under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law; 

2 

(b) an order, judgment, or decree is entered adjudicating Borrower bankrupt,
insolvent or similar status or a petition seeking reorganization or appointing a receiver, trustee, judicial manager, or liquidator of all or a substantial part of Borrowers assets is approved; 

(c) a violation of any of the covenants set forth in the paragraph immediately below that remain uncured by a partial
repayment of the Principal Balance for an amount of time equal to the earlier of (x) thirty days following written notice from Lender and (y) one day prior to the end of the then-current calendar quarter; 

(d) Borrower fails to make any required payment within thirty days after such payment is due and payable; or 

(e) TRSCo makes a distribution in respect of its equity interests, if after giving effect to such distribution, TRSCo has a loan-to-value ratio of greater than eighty-six percent (86%) and TRSCo does not recall such distribution or otherwise decrease the loan-to-value ratio to eighty-six percent (86%) or less within thirty days. 

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth under clause (a), (b), (c), or (e) of this paragraph, the Principal Balance, as well
as any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall automatically mature and be due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, diligence, protest, notice of acceleration, or other notice of any kind, all of which Borrower hereby expressly
waives.Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth under clause (d) of this paragraph, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand interest on such unpaid amount (to the extent permitted by applicable law) for the period
from the date such amount was due until such amount shall have been paid in full at the Interest Rate plus four percent (4.0%) per annum, compounded quarterly until paid. These remedies are not intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy
available hereunder or at law or in equity. 

Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this definition, the fact that a Borrower becomes
described in clause (a) and/or clause (b) shall not give rise to an Event of Default unless, on any date of determination, the gross asset value represented by all such Borrowers (including any Borrower that has, since the date of this
Note, been described in clause (a) or (b)) exceeds five percent (5%) of the total gross asset value of all Borrowers on such date. The value of the assets of any Borrower whose actions or status would, but for this paragraph, cause an Event of
Default shall not be included (i) in determining the loan-to-value ratio for purposes of clause (e) of this definition and, (ii) to the extent determined
by Lender in its sole discretion, the Real Property ratios described in the next paragraph. 

6. 

REIT Covenants 

The Borrower covenants that at loan inception and anytime thereafter when any non-real
estate or non-cash is acquired: (a) the value of the real property (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.856-3(d) (the Real Property))
owned by the Property LLCs shall be at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the value of all of the assets of Borrower; (b) the value of the Real Property owned by the Property LLCs shall equal or exceed the amount due under this Note , (c) TRSCo
shall at all times own all of the membership interests in the Property LLCs, which are and will continue to be disregarded as separate from TRSCo for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (d) TRSCo shall not own any Real Property directly (and
shall own all Real Property indirectly through the Property LLCs). For purposes of this paragraph, the value of the Real Property shall be reduced by any liens encumbering the Real Property, other than the liens securing this Note, as well as by the
amount of any other liabilities of the Property LLCs, that are, in each case, senior 

3 

to the Note and any instrument securing this note and creating a security interest against the Real Property. The covenants set forth in clauses (a)-(d) above are intended to cause the Note to be
treated as a real estate asset under Section 856(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Treas. Reg. 1.856-5, and IRS Revenue Procedure
2003-65 and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

7. 

Register 

The Lender, as agent of Borrower, will maintain, at its principal place of business, a register to reflect ownership and
amounts due and owing under this Note (the Register). The Register will initially reflect the Lender and the initial Principal Balance. The Lender will update the Register to reflect any assignments or transfers subsequent to the
date hereof, the accrual of any interest on this Note (together with any compounding thereof), any payments of accrued interest on this Note, any Additional Advances and any prepayments of the principal amount of this Note, in each case as
appropriate from time to time, and, in the absence of manifest error, any such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded. The Lender will make payments of principal and interest as specified
hereunder to the current Lender or Lenders named as such in the Register. 

8. 

Representations and Warranties 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender as of the date hereof that: 

(a) Each Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state in which was organized
and has full power and authority to own its property and to carry on its business as presently conducted and proposed to be conducted. Each Borrower is duly qualified to do business, is in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses,
permits, charters, registrations and approvals necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted and proposed to be conducted and the performance of its obligations under this Note. 

(b) Each Borrower has full power and authority to enter into this Note, to execute and deliver this Note and to incur the
obligations provided for herein, all of which have been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action. No consent or approval of the shareholders of the Borrower is required as a condition to the validity or performance of this Note. 

(c) All authorizations, consents, approvals, registrations, exemptions and licenses with or from governmental authorities
which are necessary for the borrowing hereunder, the execution and delivery of this Note, and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder have been effected or obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(d) This Note constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with its terms. 

(e) There is no statute, regulation, rule, order or judgment, charter, by-law or preference stock provision of the Borrower, and no provision of any mortgage, indenture, contract or agreement binding on the Borrower or affecting its property, which would prohibit, conflict with or in
any way prevent the execution, delivery, or carrying out of the terms of this Note in any material respect. 

4 

(f) There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best of
the Borrowers knowledge, threatened before any court or arbitrator or before or by any governmental authority which, in any one case or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the interests of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries,
would have a material adverse effect on the business, properties, financial condition or operations, present or prospective, of the Borrower. 

(g) The Borrower is solvent and no Borrower intends to incur, or believe that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to pay
such debts as they mature. No Borrower is contemplating the commencement of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or consolidation proceedings or the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee or similar official in respect of the
Borrower or any of its assets. 

(h) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the Note by any Borrower:
(i) conflicts with, breaches or violates any provision of the certificate of incorporation or operating agreement of the Borrower or any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award currently in
effect having applicability to the Borrower or its properties; or (ii) constitutes a material default by the Borrower under any loan or repurchase agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement or instrument of indebtedness to which the
Borrower is a party or by which it or any of its properties is or may be bound or affected. 

9. 

Miscellaneous 

The Borrower hereby waives demand, diligence, presentment, protest and notice of every kind, and warrants to the holder that
all action and approvals required for the execution and delivery hereof as a legal, valid and binding obligation of the undersigned, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof, have been duly taken and obtained. 

This Note may be pledged or assigned by the Lender. Borrower and Lender each consent and submit to the jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts located in the State of New York. 

This Note shall be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal
(and applicable state and local) income tax purposes. 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY RULE OF LAW THAT WOULD MAKE THE LAWS OF ANOTHER STATE APPLICABLE TO THE INTERPRETATION OF THIS NOTE. 

[No further text. Signature pages follow.] 

5 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC

Millrose Properties California LLC

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC

Millrose Properties New York, LLC

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC

By: MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, as sole Member

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

[Signature Page to Promissory Note] 

SCHEDULE I 

PROPERTY LLCS 

1. 

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC 

2. 

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

3. 

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC 

4. 

Millrose Properties California LLC 

5. 

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC 

6. 

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC 

7. 

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC 

8. 

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC 

9. 

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC 

10. 

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

11. 

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC 

12. 

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC 

13. 

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC 

14. 

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

15. 

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC 

16. 

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

17. 

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC 

18. 

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC 

19. 

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

20. 

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC 

21. 

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

22. 

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC 

23. 

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC 

24. 

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

25. 

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC 

26. 

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC 

27. 

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC 

28. 

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC 

29. 

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC 

30. 

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC 

31. 

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC 

[No further text.] 

SCHEDULE II 

THE GRID 

Date of

Advance Amount of

Advance Interest

Rate Date of

Repayment Amount

Repaid Principal Amount

Outstanding

February 6, 2025 $4,773,796,077 7.5% $4,773,796,077

_________, ____ $___________ ___% _________, ____ $___________ $___________

_________, ____ $___________ ___% _________, ____ $___________ $___________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>d760441dex1011.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.11
<TEXT>
EX-10.11

EXHIBIT 10.11 

MORTGAGE1

This Mortgage (as amended from time to time, this Mortgage) is made and executed as of February 6, 2025, by
[Property LLC], a [] limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and permitted assigns, Mortgagor), whose address for all purposes hereunder is [________], for the benefit of MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.,
a Maryland corporation (together with its respective successors and assigns, Mortgagee), whose address for all purposes hereunder is c/o Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC 225 Liberty Street, Suite 4210, New York, NY
10281. 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1. Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Borrower: Collectively, MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and each of
the entities identified on Schedule I (collectively, the Property LLCs). 

Closing: The meaning ascribed to such term in the Option Agreement. 

Event of Default: If any event occurs that is explicitly identified as an Event of Default
under any provision contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents. 

Indebtedness: The sum of
all principal, interest and other amounts due from Borrower under, or secured by, the Loan Documents. 

Loan
Documents: (1) That certain promissory note dated as of the date hereof, executed by Borrower, in the initial principal amount of $4,773,796,077, as increased by any additional amounts advanced in accordance with the terms thereof or
reduced by any repayment of the principal balance made by Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof(as the same may be amended, restated, componentized, supplemented, modified, assigned in whole or in part, replaced and/or divided into
multiple notes from time to time, the Note), (2) this Mortgage and the other mortgages executed by the Property LLCs in favor of Mortgagee, (3) that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
made TRSCo in favor of Mortgagee, (4) all other documents now or hereafter executed by Mortgagor or any other person or entity to evidence or secure the payment of the Indebtedness, and (5) all modifications, restatements, extensions,
renewals and replacements of the foregoing. 

Obligations: All of the agreements, covenants, conditions,
warranties, representations and other obligations (other than to repay the Indebtedness) made or undertaken by Borrower under the Loan Documents. 

Option Agreement: That certain Master Option Agreement together with any Addenda thereto, by and among U.S.
HOME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 

1 

NTD: This is a mortgage form, to be broken out into 26 state-specific mortgages, each of which will conform
to state requirements for recording, enforceability, securing revolvers, etc. 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Property LLCs, dated as of February 7, 2025, (together with all
modifications, restatements, extensions, renewals and replacements of the foregoing to the extent any changes pursuant to such modifications, restatements, extensions, renewals, and replacements are (i) entered into in the ordinary course of
the land banking business, including but not limited to amending the Takedown Schedule and Budget (as each is defined in the Option Agreement) that are not materially adverse to Mortgagee or (ii) approved in writing by Mortgagee). 

Permitted Encumbrances: All of the (i) the liens and security interests created by this Mortgage,
(ii) all liens, encumbrances and other matters disclosed in title to the Property as of the date of this Mortgage, (iii) the liens, if any, for taxes or other charges imposed by any governmental authority which are not yet due,
(iv) such other title and survey exceptions as Mortgagee has approved or may approve in writing in Mortgagees reasonable discretion, and (v) the Option Agreement. 

Property: All of Mortgagors right, title and interest in and to (whether now owned or hereafter
acquired) the real property described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof, together with any greater estate therein as hereafter may be acquired by Mortgagor. 

Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note.

ARTICLE 2 

HABENDUM 

Section 2.1. Grant. To secure the full and timely payment of the Indebtedness and the full and timely performance
of the Obligations, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Mortgagor HAS MORTGAGED, GIVEN, GRANTED, BARGAINED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, WARRANTED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED and CONVEYED, and does
hereby MORTGAGE, GIVE, GRANT, BARGAIN, SELL, TRANSFER, WARRANT, PLEDGE, ASSIGN and CONVEY to Mortgagee, its heirs, successors and assigns, with power of trust, the Property, TO HAVE AND TO HOLD all of the Property unto and, for the use and benefit
of Mortgagee, its heirs, successors and assigns in fee simple forever, and Mortgagor does hereby bind itself, its heirs, successors and assigns to WARRANT AND FOREVER DEFEND (i) the title to the Property unto Mortgagee and its heirs, successors
and assigns, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances and (ii) the validity and priority of the Liens of this Mortgage, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, in each case against the claims of all Persons whomsoever.

ARTICLE 3 

DEFAULT
AND FORECLOSURE 

Section 3.1. Remedies. If an Event of Default is continuing, Mortgagee may, at
Mortgagees election, take such action permitted at law or in equity, without notice or demand 

2 

(except as explicitly provided in the Lon Documents), as it deems advisable to protect and enforce its rights against Mortgagor and to the Property, including but not limited to, any or all of
the following rights, remedies and recourses each of which may be pursued concurrently or otherwise, at such time and in such order as Mortgagee may determine, in its sole discretion, without impairing or otherwise affecting the other rights and
remedies of Mortgagee: 

(a) Acceleration. Declare the Indebtedness to be immediately due and payable, without
further notice, presentment, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration, demand or action of any nature whatsoever (each of which hereby is expressly waived by Mortgagor (except as provided in the Loan Documents), whereupon the
same shall become immediately due and payable. 

(b) Entry on Property. Enter the Property and take exclusive
possession thereof and of all books, records and accounts relating thereto. If Mortgagor remains in possession of the Property after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and without Mortgagees prior written consent,
Mortgagee may invoke any legal remedies to dispossess Mortgagor. 

(c) Operation of Property. Whether or not a
receiver has been appointed pursuant to Section 3.1(e) hereof, hold, lease, develop, manage, operate, control and otherwise use the Property upon such terms and conditions as Mortgagee may deem reasonable under the
circumstances (making such repairs, alterations, additions and improvements and taking other actions, from time to time, as Mortgagee deems reasonably necessary or desirable), exercise all rights and powers of Mortgagor with respect to the Property,
whether in the name of Mortgagor or otherwise, including the right to make, cancel, enforce or modify leases, obtain and evict tenants, and demand, sue for, collect and receive all Rents, and apply all Rents and other amounts collected by Mortgagee
in connection therewith in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.7 hereof. 

(d)
Foreclosure and Sale. Institute proceedings for the complete foreclosure of this Mortgage, either by judicial action or by exercise of the STATUTORY POWER OF SALE or otherwise, in which case the Property may be sold for cash or credit in one
or more parcels or in several interests or portions and in any order or manner in accordance with applicable law governing foreclosures. At any such sale by virtue of any judicial proceedings or any other legal right, remedy or recourse including
power of sale, the title to and right of possession of any such property shall pass to the purchaser thereof, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, Mortgagor shall be completely and irrevocably divested of all of its right, title, interest,
claim and demand whatsoever, either at law or in equity, in and to the property sold and such sale shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity against Mortgagor, and against all other persons claiming or to claim the property sold or any part
thereof, by, through or under Mortgagor. Mortgagee may be a purchaser at such sale and if Mortgagee is the highest bidder, may credit the portion of the purchase price that would be distributed to Mortgagee against the Indebtedness in lieu of paying
cash. 

(e) Receiver. Prior to, concurrently with, or subsequent to the institution of foreclosure proceedings, make
application to a court of competent jurisdiction for, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) obtain from such court as a matter of strict right and without notice to Mortgagor or anyone claiming under Mortgagor or regard to the value of the
Property or the solvency or insolvency of Mortgagor or the adequacy of any collateral for the repayment of 

3 

the Indebtedness or the interest of Mortgagor therein, the appointment of a receiver or receivers of the Property, and Mortgagor irrevocably consents to such appointment. Any such receiver or
receivers shall have all the usual powers and duties of receivers in similar cases, including the full power to rent, maintain and otherwise operate the Property upon such terms as may be approved by the court, and shall apply such Rents in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.7 hereof. 

(f) Other. Exercise all other
rights, remedies and recourses granted under the Loan Documents or otherwise available at law or in equity (including an action for specific performance of any covenant contained in the Loan Documents, or a judgment on the Notes either before,
during or after any proceeding to enforce this Mortgage). 

Section 3.2. Separate Sales. In connection with the
exercise by Mortgagee of its rights and remedies hereunder, the Property may be sold in one or more parcels and in such manner and order as Mortgagee in its sole discretion, may elect, subject to applicable law; the right of sale arising out of any
Event of Default shall not be exhausted by any one or more sales. 

Section 3.3. Remedies Cumulative, Concurrent
and Nonexclusive. Mortgagee shall have all rights, remedies and recourses granted in the Loan Documents and available at law or equity, which rights (a) shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to every other remedy so
provided or permitted, (b) may be pursued separately, successively or concurrently against Mortgagor, or against the Property, or against any one or more of them, at the sole discretion of Mortgagee, (c) may be exercised as often as
occasion therefor shall arise, and the exercise or failure to exercise any of them shall not be construed as a waiver or release thereof or of any other right, remedy or recourse, and (d) are intended to be, and shall be, nonexclusive. No
action by Mortgagee in the enforcement of any rights, remedies or recourses under the Loan Documents or otherwise at law or equity shall be deemed to cure any Event of Default. 

Section 3.4. Release of and Resort to Collateral. Mortgagee may release, regardless of consideration and without
the necessity for any notice to or consent by the holder of any subordinate lien on the Property, any part of the Property without, as to the remainder, in any way impairing, affecting, subordinating or releasing the lien or security interests
created in or evidenced by the Loan Documents or their stature as a first and prior lien and security interest in and to the Property. For payment of the Indebtedness, Mortgagee may resort to any other security in such order and manner as Mortgagee
may elect. 

Section 3.5. Waiver of Redemption, Notice and Marshaling of Assets. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, Mortgagor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives (a) any and all rights of redemption, (b) all benefit that might accrue to Mortgagor by virtue of any present or future statute of limitations or moratorium
law or other law or judicial decision exempting the Property or any part thereof, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale on execution or providing for any appraisement, valuation,
stay of execution, exemption from civil process, reinstatement or extension of time for payment, (c) any right to a marshaling of assets or a sale in inverse order of alienation, and (d) any and all rights it may have to require that the
Property be sold as separate tracts or units in the event of foreclosure. 

4 

Section 3.6. Discontinuance of Proceedings. If Mortgagee shall
have proceeded to invoke any right, remedy or recourse permitted under the Loan Documents and shall thereafter elect to discontinue or abandon it for any reason, Mortgagee shall have the unqualified right to do so and, in such an event, Mortgagor
and Mortgagee shall be restored to their former positions with respect to the Indebtedness, the Obligations, the Loan Documents, the Property and otherwise, and the rights, remedies, recourses and powers of Mortgagee shall continue as if the right,
remedy or recourse had never been invoked, but no such discontinuance or abandonment shall waive any Event of Default that may then exist or the right of Mortgagee thereafter to exercise any right, remedy or recourse under the Loan Documents for
such Event of Default. 

Section 3.7. Application of Proceeds. Except as otherwise provided in the Loan
Documents and unless otherwise required by applicable law, the proceeds of any sale of, and the Rents and other amounts generated by the holding, leasing, management, operation or other use of the Property, shall be applied by Mortgagee (or the
receiver, if one is appointed) in the following order or in such other order as Mortgagee shall determine in its sole discretion: 

(a) to the payment of the reasonable costs and expenses of taking possession of the Property and of holding, using, leasing,
repairing, improving and selling the same, including (1) receivers fees and expenses, (2) court costs, (3) reasonable attorneys, accountants, appraisers, environmental consultants, engineers and
other experts fees and expenses, (4) costs of advertisement, (5) costs of procuring title searches, title policies and similar data and assurance with respect to title, (6) the payment of all applicable transfer taxes and
mortgage recording taxes, and (7) the payment of all ground rent, real estate taxes and assessments; 

(b) to the
payment of all amounts, other than the unpaid principal balance of the Note and accrued but unpaid interest, which may be due under the Loan Documents; 

(c) to the payment of the Indebtedness and performance of the Obligations in such manner and order of preference as Mortgagee
in its sole discretion may determine; and 

(d) the balance, if any, to the payment of the Persons legally entitled
thereto. 

If Mortgagee shall be ordered, in connection with any bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Mortgagor, to
restore or repay to or for the account of Mortgagor or its creditors any amount theretofore received under this Section, the amount of such restoration or repayment shall be deemed to be a part of the Indebtedness so as to place Mortgagee in the
same position it would have been in had such amount never been received by Mortgagee. 

Section 3.8. Occupancy
After Foreclosure. The purchaser at any foreclosure sale pursuant to Section 3.1(d) shall become the legal owner of the Property. All occupants of the Property shall, at the option of such purchaser, become tenants of
the purchaser at the foreclosure sale and shall deliver possession thereof immediately to the purchaser upon demand. It shall not be necessary for the purchaser at said sale to bring any action for possession of the Property other than the statutory
action of forcible detainer in any court having jurisdiction over the Property. 

Section 3.9. Additional Advances
and Disbursements; Costs of Enforcement. If any Event of Default is continuing, Mortgagee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure such Event of Default in the name and on behalf of Mortgagor. All sums

5 

advanced and expenses incurred at any time by Mortgagee under this Section, or otherwise under this Mortgage or any of the other Loan Documents or applicable law, shall bear interest from the
date that such sum is advanced or expense incurred, to and including the date of reimbursement, computed at the Default Rate, and all such sums, together with interest thereon, shall constitute additions to the Indebtedness and shall be secured by
this Mortgage and Mortgagor covenants and agrees to pay them to the order of Mortgagee promptly upon demand. 

Section 3.10. No Mortgagee in Possession. The enforcement of any of the remedies under this Article 3, nor
any other remedies or security interests afforded to Mortgagee under the Loan Documents, at law or in equity shall cause Mortgagee to be deemed or construed to be a mortgagee in possession of the Property, to obligate Mortgagee to lease the Property
or attempt to do so, or to take any action, incur any expense, or perform or discharge any obligation, duty or liability whatsoever. 

ARTICLE 4 

FURTHER
ASSURANCES 

Section 4.1. Further Assurances. Mortgagor shall execute and deliver to Mortgagee and/or
file, in form and substance satisfactory to Mortgagee, such further statements, documents and agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, trademark registrations, and such other further assurances and instruments, and do such further
acts, as Mortgagee may, from time to time, reasonably consider necessary, desirable or proper to create, perfect and preserve Mortgagees security interest hereunder and to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Mortgage, including
revising this Mortgage into a form (including conversion into a deed of trust, deed to secure debt or other security instrument) appropriate for recordation in the appropriate land records where the Property is located, and Mortgagee may cause such
statements and assurances to be recorded and filed, at such times and places as may be required or permitted by law to so create, perfect and preserve such security interest. 

ARTICLE 5 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 5.1. Successors and Assigns. This Mortgage shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Mortgagee and
Mortgagor and their respective successors and assigns. 

Section 5.2. No Waiver. Any failure by Mortgagee to
insist upon strict performance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of the Loan Documents shall not be deemed to be a waiver of same, and Mortgagee shall have the right at any time to insist upon strict performance of all of such terms,
provisions and conditions. 

Section 5.3. Subrogation. To the extent proceeds of the Note have been used to
extinguish, extend or renew any indebtedness against the Property, then Mortgagee shall be subrogated to all of the rights, liens and interests existing against the Property and held by the holder of such indebtedness and shall have the benefit of
the priority of all of the same, and such 

6 

former rights, liens and interests, if any, are not waived, but are continued in full force and effect in favor of Mortgagee. 

Section 5.4. Spreader. In the event that Mortgagor shall be the owner and holder of the title to any real property
not covered by this Mortgage (the Additional Property) while any portion of the Obligations remains unpaid or unsatisfied, the lien of this Mortgage shall automatically be spread to cover such Additional Property without any
further action by Mortgagor or Mortgagee and such Additional Property shall be deemed to be included in the Property. Mortgagor agrees, at its sole cost and expense, including any reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by
Mortgagee, to deliver any and all documents or instruments necessary to evidence that the Additional Property has been subjected to the lien of this Mortgage; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Mortgagor shall execute or deliver such
evidence of the inclusion of the Additional Property to the Mortgage at the earlier of (x) thirty days following the acquisition of the Additional Property or (y) one day prior to the end of the calendar quarter during which the Mortgagor
acquires the Additional Property. Any failure of Mortgagor to comply with this Section 5.4 shall constitute an Event of Default. 

Section 5.5. Release. 

(a) Upon payment in full of the Indebtedness and performance in full of all of the outstanding Obligations, the estate hereby
granted shall automatically and without the need for any further action by Mortgagor or Mortgagee cease, terminate and be void, provided that Mortgagee, at Mortgagors expense, shall execute such documents as may be reasonably requested by
Mortgagor to evidence the release of the liens and security interests created by this Mortgage or assign this Mortgage. 

(b) Upon the consummation of a Closing (as defined in the Option Agreement) with respect to all or any portion of a Homesite
(as defined in the Option Agreement) and the payment of the purchase price required under the Option Agreement to Mortgagor (or Mortgagee on behalf of Mortgagor) and subsequent payment to Mortgagee pursuant to Section 4 of the Note the portion of
the Principal Balance of the Note related to the Homesite (as defined in the Option Agreement) the estate hereby granted with respect to such portion of the Property with respect to such Homesite only (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including
any portion of the Property that was not subject to such Closing) shall automatically and without the need for any further action by Mortgagor or Mortgagee cease, terminate and be void, provided that Mortgagee, at Mortgagors expense, shall
execute such documents as may be reasonably requested by Mortgagor to evidence the release of the liens and security interests created by this Mortgage or assign this Mortgage, in each case, with respect to such Property. 

Section 5.6. Future Advances2. This Mortgage is granted to
secure any future advances and re-advances that may subsequently be made to Mortgagor by Mortgagee, as provided for by the Loan Documents, and all other indebtedness of Mortgagor to Mortgagee now or hereafter
existing, whether direct or indirect. 

Section 5.7. Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction. (a) TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND 

2 

NTD: Local Counsel to update for state requirements for securing revolvers.

7 

INTENTIONALLY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS MORTGAGE, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY DEALINGS, CONDUCT,
STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS BY EITHER OF THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS MORTGAGE. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT
MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO
ENTER INTO THIS MORTGAGE. MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE FURTHER WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS MORTGAGE, OR ANY
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THIS MORTGAGE. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS MORTGAGE MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 

(b) MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE HEREBY CONSENT FOR THEMSELVES AND MORTGAGOR HEREBY CONSENTS IN RESPECT
OF ITS PROPERTIES, GENERALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY MATTER, CLAIM OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THE LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE FURTHER CONSENT, GENERALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS OF THE STATE IN
WHICH ANY OF THE COLLATERAL IS LOCATED IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY MATTER, CLAIM OR DISPUTE ARISING WITH RESPECT TO SUCH COLLATERAL. MORTGAGOR AND MORTGAGEE FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY MAIL, PERSONAL
SERVICE OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GENERALLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY, IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE AFORESAID PROCEEDINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES APPLICABLE TO SUCH PROCEEDINGS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, MORTGAGOR AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, MORTGAGEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT THEY MAY NOW HAVE OR HAVE IN THE FUTURE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN RESPECT OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT IN THE COURTS
REFERRED TO ABOVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF MORTGAGEE TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
MANNER 

8 

PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST MORTGAGOR IN ANY JURISDICTION. 

Section 5.8. Headings. The Article, Section and Subsection titles hereof are inserted for convenience of reference
only and shall in no way alter, modify, limit or define, or be used in construing, the scope, intent or text of such Articles, Sections or Subsections. 

Section 5.9. Governing Law. THIS MORTGAGE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
STATE IN WHICH THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED. 

Section 5.10. Entire Agreement. This Mortgage and the other Loan
Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between Mortgagee and Mortgagor pertaining to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, representations or other arrangements, whether express or
implied, written or oral, between such parties relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof. This Mortgage and the other Loan Documents may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties.
There are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties. 

Section 5.11. Severability. If any provision of
this Mortgage is invalid or unenforceable, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent, and all of the remaining provisions of this Mortgage shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on
the parties hereto. 

Section 5.12. Last Dollars Secured. The parties agree that any payments or repayments of
the Indebtedness shall be and be deemed to be applied first to the portion of the Indebtedness that is not secured hereby, if any, it being the parties intent that the portion of the Indebtedness last remaining unpaid shall be secured hereby.

Section 5.13. Multiple Exercise of Remedies. To the extent permitted by law, Mortgagor specifically consents
and agrees that Mortgagee may exercise rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents separately or concurrently and in any order that Mortgagee may deem appropriate. 

Section 5.14. Rules of Construction. All pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the
masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the person or persons referred to may require. All references to sections, schedules and exhibits are to sections, schedules and exhibits in or to this Mortgage unless otherwise
specified. Unless otherwise specified: (i) all meanings attributed to defined terms in this Mortgage shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined, (ii) including means including,
but not limited to and including, without limitation and (iii) the words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Mortgage shall refer to
this Mortgage as a whole and not to any particular provision, article, section or other subdivision of this Mortgage. 

Section 5.15. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Mortgage may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Any counterpart 

9 

delivered by facsimile, pdf or other electronic means shall have the same import and effect as original counterparts and shall be valid, enforceable and binding for the purposes of this Mortgage.

Mortgagor hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the within Mortgage. 

[Signature page follows] 

10 

Executed and delivered as of the date first hereinabove set forth. 

[Property LLC], a [] limited liability company

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT A 

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

SCHEDULE I 

PROPERTY LLCs 

1. 

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC 

2. 

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

3. 

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC 

4. 

Millrose Properties California LLC 

5. 

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC 

6. 

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC 

7. 

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC 

8. 

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC 

9. 

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC 

10. 

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

11. 

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC 

12. 

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC 

13. 

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC 

14. 

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

15. 

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC 

16. 

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

17. 

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC 

18. 

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC 

19. 

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

20. 

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC 

21. 

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

22. 

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC 

23. 

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC 

24. 

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

25. 

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC 

26. 

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC 

27. 

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC 

28. 

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC 

29. 

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC 

30. 

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC 

31. 

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC 

[No further text.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>d760441dex1012.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.12
<TEXT>
EX-10.12

EXHIBIT 10.12 

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of February 6, 2025 by MILLROSE PROPERTIES
HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (TRSCo), in favor of MILLROSE PROPERTIES, Inc., a Maryland corporation (together with its successors and assigns, Lender). 

RECITALS 

A. Pursuant to the Note (defined below) and the Mortgage (defined below, together with the Note, as each may be amended,
modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Loan Documents), Borrower has agreed to repay Lender for certain current and future advances by Lender to Borrower and accrued interest on such advances (such advances and
interest, the Loan and Borrowers obligations to Lender under the Loan Documents, the Indebtedness). 

B. Each Property LLC is the owner of certain parcels of real property more particularly described in the Loan Documents. 

C. Each Property LLC was formed as a limited liability company, in the state set forth in further detail on Schedule 1, and is
governed by the terms and provisions of that certain Limited Liability Company Agreement, as set forth in further detail on Schedule 1 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, the
Formation Agreement). 

D. TRSCo is the legal and beneficial owner of 100% of the issued and outstanding
membership interests in each Property LLC. 

F. Lender is unwilling to make the Loan unless TRSCo enters into this
Agreement. 

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section 1. Capitalized Terms. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings
ascribed thereto in the Loan Documents and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, modified, succeeded or replaced, from
time to time. 

Distributions means all distributions (whether in cash or in kind) and all interest in
respect of, and all proceeds of, any instrument or interest constituting part of the Pledged Collateral, of whatever kind or description, real or personal, whether in the ordinary course or in 

partial or total liquidation or dissolution, or any recapitalization, reclassification of
capital, or reorganization or reduction of capital, or otherwise. 

Equity Interests means all limited
liability company membership interests or other equity interests of, and all other right, title and interest now owned or hereafter acquired by, TRSCo in and to the Property LLCs, including the interests described on Schedule 1 attached
hereto. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Loan Documents. 

General Intangibles shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Mortgage means those certain Mortgages dated as of the date hereof by and between by and between Lender and
each Property LLC, as amended from time to time. 

No-Action
Letters means various No-Action Letters issued by the SEC staff as described in Section 10(b) below. 

Note means that certain Promissory Note dated as of the date hereof, by TRSCo and each of the entities
identified on Schedule I thereto (collectively, the Property LLCs, and, together with TRSCo, jointly and severally, the Borrower). 

Obligations means TRSCos obligations provided in the Loan Documents to pay the Indebtedness payable
to Lender in respect of the Loan thereunder, and to perform and observe all of the terms, covenants and provisions of each of the Loan Documents, including the payment of interest that, but for the commencement of a case under the Bankruptcy Code,
would accrue on such Indebtedness. 

Pledged Collateral means all of TRSCos right, title and
interest, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in, under and to (i) the Formation Agreement and the Equity Interests, including, without limitation, TRSCos share of the profits, losses and capital of the Property LLCs, and all claims,
powers, privileges, benefits, options or rights of any nature whatsoever which currently exist or may be issued or granted by the Property LLCs to TRSCo, and all instruments, whether heretofore or hereafter acquired, evidencing such rights and
interests, (ii) all Distributions, (iii) all General Intangibles relating to the foregoing, (iv) the proceeds (including claims against third parties), products and accessions of the foregoing, (v) all replacements and
substitutions of the foregoing, (vi) all books and records (including computerized records, software and disks) relating to any of the foregoing, (vii) all other rights appurtenant to the property described in foregoing clauses
(i) through (vi), and (viii) any stock certificates, share certificates, limited liability company certificates, partnership certificates or other certificates or instruments evidencing the foregoing. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as it
may be amended from time to time. 

Securities Laws means the Securities Act and applicable state
securities laws. 

Security Interest shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
Section 2 hereof. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from
time to time in the State of New York. 

Section 2. Pledge. TRSCo hereby grants, pledges, hypothecates,
transfers and assigns to Lender a first priority perfected, continuing security interest in and lien on the Pledged Collateral and in all proceeds thereof (the Security Interest) as collateral security for the prompt and complete
repayment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity or otherwise) of the Obligations. The first priority security interest of Lender in any of the Pledged Collateral that is not represented by a certificate shall be perfected by the
filing of a financing statement or statements as hereinafter provided. 

Section 3. Distributions. Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default, TRSCo shall have the right to receive Distributions in respect of the Pledged Collateral. TRSCo hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Property LLCs, upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, to distribute, transfer, pay and deliver directly to Lender, and not to TRSCo, any and all Distributions at such time and in such manner as such Distributions would otherwise be distributed, transferred, paid, and
delivered to TRSCo, for application in accordance with the Loan Documents. If, during the continuance of an Event of Default, TRSCo receives any Distributions, TRSCo shall accept the same as Lenders agent and hold the same in trust on behalf
of and for the benefit of Lender and shall promptly deliver the same forthwith to Lender for application in accordance with the Loan Documents, together with appropriate forms of assignment, UCC financing statements, and other appropriate
instruments, if necessary, indicating the Security Interests of Lender in and to such Distribution. TRSCo authorizes and directs Lender to apply any Distributions received by Lender in repayment of interest and principal on the Loan in the manner
described in the Loan Documents. 

Section 4. Termination of Agreement. Immediately upon payment in full of all
of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, this Agreement shall immediately cease, terminate and be of no further force or effect. Thereafter, upon the request of TRSCo and at TRSCos sole cost and expense, Lender
shall deliver to TRSCo, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, such of the Pledged Collateral as then may be held or controlled by Lender hereunder, and execute and deliver to TRSCo such documents as TRSCo may
reasonably request to evidence such termination, including, without limitation, UCC termination statements. Any Pledged Collateral released from the Lien of this Agreement and the Loan Documents in accordance therewith pursuant to this
Section 4 shall, effective upon such release, no longer be deemed Pledged Collateral for any purpose under this Agreement or the Loan Documents. Lender agrees, at the request and sole cost and expense of TRSCo,
to notify the Property LLCs and any other third party reasonably requested by TRSCo of such termination; provided that, if TRSCo shall arrange for repayment of the Obligations in their entirety by a third party, at TRSCos request and at its
sole cost and expense, Lender shall assign 

3 

the Note, this Agreement and the Loan Documents (to the extent requested by TRSCo) to such third party, without recourse, representation or warranty. 

Section 5. Liability. The trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents of Lender shall have no personal
liability under this Agreement and any obligation of Lender under this Agreement to TRSCo or the Property LLCs shall be satisfied solely from the assets of Lender. 

Section 6. Rights of Lender.

(a) Lender shall not be liable for failure to collect or realize upon the Obligations or any collateral security or guarantee
therefor, or any part thereof, or for any delay in so doing nor be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto. Any part or all of the Pledged Collateral held by Lender may, without notice, but only during an Event of
Default, be transferred into the name of Lender or its nominee and Lender or its nominee may thereafter without notice, exercise all rights in respect of the Pledged Collateral, including the exercise of any and all rights of conversion, exchange,
subscription or any other rights, privileges or options in respect of the Pledged Collateral, as if it were the absolute owner thereof, all without liability except to account for property actually received by Lender or its nominee; provided,
however, that Lender or its nominee shall have no duty to exercise any of the foregoing actions, or any liability for failure to do so or delay in so doing. 

(b) Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, and except to the extent caused by Lenders gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, Lender shall have no liability to TRSCo with respect to the receipt and application by Lender of Distributions, the holding by Lender of any Pledged Collateral pursuant to and in accordance with this
Agreement and the Loan Documents, or Lenders taking, or failure to take, any action (including the obtaining of insurance) with respect to any Pledged Collateral. 

(c) TRSCo hereby authorizes Lender in its absolute discretion, prior to the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 4 hereof, to file any and all financing and continuation statements in any jurisdiction or jurisdictions that Lender deems appropriate (including, without limitation, all initial financing statements and
continuation statements), naming TRSCo as debtor, with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral (including such as may be necessary to renew, extend and continue the perfection of the Security Interest of Lender) without consent of or authentication
by TRSCo and consents to a photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement or of a financing statement being sufficient as a financing statement. 

Section 7. Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender, without demand
of performance or other demand, advertisement or notice of any kind (except as specified below or required by law) to or upon TRSCo or any other Person (all and each of which demands, advertisements and/or notices is hereby expressly waived to the
extent permitted by applicable law), may, without obligation to resort to other security, and in addition to and not in limitation of any and all other remedies reserved to Lender hereunder or at law or in equity, forthwith collect, receive,
appropriate and realize upon the Pledged Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or may forthwith sell, assign, give an option or options to purchase, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of and deliver said Pledged Collateral, or any part thereof, in
one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, brokers board or at Lenders 

4 

offices or elsewhere upon such terms and conditions as it may reasonably deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best with respect to its own interests, for cash or on credit or for
future delivery without assumption of any credit risk, with the right to Lender upon any such sale or sales, public or private, to purchase the whole or any part of the Pledged Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in TRSCo,
which right or equity is hereby expressly waived and released to the extent permitted by law. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender shall have the right to proceed against the Pledged Collateral of TRSCo as it
shall determine in its sole discretion. Lender shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Pledged Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of sale of the Pledged Collateral may have been given. Lender
may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place
to which the same was so adjourned. In case the sale of all or any part of the Pledged Collateral is made on credit or for future delivery, the Pledged Collateral so sold shall be retained by Lender until the sale price is paid by the purchaser or
purchasers thereof, Lender shall not incur any liability in case any such purchaser or purchasers shall fail to take and pay for the Pledged Collateral so sold and, in case of any such failure, such Pledged Collateral may be sold again upon like
notice. To the extent permitted by law, TRSCo hereby waives all rights of marshaling the Pledged Collateral and any other security at any time held by Lender and any right of valuation or appraisal. Lender shall apply the net proceeds of any such
collection, recovery, receipt, appropriation, realization or sale, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred therein or incidental to the care, safekeeping or otherwise of any and all of the Pledged Collateral or in
any way relating to the rights of Lender hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses, to the payment in whole or in part, of the Obligations together with interest thereon at the Default Rate, and only after so applying
such net proceeds and after the payment by Lender of any other amount required by any provision of law, including, without limitation, the UCC and any version of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in any applicable jurisdiction, need Lender
account for the surplus, if any, to TRSCo. TRSCo agrees that Lender need not give more than 10 Business Days notice of the time and place of any public sale or of the time and place if any private sale or other intended disposition is to take
place, and that such notice is commercially reasonable notification of such matters. No notification need be given to TRSCo if it has, after default, signed a statement renouncing or modifying any right to notification of sale or other intended
disposition. Lenders rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative, at law or in equity, with any and all of Lenders other rights in connection with the Loan, and Lender may exercise any of such rights or remedies in any order. In
addition to the rights and remedies granted to it in this Agreement and any other instrument securing, evidencing or relating to any of the Obligations, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC, as if such
rights and remedies were fully set forth herein, and any rights and remedies of a secured party under any version of the UCC in effect in any applicable jurisdiction in which such rights or remedies are sought to be enforced. 

Section 8. Right to Become Member, Shareholder or Partner. In addition to the remedies set forth in
Section 7 hereof, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, by delivering written notice to each Property LLC and TRSCo, after having acquired the right, title and interest of the
Equity Interests, succeed, or designate one or more nominees(s) to succeed, to all right, title and interest of TRSCo (including, without 

5 

limitation, the right, if any, to vote on or take any action with respect to each Property LLC) as a member, shareholder or partner of each applicable Property LLC, as applicable, relating to the
Equity Interests acquired. TRSCo hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs each Property LLC on receipt of any such notice (i) to deem and treat Lender or its nominee in all respects as a member, shareholder or partner, as applicable (and not
merely an assignee of a member, shareholder or partner, as applicable), of each applicable Property LLC entitled to exercise all the rights, powers and privileges (including the right to vote on or take any action with respect to any and all
membership, shareholder or partnership matters, as applicable, pursuant to the Formation Agreement) to receive all Distributions, to be credited with the capital account and to have all other rights, powers and privileges appertaining to such
membership, shareholder or partnership interests, as applicable, to which TRSCo would have been entitled had TRSCos membership, shareholder or partnership interests, as applicable, not been transferred to Lender or such nominee and
(ii) to execute amendments to the Formation Agreement admitting Lender or such nominee as a member, shareholder or partner, as applicable, in place of TRSCo. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon acquisition of any portion of the Pledged Collateral by
Lender or any other Person through foreclosure or assignment in lieu of foreclosure, TRSCo shall not be required to make additional contributions or other payments to Property LLC. 

Section 9. Representations of TRSCo. TRSCo hereby represents to Lender with respect to itself and the Pledged
Collateral that: 

(a) TRSCo is, a limited liability company organized solely under the laws of Delaware, has all requisite
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Formation Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by TRSCo, is the legal, valid and binding obligation of
TRSCo, and is enforceable as to TRSCo in accordance with its terms, subject, however, to bankruptcy, insolvency and other rights of creditors generally and to general principles of equity. 

(c) The execution, delivery, observance and performance by TRSCo of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
will not result in any violation of the Formation Agreement or, to TRSCos knowledge, of any constitutional provision, law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to it; or of any judgment, decree or order applicable to it and will
not conflict with, or cause a breach of, or default under, any agreement to which TRSCo is a party or, except for the liens created or contemplated hereby, result in the creation of any mortgage lien, pledge, charge or encumbrance upon any of its
properties or assets. 

(d) It is not necessary for TRSCo to obtain or make any (i) governmental consent, approval or
authorization, registration or filing from or with any governmental authorities or (ii) consent, approval, waiver or notification of partners, creditors, lessors or other nongovernmental persons, in each case, in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions herein presently contemplated which has not been filed or obtained. 

6 

(e) TRSCo is as of the date hereof (i) the sole economic, managing and
voting member of each Property LLC, (ii) the owner of 100% of the membership interests in each Property LLC and (iii) the sole owner of all direct beneficial interests in the Pledged Collateral. TRSCo owns the Pledged Collateral, and the
Pledged Collateral is free and clear of any lien, mortgage, encumbrance, charge, pledge, security interest, or claim of any kind (including, without limitation, any unconditional sale or other title retention agreement) other than as created by this
Agreement. 

(f) The Equity Interests have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

(g) The Equity Interests constitute 100% of the interests in capital, profits, distributions, and management in the
Property LLCs. 

(h) Upon the filing of a UCC financing statement adequately describing the Pledged Collateral in the
office of the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware, all steps necessary to create and perfect the security interest created by this Agreement as a valid and continuing first priority lien on, and first priority perfected security
interest in, the Pledged Collateral, in favor of Lender, prior to all other liens, security interests and other claims of any sort whatsoever, have been taken. TRSCo has not granted a security interest in the Pledged Collateral to any other party,
and the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement in the Pledged Collateral constitutes a valid, perfected first priority security interest in the Pledged Collateral, enforceable as such against all creditors of, and purchasers from,
TRSCo. 

(i) TRSCo has not changed its name, or used, adopted or discontinued the use of any trade name, fictitious name or
other trade name or trade style. 

(j) TRSCo will not change its name in any manner which could make any financing or
continuation statement filed hereunder seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-507(c) of the UCC (or any other then-applicable provision of the UCC) unless TRSCo shall have given Lender at
least 10 Business Days prior notice thereof and shall have taken all action (or made arrangements to take such action substantially simultaneously with such change, if it is impossible to take such action in advance) necessary or reasonably
requested by Lender to amend such financing statement or continuation statement so that it is not seriously misleading. 

(k) TRSCo shall perform all of its obligations under the Formation Agreement and shall not amend the Formation Agreement in
contravention of the Loan Documents or in any manner that would reduce or impede Lenders rights or remedies hereunder. 

Section 10. Foreclosure Sales of Securities.

(a) No Obligation to Register. In exercising its remedies hereunder, Lender may be unable to sell Equity Interests
publicly without registering them under the Securities Laws, which would likely be an expensive and time-consuming undertaking and, in fact, one which might be impossible to accomplish even if Lender were
willing to invest the necessary time and money. Even though Lender may be able to register Equity Interests under the Securities Laws, it may nonetheless regard such registration as too expensive or too
time-consuming (such determination 

7 

to be made in Lenders sole discretion). If Lender sells Equity Interests without registration, Lender may be required to sell them only in private sales to a restricted group of offerees
and purchasers who fulfill certain suitability standards and who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire the Equity Interests for their own account for investment and not with a view to distributing or reselling them. TRSCo
acknowledges that such a private sale may result in less favorable prices and other terms than a public sale. TRSCo agrees that a private sale, even under these restrictive conditions, will not be considered commercially unreasonable solely by
virtue of the fact that Lender has not registered or sought to register the Equity Interests under the Securities Laws, even if TRSCo agrees to pay all costs of the registration process. 

(b) Right of Lender to Purchase at No-Action Public Sale. TRSCo is aware
that Section 9-610 of the UCC states that Lender is able to purchase the Equity Interests only if they are sold at a public sale. TRSCo is also aware that SEC staff personnel have, over a period of years,
issued various No-Action Letters that describe procedures which, in the view of the SEC staff, permit a foreclosure sale of securities to occur in a manner that is public for purposes of Part 6 of
Article 9 of the UCC, yet not public for purposes of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. TRSCo is also aware that Lender may wish to purchase the Equity Interests that are sold at a foreclosure sale, and TRSCo believes that such purchases
would be appropriate in circumstances in which the Equity Interests are sold in conformity with the principles set forth in the No-Action Letters. TRSCo specifically agrees that a foreclosure sale conducted in
conformity with the principles set forth in the No-Action Letters (i) shall be considered to be a public sale for purposes of Section 9-610 of the
UCC; (ii) will not be considered commercially unreasonable solely by virtue of the fact that Lender has not registered or sought to register the Equity Interests under the Securities Laws, even if TRSCo agrees to pay all costs of the
registration process; and (iii) shall be considered to be commercially reasonable even if Lender purchases Equity Interests at such a sale. 

(c) General Standards Applicable to Foreclosure Sales. TRSCo agrees that Lender shall have no general duty or
obligation to make any effort to obtain or pay any particular price for any Equity Interests sold by Lender pursuant to this Agreement (including sales made to Lender). Lender may, in its discretion, among other things, accept the first offer
received, or decide to approach or not to approach any potential purchasers. TRSCo specifically agrees that a foreclosure sale conducted in conformity with this Section 10 will be considered commercially reasonable. 

(d) Further Assurances. TRSCo shall use all reasonable efforts to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things
(except that TRSCo shall not be obligated to register any Equity Interests under the Securities Laws) as may be reasonably necessary to make any sale or sales of Equity Interests valid and binding and in compliance with applicable laws, regulations,
orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales, all at TRSCos expense. 

(e) Equitable Remedy. TRSCo agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this
Section 10 shall cause irreparable injury to Lender, and that Lender will have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach. As a consequence, TRSCo agrees that each and every covenant contained in this
Section 10 shall be specifically enforceable against TRSCo. 

8 

Section 11. No Waiver of Rights by Lender. Nothing herein shall
be deemed (a) to be a waiver of any right which Lender may have under the Bankruptcy Code or the bankruptcy laws of any state to file a claim for the then outstanding amount of the Loan or to require that all of the Pledged Collateral shall
continue to secure all of the Obligations; (b) to impair the validity of the Loan Documents or any other document or instrument delivered to Lender in connection therewith; or (c) to impair the right of Lender to commence an action to
foreclose any lien or security interest in connection with the exercise of its remedies hereunder. Nothing herein shall be deemed to be a waiver of any right which Lender may have under Section 506(a), 506(b), 111l(b) or any other provisions of
the Bankruptcy Code to file a claim for the full amount of the indebtedness of the Loan and other amounts due under this Agreement, the Loan Documents or to require that all of the Pledged Collateral shall continue to secure the Obligations. 

Section 12. Miscellaneous.

(a) Successors. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is
referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party, provided that TRSCo may not assign its obligations hereunder except as may be provided in, and in accordance with, the Loan Documents. All
covenants and promises and agreements in this Agreement contained, by or on behalf of TRSCo, shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. 

(b) Governing Law. 

(1) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO
ANY RULE OF LAW THAT WOULD MAKE THE LAWS OF ANOTHER STATE APPLICABLE TO THE INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

(2) ANY
LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST BORROWER OR LENDER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK. EACH OF TRSCO AND LENDER HEREBY (I) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT HAS
BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM, AND (II) IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 

(c) Modification, Waiver in Writing. This Agreement may not be amended or waived, nor shall any consent or approval of
Lender be granted hereunder, unless such amendment, waiver, consent or approval is in writing signed by Lender and (in the case of amendments) TRSCo. 

(d) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision 

9 

of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder
of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

(e) Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses. All
payments made by TRSCo hereunder shall be made irrespective of, and without any deduction for, any setoffs or counterclaims. TRSCo waives the right to assert a counterclaim, other than a mandatory or compulsory counterclaim, in any action or
proceeding brought against it by Lender arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement or the Obligations. 

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Copies of originals, including copies delivered by facsimile, pdf or other electronic means, shall have the same import and effect as original
counterparts and shall be valid, enforceable and binding for the purposes of this Agreement. 

(g) No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of Lender and TRSCo, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon anyone other than Lender and TRSCo any right to insist upon or to enforce the performance or
observance of any of the obligations contained herein or therein. 

(h) Further Assurances. TRSCo shall from time to
time, at its expense, promptly execute and deliver (and/or cause to be executed and delivered) all further instruments and agreements, and take all further actions, that may be necessary or appropriate, or that Lender may reasonably request, in
order to perfect or protect any assignment, pledge or security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable Lender to exercise or enforce its rights and remedies hereunder. 

[Signature appears on the following page] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TRSCo has executed and delivered this Pledge and
Security Agreement as of the date first above written. 

TRSCO

MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President

LENDER

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, Inc., a Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: Mark Sustana

Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

[Signature Page to Pledge and Security Agreement]

Schedule 1 

LIST OF EQUITY INTERESTS 

Property LLC 

State of

Formation 

Formation

Documents 

Equity Interests

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC 

Alabama Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

Arizona Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC 

Arkansas Operating Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties California, LLC 

California Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC 

Colorado Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC 

Delaware Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC 

Florida Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC 

Florida Operating Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC 

Georgia Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

Idaho Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC 

Illinois Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC 

Indiana Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC 

Kansas Operating Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2024 100% of the Membership Interests

Property LLC 

State of

Formation 

Formation

Documents 

Equity Interests

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

Maryland Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC 

Minnesota Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

Missouri Operating Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC 

Nevada Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC 

New Jersey Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

New York Operating Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2024 100% of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC 

North Carolina Operating Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

Oklahoma Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC 

Oregon Operating Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC 

Pennsylvania Operating Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

South Carolina Operating Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC 

Tennessee Operating Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC 

Texas Operating Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

2 

Property LLC 

State of

Formation 

Formation

Documents 

Equity Interests

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC 

Utah Operating Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC 

Virginia Operating Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Washington LLC 

Washington Operating Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC 

West Virginia Operating Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC 

Wisconsin Operating Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2024 100 % of the Membership Interests

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d760441dex1013.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13
<TEXT>
EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE GUARANTY 

This PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE GUARANTY (Guaranty) is made as of February 7, 2025, by Lennar Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (Guarantor), in favor of MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (Owner), having an address of 600 Brickell Avenue, Suite 1400 Miami, Florida 33131 and Owners affiliates identified on
Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Owner Parties). 

A. Owner and U.S. Home, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (Lennar) have entered into the following agreements: (i) that certain Master Program Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Master Agreement); (ii) that certain Master Option Agreement, dated
February 7, 2025 (the Option Agreement) and (iii) that certain Master Construction Agreement, dated February 7, 2025 (the Construction Agreement). Initially capitalized terms not defined herein shall
have the meaning set forth in the Master Agreement. 

B. Pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement and Option Agreement, the Lennar
Parties and Owner Parties will from time to time execute Addenda pursuant to which, without limitation, Properties will be added to the HOPPR Program. The Master Agreement, Option Agreement, Construction Agreement, and executed Addenda are
collectively referred to herein as the Program Documents. 

C. This Guaranty is being given by Guarantor to Owner
pursuant to the Program Documents and is an essential inducement to Owner to enter into the Program Documents. Guarantor is the parent company of the Lennar Parties and will benefit from the execution of the Program Documents and Addenda release of
the Deposit prior to the initial Close of Escrow. 

For good, valuable and sufficient consideration received, Guarantor agrees: 

1.OBLIGATIONS GUARANTEED. Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not as a surety, the
following obligations (collectively, the Obligations): (a) the full punctual payment when due of the Lennar Parties payment obligations to Owner under the Master Agreement and the Option Agreement; and (b) the full and
punctual payment and performance, when due of the Lennar Parties payment and construction obligations to Owner under the Construction Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guaranty or the Program Documents, Guarantor
shall not be liable for any lost profits, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages. 

2.GUARANTY OF PAYMENT AND
PERFORMANCE. If the Obligations are not paid or, with respect to the Construction Agreement performed, by the Lennar Parties in accordance with their terms for any reason whatsoever, Guarantor will promptly make such payments or
perform such Obligations, after written demand by Owner to Guarantor. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and, with respect to the Construction Agreement of performance, and not merely a guaranty of collection or collectability. Guarantor shall
be entitled to assert any defenses available to the Lennar Parties under the Program Documents including all rights of setoff, counterclaim and any defense based on or arising out of any defense that the Lennar Parties may have under the Program
Documents; provided, however, that the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be direct and immediate and is not conditional or contingent upon the pursuit of any remedies against the Lennar Parties, any other guarantor, or any other
party. 

1 

3.CONTINUING GUARANTY. This Guaranty is continuing, unlimited, absolute and
unconditional, survives the termination of the Program Documents and continues in full force and effect until the earliest to occur of (i)) with respect to any Program Document, termination of such Program Document pursuant to its terms due to
Owners or any Owner Parties default thereunder, or (ii) all the Obligations are fully and indefeasibly paid and performed. The payment Obligations shall not be considered indefeasibly paid until all payments from Guarantor have been
made and are no longer subject to any right by any party to invalidate or set aside those payments or to seek to recoup the amount of those payments or to declare those payments to be fraudulent or preferential. If any part of those payments is set
aside or restored, then Guarantor shall be liable for the full amount Owner is required to repay. 

4.ALTERATION OF OBLIGATIONS; NO
RELEASE. Guarantor shall continue to be liable under this Guaranty, and the provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (a) any modification,
amendment, supplement, extension, release, renewal, compromise, acceleration or other change in the Program Documents or the time for payment or performance of the Obligations; (b) Owners exercise of any right or remedy under, or waiver
of or failure to enforce any terms, covenants or conditions contained in, the Program Documents, including without limitation any modification, amendment or supplement thereof; (c) any assignment of the Lennar Parties interest under the
Program Documents; (d) Owner accepting, taking or holding any existing or additional real or personal property or other security for the payment or performance of the Obligations, or any exchange, enforcement, waiver, release or subordination
of any such existing and/or additional security; (e) any release or substitution of any other guarantors, sureties, or endorsers of the Obligations; (f) any course of dealing by Owner with Guarantor or any other party; and/or (g) any
impairment or release of the Obligations or any suspension of any right or remedy of Owner against any party, including without limitation the Lennar Parties and any other guarantor. Guarantor authorizes Owner, without notice or demand and without
affecting Guarantors liability under this Guaranty, from time to time and any number of times, to take any or all of these actions or to enter into any other agreement or arrangement whatsoever with the Lennar Parties, Guarantor, any other
guarantor of the Obligations, or any other party with respect to the Program Documents, the Obligations, or any security therefor. 

5.WAIVERS. To the maximum extent permitted by law, but subject to the limitations set forth elsewhere in this Guaranty, Guarantor waives and relinquishes: 

(a) all rights to require Owner to proceed against the Lennar Parties or any other party, or exhaust Owners claims against assets owned
by the Lennar Parties and/or any security held by Owner, or pursue any other remedy in Owners power before proceeding against Guarantor; 

2 

(b) all rights to: (i) exoneration due to any of Owners actions that impair any
security or collateral of Guarantor; (ii) any security or collateral held by Owner; (iii) require Owner to pursue any right or remedy for Guarantors benefit; and (iv) invoke the equitable doctrine of marshaling assets; 

(c) all rights and/or defenses that may arise by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority, death, disability, dissolution, termination,
bankruptcy, or insolvency of the Lennar Parties or any other party or Owners failure to file or enforce a claim against the estate (in administration, bankruptcy or any other proceeding) of any other party; 

(d) demand, presentment, protest and notice of any kind, including without limitation notice of the existence, creation or incurring of any
new or additional indebtedness or obligation or of any action or inaction by the Lennar Parties, Owner, any creditor of the Lennar Parties, Guarantor, or any other guarantor or other party under this or any other instrument in connection with any
obligation or evidence of indebtedness held by Owner as collateral or in connection with the Obligations; 

(e) all subrogation,
reimbursement, indemnification, and contribution and any other rights and defenses that are or may be available to Guarantor by reason of applicable statute, law, policy, rule or case; 

(f) all rights and/or defenses based upon any statute or legal rule which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in
amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; 

(g) all rights to require Owner to disclose to Guarantor any
facts Owner ever knows about the Lennar Parties, regardless of whether Owner has reason to believe any such facts materially increase the risk beyond that which Guarantor intends to assume, or has reason to believe such facts are unknown to
Guarantor, or has a reasonable opportunity to communicate such facts to Guarantor, since Guarantor acknowledges Guarantor is fully responsible for being and keeping informed of the Lennar Parties financial condition and all circumstances
bearing on the risk of non-payment of the Obligations; 

(h) all rights and/or defenses arising
because of Owners election, in any proceeding instituted under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, of the application of Federal Bankruptcy Code Section 1111(b)(2); 

(i) all rights and/or defenses based upon any borrowing or grant of a security interest under Federal Bankruptcy Code Section 364; 

(j) all rights and/or defenses arising out of an election of remedies by Owner, even though that election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial
foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed obligation, has destroyed Guarantors rights of subrogation and reimbursement against the principal because of applicable law or otherwise; 

3 

(k) any defense based upon the modification, renewal, extension or other alteration of the
Obligations or of the documents executed in connection therewith; and 

(l) any defense based upon any legal disability of the Lennar
Parties, Guarantor or any other guarantor, or any discharge or limitation of the liability of the Lennar Parties or any guarantor to Owner, or any restraint or stay applicable to actions against the Lennar Parties or any other guarantor, whether
such disability, discharge, limitation, restraint or stay is consensual, or by order of a court or other governmental authority, or arising by operation of law or any liquidation, reorganization, receivership, bankruptcy, insolvency or debtor-relief
proceeding, or from any other cause. 

Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees that each waiver set forth herein is made with Guarantors full
knowledge of its significance and that under the circumstances the waivers are reasonable and not contrary to public policy or law. 

6.BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY, ETC. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Guaranty, including without limitation any provisions stating the obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty are absolute and
unconditional, Guarantor agrees: 

(a) Guarantors Obligations Unaffected. If any of the Lennar Parties is
relieved of the Obligations as provided in the Program Documents, including without limitation any modifications thereof, on account of any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceeding or case involving Lennar Parties under the Bankruptcy
Reform Act of 1978, as amended, or any successor statute thereto, or any other applicable debtor relief law (whether statutory, common law, case law or otherwise) of any jurisdiction whatsoever, now or hereafter in effect, Guarantor shall
nevertheless be fully liable for and shall pay or perform the Obligations to or for Owner in full pursuant to (and subject to the limitations in) this Guaranty. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except to the extent expressly set
forth in this Guaranty, Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty shall in no way be altered, limited or affected (other than by the acceleration of such obligations under the terms of this Guaranty) by: (i) any proceeding, voluntary or
involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or arrangement of the Lennar Parties, or any successor or assignee of the Lennar Parties, (ii) any defense the Lennar Parties may have by reason of any
order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding, (iii) any disaffirmance or abandonment of the Program Documents by a trustee in any bankruptcy proceeding relating to the Lennar Parties, or
(iv) any impairment, limitation, or modification of the liability of the Lennar Parties (or the estate of any of the Lennar Parties in bankruptcy), or of any remedy for the enforcement of the Lennar Parties liability, under the Program
Documents resulting from the operation of any present or future provision of any federal or state bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency law or other statute or from any decision of any court. No limitation upon or stay of the enforcement of the
Obligations by virtue of any proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or arrangement of the Lennar Parties shall limit or stay Owners enforcement of Guarantors
payment or performance of such Obligations under this Guaranty. 

4 

7.NO LIMITATION ON RIGHTS. Nothing in this Guaranty shall prevent Owner from
suing on the Program Documentsor from exercising any rights available to Owner under the Program Documents or otherwise, and the exercise of any of those rights shall not constitute a legal or equitable discharge of Guarantor. Guarantor
authorizes and empowers Owner to exercise, in Owners sole discretion and without the consent of or notice to Guarantor, any rights and remedies, or any combination thereof, which may be available to Owner at any time, since Guarantors
intent and purpose is that the Obligations (subject to the limitations set forth in this Guaranty) shall be absolute, independent and unconditional (subject to the terms of the Program Documents) under any and all circumstances as if the same were
direct obligations of Guarantor. 

8.CUMULATIVE RIGHTS. All of Owners rights, powers, and remedies under this Guaranty
and under any other Program Documents now or in the future in force between Owner and Guarantor, including without limitation any other guaranty executed by Guarantor relating to any indebtedness of the Lennar Parties to Owner, shall be cumulative
and not alternative, and such rights, powers and remedies shall be in addition to any and all other rights, powers and remedies now or at any time hereafter available to Owner under the Program Documents, at law and/or in equity. Nothing in this
Guaranty shall require Owner to pursue Owners rights in this Guaranty before proceeding against the Lennar Parties or executing against any other security or collateral securing the Lennar Parties performance of the Obligations or
Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty. This Guaranty is in addition to and is independent of any and all other guaranties of any obligations or other indebtedness of the Lennar Parties to Owner. 

9.INDEPENDENT OBLIGATIONS. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty are independent of the Obligations of the Lennar
Parties and, in the event of any default under this Guaranty, a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor, whether or not any of the Lennar Parties is joined therein or a separate action or actions are brought
against any of the Lennar Parties. Owners rights under this Guaranty shall not be exhausted by Owners exercise of any of Owners rights or remedies or by any such action or by any number of successive actions unless and until the
Obligations have been paid and fully performed (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 1 above). 

10.REINSTATEMENT.
Guarantors liability under this Guaranty shall be reinstated and revived, and the rights of Owner will continue, with respect to any amount at any time paid on account of the Obligations which Owner is thereafter required to restore or return
or which is avoided in connection with the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Lennar Parties or otherwise, all as though such amount had not been paid. 

11.LENNAR PARTIES FINANCIAL CONDITION. Guarantor is relying on Guarantors own knowledge and has
made such investigations as Guarantor has deemed necessary with respect to the Lennar Parties financial condition and prospects. Guarantor represents and warrants to Owner as of the date hereof that Guarantor: (i) is fully informed of the
financial condition of Lennar Parties and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations; and (ii) delivers this Guaranty based solely on Guarantors own independent investigation of Lennar
Parties financial condition. Guarantor represents and warrants that Guarantor is in a position to assume and assumes full responsibility for keeping fully informed of Lennar Parties financial condition and all other circumstances
affecting Lennar Parties ability to pay and perform the Obligations, and/or Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty. Owner has no obligation or duty to report to Guarantor any information Owner receives about Lennar Parties
financial condition or any circumstances, whether now existing or hereafter arising, relating to Lennar Parties financial condition or bearing on Lennar Parties ability to perform the Obligations. Owner has made no representations or
assurances regarding Lennar Parties financial condition or ability to pay and perform the Obligations. 

5 

12.DEFAULT. If the Guarantor is required to pay any Obligations pursuant to the terms
hereof and fails to pay the Obligations, or to confirm its Obligation to fulfill the Obligations under the Construction Agreement, within twenty (20) business days after written demand therefor by Owner, and if Guarantor confirms its Obligation
to fulfill the Obligations under the Construction Agreement, but Guarantor fails to endeavor diligently to fulfill those Obligations as provided below, or to cause them to be fulfilled, at Guarantors expense, Owner shall have all rights and
remedies available at law or in equity for the enforcement of this Guaranty, including without limitation, specific performance. With respect to any Lennar Parties failure to perform under the Construction Agreement, Guarantor shall not be in
default under this Agreement if Guarantor promptly engages a replacement Contractor to perform such Obligations at Guarantors cost and expense. 

13. OTHER PROVISIONS. 

(a)
Entire Agreement. This Guaranty and the Program Document contain the entire agreement and understanding between Guarantor and Owner with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior discussions and negotiations,
whether written or oral, between Guarantor and Owner with respect to such subject matter. There are no contemporaneous oral agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) Amendment and Waiver. This Guaranty may not be changed, modified, or amended, except by a writing executed by
Guarantor and Owner; and no obligation of Guarantor in this Guaranty can be released or waived by Owner except by a writing executed by Owner. Any extensions of time of payment, and all other forbearances or indulgences which may be granted by Owner
to the Lennar Parties may be made, granted and effected without notice to Guarantor and without in any manner affecting Guarantors liability under this Guaranty. 

(c) Assignment. Owner shall not assign this Guaranty without Guarantors prior written consent, which Guarantor may
give or withhold in Guarantors sole discretion. 

(d) Binding Effect. The provisions of this Guaranty shall
extend to and be binding upon Guarantor and Guarantors successors and assigns, including without limitation any trustee in bankruptcy and Guarantors estate, heirs and beneficiaries in the event of Guarantors bankruptcy or death.
The provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of Owner, Owners permitted successors and assigns. 

6 

(e) Effectiveness. Guarantor waives any acceptance of this Guaranty by
Owner. This Guaranty shall become binding on Guarantor upon Guarantors execution of this Guaranty. 

(f) Notices.
All notices, requests or other communications required or permitted to be given under this Guaranty shall be made in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in Section 12(a) of the Master Agreement and if such
notice is to be made upon Guarantor, shall be sent to the following: 

If to Guarantor: 

Lennar Corporation

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted] and

[redacted]

With a copy to: 

Deverich & Gillman LLP

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Phone: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

(g) No Implied Waiver. No delay or failure of Owner to enforce any right or remedy
against Guarantor shall constitute a waiver thereof or give rise to any estoppel against Owner, or excuse Guarantor from Guarantors obligations in this Guaranty. No delay or omission by Owner to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to
Owner under this Guaranty shall: (x) impair any such right, power or remedy; or (y) be construed to be a waiver of any such default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar default thereafter occurring; or (z) be deemed a
continuing waiver of any other performance by Guarantor. 

(h) Governing Law. This Guaranty and the rights and
obligations of Owner and Guarantor in this Guaranty shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 

7 

(i) Severability. If any provision in this Guaranty is determined to be
illegal or unenforceable by any court or arbitrator, such determination shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any of the remaining terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Guaranty, all of which shall remain and continue to
have full force and effect. 

(j) Headings. The section headings and captions in this Guaranty are for reference and
convenience only, shall not be given any legal effect, and shall not be deemed to govern, limit, modify or in any manner affect the scope, meaning, or intent of this Guarantys provisions. 

14. JURY TRIAL WAIVER. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GUARANTOR AND OWNER, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO
CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, AND FOR THE MUTUAL BENEFIT OF BOTH PARTIES, WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS GUARANTY, ANY OTHER PROGRAM DOCUMENT, OR ANY
OTHER DOCUMENT, INSTRUMENT OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

GUARANTOR

Lennar Corporation,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

8 

Schedule 1 

List of Owner Parties 

Millrose
Properties Alabama, LLC 

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC 

Millrose Properties California
LLC 

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Delaware, LLC 

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Florida II, LLC 

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Kansas, LLC 

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

Millrose
Properties Minnesota, LLC 

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC 

Millrose Properties New Jersey,
LLC 

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

Millrose Properties
North Carolina, LLC 

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Pennsylvania, LLC 

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC 

Millrose Properties Texas,
LLC 

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC 

Millrose Properties
Virginia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC 

Millrose
Properties West Virginia, LLC 

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d760441dex1014.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14
<TEXT>
EX-10.14

EXHIBIT 10.14 

RECOGNITION, SUBORDINATION, AND NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS RECOGNITION, SUBORDINATION, AND NON-DISTURBANCE AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is entered into as of February 7, 2025, by and among U.S. HOME LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (U.S. Home), Lennar Homes Holding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Lennar Home), CalAtlantic Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CalAtlantic, and together with U.S. Home and Lennar Home, individually or collectively, as the context may require,
Builder), MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation (Lender), MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (TRSCo), and each of the entities identified on
Schedule I (individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Property LLCs and together with TRSCo, individually or collectively, as the context may require, Borrower). 

RECITALS 

A. TRSCo owns 100% of the limited liability company interests in each Property LLC. 

B. Builder is a party to that certain Master Option Agreement (the Option Agreement) and Master
Construction Agreement (the Construction Agreement and together with the Option Agreement, the Transaction Documents), each dated February 7, 2025, by and among Builder and the Property LLCs. 

C. The Transaction Documents govern certain rights and obligations of Builder and the Property LLCs with respect to certain
real property more particularly described in the Transaction Documents (individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Property). 

D. As security for the obligation of Borrower to pay Lender (the Indebtedness) pursuant to that certain
Promissory Note of even date herewith made by Borrower in favor of Lender (the Note), Borrower has granted to Lender one or more mortgages or deeds of trust constituting a lien on the Property (collectively, the
Mortgages). In connection with the Indebtedness, Lender has required that Builder subordinate its rights with respect to the Transaction Documents to the Mortgages. 

E. In addition to the Mortgage, TRSCo has entered into that certain Pledge and Security Agreement dated February 6, 2025 by
and between TRSCo and Lender with respect to the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement) (the Pledged Collateral) (the Pledge, and together with the Note and the
Mortgages, collectively, the Loan Documents). 

F. Builder is willing to consent to such subordination
upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals. The recitals set forth
above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated in their entirety into this Agreement. 

2. Certifications, Representations, and Warranties of Loan Parties.
Each of Lender and Borrower (the Loan Parties) hereby certifies, represents, and warrants to Builder that: 

(a) Other than the Loan Documents, there are no other agreements in existence between or among the Loan Parties relating to
the Indebtedness. 

(b) The Loan Documents have not been altered, amended, or modified since the date of their original
execution and are presently in full force and effect. 

(c) The Loan Parties have fulfilled all of their duties and
obligations under the Loan Documents to be fulfilled and are not in default under the terms, conditions, covenants, and obligations of the Loan Documents. 

(d) The Loan Parties have not, and shall not assign without the prior written consent of Builder, in Builders sole
discretion, any of their respective rights or obligations under the Loan Documents, except that Lender may assign its rights under the Loan Documents to a wholly owned subsidiary if reasonably necessary to preserve its status as a real estate
investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

3. Subordination Agreement; Recognition. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Lenders obligations under Section 4 hereof, Builder hereby subordinates all of its rights, title, claims, and interests in, to, and under the Transaction Documents to the Mortgages and
Pledges, and Builder hereby acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything contained in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Mortgages and Pledges shall constitute a prior lien to any rights of Builder under the Transaction
Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, Builders obligations pursuant to this Section 3 are wholly dependent upon the continued existence and enforceability of the Transaction Documents and Lenders obligations under Section 4
hereof, and shall terminate immediately and without need for further action by any party upon the termination, curtailment, or invalidation of any of Builders material rights under the Option Agreement or under Section 4 hereof as a
result of the actions of any person other than Builder. 

4.
Non-Disturbance. 

(a) If Lender acquires any Property or Pledged Collateral
as a result of Lenders exercise of any remedies under the Loan Documents, Lender shall (i) fully perform Borrowers obligations with respect to such Property or Pledged Collateral under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents in
the same manner and to the same extent Borrower would have been required to perform them, (ii) take no action that would prevent or be inconsistent with Builders exercise of its rights under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents,
including, without limitation, Builders right to acquire the Property pursuant to the Option Agreement, and (iii) if requested by Builder, (A) execute any Property-related documents that are to be signed by a Borrower (e.g., final
plat(s)), (B) release any Mortgage or Pledge with respect to any common areas or streets created or dedicated in connection with the development of the Property, and (C) subordinate any Mortgage or Pledge to any easement or declaration granted
or created in connection with the development of the Property. 

(b) Upon the consummation of a Closing (as defined in the
Option Agreement) with respect to any Property constituting all or any portion of a Homesite (as defined in the Option Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement and the payment of the purchase price required under the Option
Agreement by Builder (or Lender on behalf of Builder), the estate granted by the Mortgage with respect to such portion of the Property with respect to such 

2 

Homesite only (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any portion of the Property that was not subject to such Closing) shall automatically and without the need for any further action by
Lender or the Property LLCs cease, terminate, and be void, provided that Lender, at Lenders expense, shall execute such documents as may be reasonably requested by Builder to evidence the release of the Mortgage (and any liens and security
interests created by the Mortgage). Lender shall not amend or modify any provisions of the Loan Documents requiring any release described in the preceding sentence. 

(c) Lender shall notify Builder at least 10 business days before commencing a foreclosure (whether judicial or non-judicial) with respect to a Mortgage or Pledge. Within 10 business days after the commencement of any such foreclosure, Lender shall send a notice to Builder (a Purchase Option Notice) granting to
Builder the right to purchase the Indebtedness upon, and for no consideration other than, payment of all amounts due and owing by Borrower under such Indebtedness (the Loan Purchase Price). The right to purchase the Indebtedness shall be
exercisable for not less than 30 business days. 

(d) If any bankruptcy, reorganization, or insolvency proceedings are
commenced by or against Borrower, Lender shall not take any action with respect to such proceeding that would adversely affect (i) Builders rights under this Agreement, (ii) in any material respect Builders rights under the
Transaction Documents, or (iii) Builders right to assert a claim as a creditor or interested party in any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency case or proceedings affecting Borrower, in each case, without Builders prior written
consent. 

5. Purchase Option. If Builder determines to exercise its rights pursuant to the Purchase Option Notice
within the period specified in that notice, Builder shall deliver a written notice to Lender (a Purchase Election Notice) agreeing to purchase the Indebtedness for the Loan Purchase Price. On the 15th business day after delivery
of the Purchase Election Notice, or on such earlier date as shall be mutually agreed by the Builder and Lender, Builder shall pay to Lender in U.S. dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds an amount equal to the Loan Purchase Price,
and Lender shall deliver to Builder all of the Loan Documents and such assignment documentation, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Builder and prepared at the sole cost and expense of Builder, as shall be reasonably required to assign
the Indebtedness to Builder. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Builder shall have the right to extend the date upon which the closing of the purchase of the Indebtedness is to occur up to 30 days after the end of the 15th
business day after delivery of the Purchase Election Notice. 

6. Obligations of Lenders Are Continuing. The
obligations of the Lenders hereunder, including their obligations with respect to the Transaction Documents, shall be continuing, valid, and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge, or termination for
any reason, without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the Option Agreement, in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding by the applicable Property LLC or otherwise, or (b) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice
to or knowledge of the applicable Lender) which might constitute an equitable or legal discharge of the obligations of the applicable Property LLC under the Transaction Documents, or their duty to perform thereunder in whole or in part, or of such
Lenders obligations under this Agreement, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. 

3 

7. Builder Cure Right. If Lender sends any notice to Borrower
regarding (a) any default under the Loan Documents or (b) any event or condition that could reasonably be expected to result in a default under the Loan Documents, Lender shall send a copy of such notice to Builder no later than the next
business day after notifying Borrower. For 30 days following the date of such notice to Builder, Builder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to cure any such default, or remedy any such event or condition, in each case, on Borrowers
behalf. To the extent Lenders exercise of any remedy available to it under the Loan Documents would prejudice Builders cure right (or make the exercise of such right more burdensome or costly), Lender shall not exercise any such remedy
until the earlier of (i) 30 days after the date of the notice to Builder or (ii) Builders confirmation in writing to Lender that it does not intend to exercise its cure right. If the exercise of Builders cure right would not require
Builder to make a payment to Lender (or provide Borrower with funds to make such a payment) and the default, condition, or event is not reasonably susceptible to being cured or remedied within 30 days, Builder shall be afforded such additional time
as shall be reasonably necessary to effectuate such cure or remedy. Any amounts paid by Builder on behalf of Borrower pursuant to this Section 6 shall be credited on a
dollar-for-dollar basis against the price of future Takedowns (as such term is defined in the Option Agreement) payable from time to time by Builder in accordance with
the Option Agreement, until the cost of the cure has been fully offset by the amounts credited. 

8. Modifications of
Other Documents.

(a) 

No renewal, modification, or extension of the obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents, and no
release or surrender of any security for the Loan Documents or the obligations of any endorsers or sureties thereof, nor any release from the terms of this Agreement of any claims subordinated and no delay or omission in exercising any right or
power on account of or in connection with the Loan Documents or under this Agreement shall in any manner impair or adversely affect the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the subordination set forth in Section 3 hereof) or
the rights and obligations of Lender, Builder, and/or Borrower under this Agreement unless, in each case, Builder gives prior written consent. 

(b) 

Without the prior written consent of Lender, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or
delayed, Builder and each Borrower shall not amend or otherwise modify the Option Agreement except to the extent such amendments or modifications are entered into in the ordinary course of the land banking business, including but not limited to
amending the Takedown Schedule and Budget (as each is defined in the Option Agreement) and are not materially adverse to Lender. Builder and Owner agree that following the exercise of any remedies Lender is afforded under the Loan Documents and upon
any acquisition of the Property or Pledged Collateral, Lender is entitled to all of Owners rights, title, claims, and interests in, to, and under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. 

9. [Deleted]. 

10. Termination. So long as Lender has not enforced any rights and/or remedies under any of the Loan Documents this
Agreement will terminate upon the (a) full, final, and indefeasible 

4 

payment of all amounts due under the Loan Documents and (b) the satisfaction in full of all of Property LLCs obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

11. Notices. All notices, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and may be given personally,
by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), by courier, or by FedEx (or other reputable overnight delivery service) for overnight delivery, as follows: 

To Lender: 

c/o Kennedy Lewis and Residential

Advisors LLC

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

With A Required Copy To: 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

To Builder: 

c/o Lennar Corporation

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

[redacted]

To Borrower: 

c/o Kennedy Lewis and Residential

Advisors LLC

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

With A Required Copy To: 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

[redacted]

[redacted]

Attention: [redacted]

Email: [redacted]

or to such other address or such other person (in each instance, so long as located in the United States
of America) as the addressee party shall have last designated by notice to the other party. Each notice shall be deemed to have been delivered, given, and received for all purposes as of the date so delivered at the applicable address (so long as
delivery is evidenced by the customary 

5 

courier or U.S. mail receipt, as applicable); provided that notices received on a day that is not a business day shall be deemed received on the next business day. 

12. Effect of Agreement on Borrower and Third Parties. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Lender and the
Builder and their respective permitted successors and assigns and will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Lender and Builder and their respective permitted successors and assigns; provided that no assignment shall relieve a party
from its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall survive the sale or other transfer of the Property pursuant to a foreclosure, trustees sale, or deed in lieu of foreclosure and shall be binding upon any party acquiring any of the Property
pursuant thereto. Nothing herein will be deemed to modify, limit, or in any way affect the rights and obligations of Borrower to Builder under the Transaction Documents or of Borrower to Lender. 

13. Governing Law; Severability. THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. If any provision is held to be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such provision will be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating any
other provision of this Agreement, except that the respective obligations of the parties under Section 3 are non-severable from Lenders obligations under Section 4 hereof. 

14. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR RELATED HERETO, OR ANY COURSE OR CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL
OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF EITHER PARTY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. 

15. Conflicts. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents or the Loan Documents, this Agreement shall control with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

16.
Attorneys Fees. In the event that either party hereto brings an action or proceeding against the other party to enforce or interpret any of the covenants, conditions, agreements, or provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party in
such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses of such action or proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees, charges, disbursements, and the fees and costs of expert witnesses. If any party secures
a judgment in any such action or proceeding, then any costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by the prevailing party in enforcing such judgment, or any costs and expenses (including, but not
limited to, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by the prevailing party in any appeal from such judgment in connection with such appeal shall be recoverable separately from and in addition to any other amount included in such judgment. The
preceding sentence is intended to be severable from the other provisions of this Agreement, and shall survive and not be merged into any such judgment. 

6 

17. Titles and Headings; Construction. The titles and headings at the
beginning of each section of this Agreement are solely for convenience and are not part of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, each reference in this Agreement to a section or exhibit is a reference to the respective section herein or
exhibit hereto. As used in this Agreement, the masculine, feminine, and neuter gender and the singular or plural shall each be construed to include the other whenever the context so requires. This Agreement shall be construed as a whole and in
accordance with its fair meaning, without regard to any presumption or rule of construction causing this Agreement or any part of it to be construed against the party causing the Agreement to be written. The parties acknowledge that each has had a
full and fair opportunity to review the Agreement and to have it reviewed by counsel. 

18. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as may be deemed necessary and convenient, and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall
constitute one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed and sealed this Agreement as of the date
set forth herein. 

U.S. HOME LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

LENNAR HOMES HOLDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

CALATLANTIC GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Mark Sustana

Name: 

Mark Sustana

Title: 

Vice President

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC., a Maryland corporation

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

MILLROSE PROPERTIES HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC

Millrose Properties California LLC

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC

Millrose Properties New York, LLC

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC

By: Millrose Properties Holdings, LLC, its sole Member 

By: Millrose Properties, Inc., its sole
Member

By: 

/s/ Darren Richman

Name: 

Darren Richman

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Recognition, Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

PROPERTY LLCs 

1. 

Millrose Properties Alabama, LLC 

2. 

Millrose Properties Arizona, LLC 

3. 

Millrose Properties Arkansas, LLC 

4. 

Millrose Properties California LLC 

5. 

Millrose Properties Colorado, LLC 

6. 

Millrose Properties Delaware, LLC 

7. 

Millrose Properties Florida, LLC 

8. 

Millrose Properties Florida II, LLC 

9. 

Millrose Properties Georgia, LLC 

10. 

Millrose Properties Idaho, LLC 

11. 

Millrose Properties Illinois, LLC 

12. 

Millrose Properties Indiana, LLC 

13. 

Millrose Properties Kansas, LLC 

14. 

Millrose Properties Maryland, LLC 

15. 

Millrose Properties Minnesota, LLC 

16. 

Millrose Properties Missouri, LLC 

17. 

Millrose Properties Nevada, LLC 

18. 

Millrose Properties New Jersey, LLC 

19. 

Millrose Properties New York, LLC 

20. 

Millrose Properties North Carolina, LLC 

21. 

Millrose Properties Oklahoma, LLC 

22. 

Millrose Properties Oregon, LLC 

23. 

Millrose Properties Pennsylvania, LLC 

24. 

Millrose Properties South Carolina, LLC 

25. 

Millrose Properties Tennessee, LLC 

26. 

Millrose Properties Texas, LLC 

27. 

Millrose Properties Utah, LLC 

28. 

Millrose Properties Virginia, LLC 

28. 

Millrose Properties Washington, LLC 

29. 

Millrose Properties West Virginia, LLC 

30. 

Millrose Properties Wisconsin, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d760441dex1015.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.15
<TEXT>
EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 

FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and entered into as of the 7th day of February, 2025 by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, at the request of the Company, Indemnitee currently serves as [a director][an officer] of the Company and may,
therefore, be subjected to claims, suits or proceedings arising as a result of such service; 

WHEREAS, as an inducement to Indemnitee to
serve or continue to serve in such capacity, the Company has agreed to indemnify Indemnitee and to advance expenses and costs incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any such claims, suits or proceedings, to the maximum extent permitted by law;
and 

WHEREAS, the parties by this Agreement desire to set forth their agreement regarding indemnification and advance of expenses; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree
as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Change in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the Effective Date of a nature that would be
required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if, after the Effective Date (i) any
person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of all of the Companys then-outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors without the prior approval of at least
two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors in office immediately prior to such persons attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of
assets, plan of liquidation or other reorganization not approved by at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors then in office, as a consequence of which members of the Board of Directors in
office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board of Directors thereafter; or (iii) at any time, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not individuals (A) who were
directors as of the Effective Date or (B) whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
of the directors then in office who were directors as of the Effective Date or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved 

(b) Corporate Status means the status of a person as a present or former
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving in such capacity at the request of the Company or the Manager. As a clarification and without limiting the circumstances in which
Indemnitee may be serving at the request of the Company or the Manager, service by Indemnitee shall be deemed to be at the request of the Company: (i) if Indemnitee serves or served as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (1) of which a majority of the voting power or equity interest is or was
owned directly or indirectly by the Company or (2) the management of which is controlled directly or indirectly by the Company and (ii) if, as a result of Indemnitees service to the Company or any of its affiliated entities,
Indemnitee is subject to duties to, or required to perform services for, an employee benefit plan or its participants or beneficiaries, including as a deemed fiduciary thereof. 

(c) Determination means a determination that either (1) Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement
(a Favorable Determination) or (2) Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement (an Adverse Determination). 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of
which indemnification and/or advance of Expenses is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Effective Date means the date set forth
in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

(f) Expenses means any and all reasonable and
out-of-pocket attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, arbitration and mediation costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, bonds, costs of
collecting and producing documents, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed
receipt of any payments under this Agreement, excise taxes and penalties pursuant to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and any other disbursements or expenses incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to
prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in or otherwise participating in a Proceeding. Expenses shall also include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without
limitation, the premium for, security for and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond or other appeal bond or its equivalent. 

(g) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and
neither is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement or of other
indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to or participant or witness in the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification or advance of Expenses hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

2 

(h) Manager means Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company. 

(i) Proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit,
arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing, claim, demand or discovery request or any other actual, threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the
Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative (formal or informal) nature in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or non-party witness by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, including any appeal therefrom, except one pending or completed on or before the Effective Date, unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing by
the Company and Indemnitee. If Indemnitee reasonably believes that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the institution of a Proceeding, such situation shall also be considered a Proceeding. 

Section 2. Services by Indemnitee. Indemnitee [will serve][serves] in the capacity or capacities set forth in the
first WHEREAS clause above. However, this Agreement shall not impose any independent obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to resign or otherwise terminate such
service with immediate effect at any time, and neither such resignation or termination nor the length of such service shall affect Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract, supersede
any employment agreement to which Indemnitee is a party or create any right of Indemnitee to continued employment or appointment. 

Section 3. General. Subject to the limitations in Section 5, the Company shall indemnify, and advance Expenses to, Indemnitee
(a) as provided in this Agreement and (b)otherwise to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect on the Effective Date and as amended from time to time; provided, however, that no change in Maryland law shall have the effect of
reducing the benefits available to Indemnitee hereunder based on Maryland law as in effect on the Effective Date. Subject to the limitations in Section 5, the rights of Indemnitee provided in this Section 3 shall include, without
limitation, the rights set forth in the other sections of this Agreement, including any additional indemnification permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL), including, without limitation, Section 2-418 of
the MGCL. 

Section 4. Standard for Indemnification. Subject to the limitations in Section 5, if, by reason of
Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any such Proceeding unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the Proceeding and
(i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal
Proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

3 

Section 5. Certain Limits on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement (other than Section 6), Indemnitee shall not be entitled to: 

(a) indemnification hereunder if the
Proceeding was one by or in the right of the Company and Indemnitee is adjudged, in a final adjudication of the Proceeding not subject to further appeal, to be liable to the Company; 

(b) indemnification hereunder if Indemnitee is adjudged, in a final adjudication of the Proceeding not subject to further appeal, to be liable
on the basis that personal benefit in money, property or services was improperly received in any Proceeding charging improper personal benefit to Indemnitee, whether or not involving action in Indemnitees Corporate Status; or 

(c) indemnification or advance of Expenses hereunder if the Proceeding was brought by Indemnitee, unless: (i) the Proceeding was brought
to enforce indemnification under this Agreement, and then only to the extent in accordance with and as authorized by Section 12 of this Agreement, or (ii) the Companys charter or Bylaws, a resolution of the stockholders entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors or of the Board of Directors or an agreement approved by the Board of Directors to which the Company is a party expressly provide otherwise. 

Section 6. Court-Ordered Indemnification. A court of appropriate jurisdiction, upon application of Indemnitee and such notice as
the court shall require, may order indemnification of Indemnitee by the Company in the following circumstances: 

(a) if such court
determines that Indemnitee is entitled to reimbursement under Section 2-418(d)(1) of the MGCL, the court shall order indemnification, in which case Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover the Expenses of securing such reimbursement; or 

(b) if such court determines that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances,
whether or not Indemnitee (i) has met the standards of conduct set forth in Section 2-418(b) of the MGCL or (ii) has been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under Section 2-418(c) of the MGCL, the court
may order such indemnification as the court shall deem proper without regard to any limitation on such court-ordered indemnification contemplated by Section 2-418(d)(2)(ii) of the MGCL. 

Section 7. Indemnification for Expenses of an Indemnitee Who is Wholly or Partially Successful. Subject to the limitations in
Section 5, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, made a party to (or otherwise becomes a participant in) any Proceeding and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee for all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee under this Section 7 for all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection with each such claim, issue or matter, allocated on a reasonable and proportionate basis. For purposes of this Section 7 and, without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a
Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

4 

Section 8. Advance of Expenses for Indemnitee. If, by reason of
Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, the Company shall, without requiring a preliminary Determination of Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification hereunder,
advance all reasonable Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding. The Company shall make such advance or advances shall be made within ten days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements
requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding and may be in the form of, in the reasonable discretion of the Indemnitee (but without duplication) (a) payment of such
Expenses directly to third parties on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advancement to Indemnitee of funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses or (c) reimbursement to Indemnitee for Indemnitees payment of such Expenses. Such
statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written affirmation by Indemnitee of Indemnitees good faith belief that the standard of conduct
necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by law and by this Agreement has been met and a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such form as may be
required under applicable law as in effect at the time of the execution thereof, to reimburse the portion of any Expenses advanced to Indemnitee relating to claims, issues or matters in the Proceeding as to which it shall ultimately be established
that the standard of conduct has not been met by Indemnitee and which have not been successfully resolved as described in Section 7 of this Agreement. To the extent that Expenses advanced to Indemnitee do not relate to a specific claim, issue
or matter in the Proceeding, such Expenses shall be allocated on a reasonable and proportionate basis. The undertaking required by this Section 8 shall be an unlimited general obligation by or on behalf of Indemnitee and shall be accepted
without reference to Indemnitees financial ability to repay such advanced Expenses and without any requirement to post security therefor. 

Section 9. Indemnification and Advance of Expenses as a Witness or Other Participant. Subject to the limitations in
Section 5, to the extent that Indemnitee is or may be, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, made a witness or otherwise asked to participate in any Proceeding, whether instituted by the Company or any other person, and to which
Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be advanced all reasonable Expenses and indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith within ten days after the
receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting any such advance or indemnification from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee. In connection with any such advance of Expenses, the Company may require Indemnitee to provide an affirmation and undertaking substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such form as may be required
under applicable law as in effect at the time of execution thereof. 

Section 10. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to
Indemnification. 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request as soon
as practicable, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary or appropriate to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
provided that any failure or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Agreement unless and to the extent that (i) none of the 

5 

Company or its subsidiaries are party to or aware of such Proceeding and (ii) the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure or delay. Subject to the foregoing, Indemnitee may submit
one or more such requests from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in Indemnitees sole discretion. The officer of the Company receiving any such request from Indemnitee shall, promptly upon receipt of such a
request for indemnification, advise the Board of Directors in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 

(b) Upon written
request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a) above, a Determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement shall promptly be made in the specific case: (i) if a Change in
Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel, in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, which Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors
in accordance with Section 2-418(e)(2)(ii) of the MGCL, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, (A) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting
of Disinterested Directors or, if such a quorum cannot be obtained, then by a majority vote of a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors consisting solely of one or more Disinterested Directors, (B) if Independent Counsel has been
selected by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 2-418(e)(2)(ii) of the MGCL and approved by the Indemnitee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, by Independent Counsel, in a written opinion to the Board of
Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (C) if so directed by the Board of Directors, by the stockholders of the Company, other than directors or officers who are parties to the Proceeding. If it is so determined that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall make payment to Indemnitee within ten days after such Determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such Determination with respect to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is
reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary or appropriate to such Determination in the discretion of the Board of Directors or Independent Counsel if retained pursuant to clause (ii)(B) of this Section 10(b). Any Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such Determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of whether the Determination is a Favorable Determination or an Adverse Determination) and the Company
shall indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(c) The Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel,
if one is appointed. 

Section 11. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings. 

(a) In making a Determination hereunder, the person or persons or entity (including any court having jurisdiction over the matter) making such
Determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden
of proof to overcome that presumption and may only do so by showing that there is a reasonable basis to support it. 

6 

(b) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment,
order, settlement or conviction, upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, or entry of an order of probation prior to judgment, does not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet the requisite standard of conduct described
herein for indemnification. 

(c) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company or any other director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining any other right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

Section 12. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) If (i) an Adverse Determination is made pursuant to Section 10(b) of this Agreement, (ii) advance of Expenses is not timely
made pursuant to Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no Favorable Determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 10(b) of this Agreement within 60 days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 7 or 9 of this Agreement within ten days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to any other section of this
Agreement or the charter or Bylaws of the Company is not made within ten days after a Favorable Determination, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court located in the State of Maryland, or in any other court of
competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advance of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification or advance of Expenses. Indemnitee shall commence a proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180
days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 12(a); provided, however, that the foregoing clause shall not apply to a proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce
Indemnitees rights under Section 7 of this Agreement. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Maryland law (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 12, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification or advance of Expenses, as the case may be, under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification or advance of Expenses, as the case may be. Any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 12 shall be de novo with respect to all determinations of fact and law. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding
or arbitration pursuant to this Section 12, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement until a final Determination is made with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 12 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all of the provisions of this
Agreement. 

7 

(c) If a Favorable Determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 10(b) of this
Agreement, the Company shall be bound by such Favorable Determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 12, absent a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact
necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification that was not disclosed in connection with the determination. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee is successful in seeking, pursuant to this Section 12, a judicial adjudication of or an award in
arbitration to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company for, any and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication or arbitration that Indemnitee is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification or advance of
Expenses sought, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication or arbitration shall be appropriately prorated. 

(e) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the maximum rate allowed to be charged for judgments under the Courts and Judicial
Proceedings Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland for amounts which the Company pays or is obligated to pay for the period (i) commencing with either the tenth day after the date on which the Company was requested to advance Expenses in
accordance with Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement or the 60th day after the date on which the Company was requested to make the Determination of entitlement to indemnification under Section 10(b) of this Agreement, as applicable, and
(ii) ending on the date such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

Section 13. Defense of the Underlying
Proceeding. 

(a) Indemnitee shall notify the Company promptly in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena,
complaint, indictment, request or other document relating to any Proceeding which may result in the right to indemnification or the advance of Expenses hereunder and shall include with such notice a description of the nature of the Proceeding and a
summary of the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify Indemnitee from the right, or otherwise affect in any manner any right of Indemnitee, to indemnification or the advance of Expenses under this
Agreement unless the Companys ability to defend in such Proceeding or to obtain proceeds under any insurance policy is materially and adversely prejudiced thereby, and then only to the extent the Company is thereby actually so prejudiced. 

(b) Subject to the provisions of the last sentence of this Section 13(b) and of Section 13(c) below, the Company shall have the right
to defend Indemnitee in any Proceeding which may give rise to indemnification hereunder; provided, however, that the Company shall notify Indemnitee of any such decision to defend within 15 days following receipt of notice of any such Proceeding
under Section 13(a) above. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent 

8 

of Indemnitee, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or enter into any settlement or compromise with respect to Indemnitee
which (i) includes an admission of fault of Indemnitee, (ii) does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the full release of Indemnitee from all liability in respect of such Proceeding, which release shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee, or (iii) would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. This Section 13(b) shall not apply to a Proceeding brought by Indemnitee under Section 12 of this
Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13(b) above, if in a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party by reason of
Indemnitees Corporate Status, (i) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, that Indemnitee may have separate defenses or
counterclaims to assert with respect to any issue which may not be consistent with other defendants in such Proceeding, (ii) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, that an actual or apparent conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest exists between Indemnitee and the Company, or (iii) if the Company fails to assume the defense of such Proceeding in a timely
manner, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be represented by separate legal counsel of Indemnitees choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, at the expense of the Company.
In addition, if the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any Proceeding to deny
or to recover from Indemnitee the benefits intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall have the right to retain counsel of Indemnitees choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, at the expense of the Company (subject to Section 12(d) of this Agreement), to represent Indemnitee in connection with any such matter. 

Section 14. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and advance of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the charter or Bylaws of the Company, any agreement or a resolution of the stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or of the Board of Directors, or
otherwise. Unless consented to in writing by Indemnitee, no amendment, alteration or repeal of the charter or Bylaws of the Company, this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in
respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal, regardless of whether a claim with respect to such action or inaction is raised prior or subsequent to
such amendment, alteration or repeal. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right or remedy given hereunder or
now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prohibit the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

9 

(b) [The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to
indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by the Manager and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the Manager Indemnitors). The Company hereby agrees
(i) that, as between the Company and the Manager Indemnitors, the Company is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Manager Indemnitors
to advance Expenses or to provide indemnification for the same Expenses or liabilities incurred by Indemnitee are secondary), (ii) that the Company shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable
for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the charter or Bylaws of the Company (or any other
agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against the Manager Indemnitors, and, (iii) that the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Manager Indemnitors
from any and all claims against the Manager Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Manager Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee
with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Manager Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to
all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Manager Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section 14.]1

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

Section 15. Insurance. 

(a) The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to acquire directors and officers liability insurance, on terms and conditions deemed
appropriate by the Board of Directors, with the advice of counsel, covering Indemnitee or any claim made against Indemnitee by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status and covering the Company for any indemnification or advance of Expenses made
by the Company to Indemnitee for any claims made against Indemnitee by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. In the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain in force any and all directors
and officers liability insurance policies that were maintained by the Company immediately prior to the Change in Control for a period of six years with the insurance carrier or carriers and through the insurance broker in place at the time of the
Change in Control; provided, however, (i) if the carriers will not offer the same policy and an expiring policy needs to be replaced, a policy substantially comparable in scope and amount shall be obtained and (ii) if any replacement
insurance carrier is necessary to obtain a policy substantially comparable in scope and amount, such insurance carrier shall have an AM 

1 

NTD: To be inserted if the Indemnitee is employed by Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC or any of
its affiliates. 

10 

Best rating that is the same or better than the AM Best rating of the existing insurance carrier; provided, further, however, in no event shall the Company be required to expend in the aggregate
in excess of 300% of the annual premium or premiums paid by the Company for directors and officers liability insurance in effect on the date of the Change in Control. In the event that 300% of the annual premium paid by the Company for such existing
directors and officers liability insurance is insufficient for such coverage, the Company shall spend up to that amount to purchase such lesser coverage as may be obtained with such amount. 

(b) Without in any way limiting any other obligation under this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee for any payment by Indemnitee
which would otherwise be indemnifiable hereunder arising out of the amount of any deductible or retention and the amount of any excess of the aggregate of all judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with a Proceeding over the coverage of any insurance referred to in Section 15(a). The purchase, establishment and maintenance of any such insurance shall not in any way limit or affect the rights or obligations of the Company or Indemnitee
under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights or obligations of the Company under any such insurance policies.
If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give
prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. 

(c) The
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Company and any insurance carrier of the Company with respect to any Proceeding. 

Section 16.
Coordination of Payments. [Subject to Section 14(b),2] The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable or payable or reimbursable as Expenses hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

Section 17. Contribution. If the indemnification provided in this Agreement is unavailable in whole or in part and may not be paid
to Indemnitee for any reason, other than for failure to satisfy the standard of conduct set forth in Section 4 or due to the provisions of Section 5, then, with respect to any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with
Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying and holding harmless Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by
Indemnitee, whether for Expenses, judgments, penalties, and/or amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any
right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

2 

NTD: To be inserted if the Indemnitee is employed by Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC or any of
its affiliates. 

11 

Section 18. Reports to Stockholders. To the extent required by the MGCL, the
Company shall report in writing to its stockholders the payment of any amounts for indemnification of, or advance of Expenses to, Indemnitee under this Agreement arising out of a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company with the notice of the
meeting of stockholders of the Company next following the date of the payment of any such indemnification or advance of Expenses or prior to such meeting. 

Section 19. Duration of Agreement; Binding Effect. 

(a) This Agreement shall continue until and terminate on the later of (i) the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving in such capacity at the request of the Company and (ii) the date that Indemnitee is no longer subject to any actual or
possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement). 

(b) The indemnification and advance of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an
Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other foreign or domestic corporation, real estate
investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving in such capacity at the request of the Company, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee
and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(c) The Company
shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and
substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(d) The Company and Indemnitee agree that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable
and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof,
without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled.
Indemnitee shall further be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertakings in
connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that, in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

12 

Section 20. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid, void, illegal or otherwise unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section,
paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, void, illegal or otherwise unenforceable that is not itself invalid, void, illegal or otherwise unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the
parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid,
void, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void, illegal or otherwise unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 

Section 21. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (delivery of which may be by
facsimile or via e-mail as a portable document format (.pdf) or other electronic format), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement. One such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought shall be sufficient to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 

Section 22. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed
to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

Section 23. Modification and Waiver. No
supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other
provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver, unless otherwise expressly stated, constitute a continuing waiver. 

Section 24. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, on the day of such delivery, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) 

If to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto. 

(b) 

If to the Company, to: 

Millrose Properties, Inc. 

600
Brickell Avenue, Suite 1400 

Miami, FL 33131 

Attn: General Counsel and Secretary 

Email: Rachel.Presa@klimllc.com 

13 

or to such other address as may have been furnished in writing to Indemnitee by the Company
or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

Section 25. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written. 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDEMNITEE

Address: 

15 

EXHIBIT A 

AFFIRMATION AND UNDERTAKING TO REPAY EXPENSES ADVANCED 

To: 

The Board of Directors of Millrose Properties, Inc. 

Re: 

Affirmation and Undertaking 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Affirmation and
Undertaking is being provided pursuant to that certain Indemnification Agreement dated the day of _______, 20__, by and between Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and the undersigned Indemnitee (the
Indemnification Agreement), pursuant to which I am entitled to advance of Expenses in connection with [Description of Proceeding] (the Proceeding). 

Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings specified in the Indemnification Agreement. 

I am subject to the Proceeding by reason of my Corporate Status or by reason of alleged actions or omissions by me in such capacity. I hereby
affirm my good faith belief that at all times, insofar as I was involved as [a director] [an officer] of the Company, in any of the facts or events giving rise to the Proceeding, I (1) did not act with bad faith or active or
deliberate dishonesty, (2) did not receive any improper personal benefit in money, property or services and (3) in the case of any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that any act or omission by me was unlawful. 

In consideration of the advance of Expenses by the Company for reasonable attorneys fees and related Expenses incurred by me in
connection with the Proceeding (the Advanced Expenses), I hereby agree that if, in connection with the Proceeding, it is established that (1) an act or omission by me was material to the matter giving rise to the Proceeding
and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty or (2) I actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (3) in the case of any criminal proceeding, I
had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful, then I shall promptly reimburse the portion of the Advanced Expenses relating to the claims, issues or matters in the Proceeding as to which the foregoing findings have been
established. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Affirmation and Undertaking on this ____ day of _______, 20__. 

Name:

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d760441dex1016.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.16
<TEXT>
EX-10.16

EXHIBIT 10.16 

MILLROSE PROPERTIES, INC. 

2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

1. 

Purpose.

The purpose of the Plan is to assist the Company in attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding certain employees, officers, directors,
and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates and promoting the creation of long-term value for stockholders of the Company by closely aligning the interests of such individuals with those of such stockholders. The Plan authorizes the award of
Stock-based and cash-based incentives to Eligible Persons to encourage such Eligible Persons to expend maximum effort in the creation of stockholder value. 

2. 

Definitions.

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 

(a) 

Affiliate means, with respect to a Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control
with), as applied to any Person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other
securities, by contract or otherwise. 

(b) 

Award means any Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Appreciation Right,
or other Stock-based or cash-based award granted under the Plan. 

(c) 

Award Agreement means an Option Agreement, a Restricted Stock Agreement, an RSU Agreement, a
SAR Agreement, or a written agreement governing the grant of any other Award granted under the Plan. 

(d) 

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e) 

Cause means, with respect to a Participant and in the absence of an Award Agreement or
Participant Agreement otherwise defining Cause, (1) the Participants commission of, plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or a similar plea) to, conviction of, or indictment for, any crime (whether or not involving the Company or
its Affiliates) (i) constituting a felony (or its equivalent in any non-United States jurisdiction) or constituting a misdemeanor involving theft, fraud or moral turpitude or (ii) that has, or could
reasonably be expected to result in, an adverse impact on the performance of the Participants duties to the Service Recipient, or otherwise has, or could reasonably be expected to result in, an adverse impact on the business or reputation of
the Company or its Affiliates; (2) conduct of the Participant, whether or not in connection with his or her employment or service, that has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in injury to the business or reputation of the
Company or its Affiliates; (3) any material violation of the policies of the Service Recipient, including, but not limited to, any legal or compliance policies or the Service Recipients code of ethics, any policy relating to sexual
harassment, discrimination, or the disclosure or misuse of confidential information, or those set forth in the manuals, or statements of policy of the Service Recipient; (4) the Participants act(s) of negligence or willful misconduct
in the course of his or her employment or service with the Service Recipient; (5) misappropriation by the Participant of any assets or business opportunities of the Company or its Affiliates; (6) embezzlement or fraud committed by the
Participant, at the Participants direction, or with the Participants prior actual knowledge; (7) willful neglect in the performance of the Participants duties for the Service Recipient or willful or repeated failure or refusal
to perform such duties; or (8) any breach of any non-competition,non-solicitation,no-hire, or confidentiality covenant
between the Participant and the Company or one of its Affiliates. If, subsequent to the Termination of a Participant for any or no reason (other than a Termination by the Service Recipient for Cause), it is discovered that grounds to terminate the
Participants employment or service for Cause existed, such Participants 

employment or service shall, at the discretion of the Committee, be deemed to have been terminated by the Service Recipient for Cause for all purposes under the Plan, and the Participant shall be
required to repay or return to the Company all amounts and benefits received by him or her in respect of any Award in connection with or following such Termination that would have been forfeited under the Plan had such Termination been by the
Service Recipient for Cause. In the event that there is an Award Agreement or Participant Agreement defining Cause, Cause shall have the meaning provided in such agreement, and a Termination by the Service Recipient for Cause
hereunder shall not be deemed to have occurred unless all applicable notice and cure periods in such Award Agreement or Participant Agreement are complied with. 

(f) 

Change in Control means, unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement or Participant
Agreement: 

(1) a change in the ownership or control of the Company effected through a
transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or similar non-U.S.
regulatory agency or pursuant to a Non-Control Transaction) whereby any person (as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act) or any two or more persons deemed to be one
person (as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company or any of its Affiliates, an employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates (or its
related trust), or any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, directly or indirectly acquire, other than pursuant to a Reorganization (as defined in subclause (3) below) that does not constitute a
Change in Control under such subclause (3), beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50% of the total
combined voting power of the Companys securities eligible to vote in the election of the Board (Company Voting Securities); 

(2) the date, within any consecutive 24-month period commencing on or after
the Effective Date, upon which individuals who constitute the Board as of the Effective Date (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any
individual who becomes a director subsequent to the Effective Date and whose nomination for election by the Companys stockholders or appointment was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the
directors then constituting the Incumbent Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such individual is named as a nominee for director, without objection to such nomination) shall be considered as
though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest (including, but not limited to, a
consent solicitation) with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board; or 

(3) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or similar form of corporate transaction involving
the Company or any of its Affiliates that requires the approval of the Companys stockholders (whether for such transaction, the issuance of securities in the transaction, or otherwise) (a Reorganization), unless,
immediately following such Reorganization, (i) more than 50% of the total voting power of (A) the corporation resulting from such Reorganization (the Surviving Company), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate
parent corporation that has, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership of at least 95% of the voting securities of the Surviving Company (the Parent Company), is represented by Company Voting Securities that were
outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in
substantially the same proportion 

2 

as the voting power of such Company Voting Securities among holders thereof immediately prior to such Reorganization, (ii) no person, other than an employee benefit plan sponsored or
maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company (or its related trust), is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors
of the Parent Company or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company, and (iii) following the consummation of such Reorganization, at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Parent Company or, if there is no
Parent Company, the Surviving Company are members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the Boards approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization (any Reorganization which satisfies all of the criteria
specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) above shall be a Non-Control Transaction); or 

(4) the sale or disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company and its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) to any person (as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act) or to any two (2) or more persons deemed to be one person (as used in
Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than the Companys Affiliates. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) a
Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the Company Voting Securities as a result of an acquisition of Company Voting Securities by the Company that reduces the number
of Company Voting Securities outstanding; provided that if after such acquisition by the Company, such person becomes the beneficial owner of additional Company Voting Securities that increases the percentage of outstanding Company
Voting Securities beneficially owned by such person, a Change in Control shall then be deemed to occur, and (y) with respect to the payment of any amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of
the Code payable upon a Change in Control, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred, unless the Change in Control constitutes a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code. 

(g) 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including
the rules and regulations thereunder and any successor provisions, rules, and regulations thereto. 

(h) 

Committee means the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board, or such other committee
consisting of two or more individuals appointed by the Board to administer the Plan and each other individual or committee of individuals designated to exercise authority under the Plan. 

(i) 

Common Stock means, collectively, the Stock (as defined below) and the Class B common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. 

(j) 

Company means Millrose Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, or its permitted successors
and assigns. 

(k) 

Corporate Event has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b) hereof.

(l) 

Data has the meaning set forth in Section 20(g) hereof. 

(m) 

Disability means, in the absence of an Award Agreement or Participant Agreement otherwise
defining Disability, the permanent and total disability of such Participant within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. In the event that there is an Award Agreement or Participant Agreement defining Disability,
Disability shall have the meaning provided in such Award Agreement or Participant Agreement. The determination of whether a Participant has a Disability shall be determined by the Committee, and the Committee may rely on any
determination made for purposes of benefits under any long-term disability plan in which a Participant participates that is maintained by the Company or one of its Affiliates. 

3 

(n) 

Disqualifying Disposition means any disposition (including any sale) of Stock acquired upon
the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option made within the period that ends either (1) two years after the date on which the Participant was granted the Incentive Stock Option or (2) one year after the date upon which the Participant
acquired the Stock. 

(o) 

Effective Date means February 7, 2025. 

(p) 

Eligible Person means (1) each employee and officer of the Company or any of its
Affiliates; (2) each non-employee director of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (3) each other natural Person who provides substantial services to the Company or any of its Affiliates (y) as
a consultant or advisor (or a wholly owned alter ego entity of the natural Person providing such services of which such Person is an employee, stockholder, or partner) or (x) directly or indirectly through Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential
Advisors LLC or any successor external manager to the Company and, in each case, who is designated as eligible by the Committee; and (4) each natural Person who has been offered employment by the Company or any of its Affiliates;
provided that such prospective employee may not receive any payment or exercise any right relating to an Award until such Person has commenced employment or service with the Company or its Affiliates; provided, further,
however, that (i) with respect to any Award that is intended to qualify as a stock right that does not provide for a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the term
Affiliate as used in this Section 2(o) shall include only those corporations or other entities in the unbroken chain of corporations or other entities beginning with the Company where each of the corporations or other
entities in the unbroken chain, other than the last corporation or other entity, owns stock possessing at least 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations or other entities in the chain,
and (ii) with respect to any Award that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, the term Affiliate as used in this Section 2(o) shall include only those entities that qualify as a subsidiary corporation
with respect to the Company within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. An employee on an approved leave of absence may be considered as still in the employ of the Company or any of its Affiliates for purposes of eligibility for
participation in the Plan. 

(q) 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time,
including the rules and regulations thereunder and any successor provisions, rules, and regulations thereto. 

(r) 

Expiration Date means, with respect to an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the date on
which the term of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right expires, as determined under Sections 5(b) or 8(b) hereof, as applicable. 

(s) 

Fair Market Value means, as of any date when the Stock is listed on one or more national
securities exchange(s), the closing price reported on the principal national securities exchange on which such Stock is listed and traded on the date of determination or, if the closing price is not reported on such date of determination, the
closing price reported on the most recent date prior to the date of determination. If the Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall mean the amount determined by the Board in good faith, and in
a manner consistent with Section 409A of the Code, to be the fair market value per share of Stock. 

(t) 

GAAP means the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, as in effect from time to
time. 

(u) 

Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

(v) 

Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option.

4 

(w) 

Option means a conditional right, granted to a Participant under Section 5 hereof, to
purchase Stock at a specified price during a specified time period. 

(x) 

Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing
the terms and conditions of an individual Option Award. 

(y) 

Participant means an Eligible Person who has been granted an Award under the Plan or, if
applicable, such other Person who holds an Award. 

(z) 

Participant Agreement means an employment, consulting, change in control, severance or any
other services agreement between a Participant and the Service Recipient that describes the terms and conditions of such Participants employment or service with the Service Recipient and is effective as of the date of determination.

(aa) 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, firm, joint venture, association,
joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or other entity. 

(bb) 

Plan means this Millrose Properties, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time
to time. 

(cc) 

Qualified Member means a member of the Committee who is a
Non-Employee Director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and an independent director as defined under, as applicable, the
NASDAQ Listing Rules, the NYSE Listed Company Manual, or other applicable stock exchange rules. 

(dd) 

Qualifying Committee has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) hereof.

(ee) 

Restricted Stock means Stock granted to a Participant under Section 6 hereof that is
subject to certain restrictions and to a risk of forfeiture. 

(ff) 

Restricted Stock Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant
evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Restricted Stock Award. 

(gg) 

Restricted Stock Unit means a notional unit representing the right to receive one share of
Stock (or the cash value of one share of Stock, if so determined by the Committee) on a specified settlement date. 

(hh) 

RSU Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the
terms and conditions of an individual Award of Restricted Stock Units. 

(ii) 

SAR Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the
terms and conditions of an individual Award of Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(jj) 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time,
including the rules and regulations thereunder and any successor provisions, rules, and regulations thereto. 

(kk) 

Service Recipient means, with respect to a Participant holding an Award, either the Company
or an Affiliate of the Company by which the original recipient of such Award is, or following a Termination was most recently, principally employed or to which such original recipient provides, or following a Termination was most recently providing,
services, as applicable. 

(ll) 

Share Pool has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. 

(mm) 

Stock means the Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company, and
such other securities as may be substituted for such stock pursuant to Section 10 hereof. 

5 

(nn) 

Stock Appreciation Right means a conditional right, granted to a Participant under
Section 8 hereof, to receive an amount equal to the value of the appreciation in the Stock over a specified period. Except in the event of extraordinary circumstances, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, or pursuant to
Section 10(b) hereof, Stock Appreciation Rights shall be settled in Stock. 

(oo) 

Substitute Award has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof.

(pp) 

Termination means the termination of a Participants employment or service, as
applicable, with the Service Recipient; provided, however, that, if so determined by the Committee at the time of any change in status in relation to the Service Recipient (e.g., a Participant ceases to provide services as a
consultant and becomes an employee, or vice versa), such change in status will not be deemed a Termination hereunder. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in the event that the Service Recipient ceases to be an Affiliate of the Company (by
reason of sale, divestiture, spin-off, or other similar transaction), unless a Participants employment or service is transferred to another entity that would constitute the Service Recipient immediately
following such transaction, such Participant shall be deemed to have suffered a Termination hereunder as of the date of the consummation of such transaction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Participants change in status in
relation to the Service Recipient (for example, a change from consultant to employee) shall not be deemed a Termination hereunder with respect to any Awards constituting nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of
the Code that are payable upon a Termination, unless such change in status constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments in respect of an Award constituting nonqualified deferred
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code that are payable upon a Termination shall be delayed for such period as may be necessary to meet the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. On the first business day
following the expiration of such period, the Participant shall be paid, in a single lump sum without interest, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding sentence, and any remaining payments not so
delayed shall continue to be paid pursuant to the payment schedule applicable to such Award. 

3. 

Administration.

(a) Authority of the Committee. Except as otherwise provided below, the Plan shall be administered by the
Committee. The Committee shall have full and final authority, in each case, subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, to (1) select Eligible Persons to become Participants; (2) grant Awards; (3) determine the type,
number, and type of shares of Stock subject to, other terms and conditions of, and all other matters relating to, Awards; (4) prescribe Award Agreements (which need not be identical for each Participant) and rules and regulations for the
administration of the Plan; (5) determine the method by which an Award may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, suspended, or repurchased by the Company; (6) determine the circumstances under which the delivery of cash, property, or
other amounts payable with respect to an Award may be deferred, either automatically or at the Participants or Committees election; (7) accelerate the vesting, delivery or exercisability of, or payment for or lapse of restrictions
on, or waive any condition in respect of, Awards; (8) construe, administer, and interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and correct defects, supply omissions, and reconcile inconsistencies therein; (9) suspend the right to exercise Awards
during any period that the Committee deems appropriate to comply with applicable securities laws, and thereafter extend the exercise period of an Award by an equivalent period of time or such shorter period required by, or necessary to comply with,
applicable law; and (10) make all other decisions and determinations as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Any action of the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all Persons,
including, without limitation, the Company, its stockholders and Affiliates, Eligible Persons, Participants, and beneficiaries of Participants. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee shall have the ability to accelerate
the vesting of any outstanding Award at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to upon a Corporate Event, subject to Section 10(d), or in the event of a Participants Termination by the Service Recipient other than for
Cause, or due to the Participants death, Disability, or retirement (as such term may be defined in an applicable Award Agreement or Participant Agreement or, if no such definition exists, in accordance with the Companys then-current
employment policies and guidelines). For the avoidance of doubt, the Board shall have the authority to take all actions under the Plan that the Committee is permitted to take. 

6 

(b) Manner of Exercise of Committee
Authority. At any time that a member of the Committee is not a Qualified Member, any action of the Committee relating to an Award granted or to be granted to a Participant who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act in respect of the Company must be taken by the remaining members of the Committee or a subcommittee, designated by the Committee or the Board, composed solely of two or more Qualified Members (a Qualifying Committee). Any
action authorized by such a Qualifying Committee shall be deemed the action of the Committee for purposes of the Plan. The express grant of any specific power to a Qualifying Committee, and the taking of any action by such a Qualifying Committee,
shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Committee. 

(c) Delegation. To the
extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may delegate to officers or employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or committees thereof, the authority, subject to such terms as the Committee shall determine, to perform such functions
under the Plan, including, but not limited to, administrative functions, as the Committee may determine appropriate. The Committee may appoint agents to assist it in administering the Plan. Any actions taken by an officer or employee delegated
authority pursuant to this Section 3(c) within the scope of such delegation shall, for all purposes under the Plan, be deemed to be an action taken by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan to the
contrary, any Award granted under the Plan to any Eligible Person who is not an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates (including any non-employee director of the Company or any Affiliate) or to any
Eligible Person who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be expressly approved by the Committee or Qualifying Committee in accordance with Section 3(b) above. 

(d) Sections 409A of the Code. The Committee shall take into account compliance with
Section 409A of the Code in connection with any grant of an Award under the Plan, to the extent applicable. The Plan and Awards are intended to comply with or be exempt from the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall
be limited, construed, and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent that any Award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, it shall be paid in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code, including proposed,
temporary, or final regulations or any other guidance issued by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any provision in the Plan that is inconsistent with
Section 409A of the Code shall be deemed to be amended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, to the extent such provision cannot be amended to comply therewith or be exempt therefrom, such provision shall be null
and void. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that are otherwise required to be made under the
Plan to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) as a result of such employees separation from service (other than a payment that is not subject to Section 409A of the Code) shall be
delayed for the first six (6) months following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the date of death of the specified employee) and shall instead be paid (in a manner set forth in the Award Agreement) upon expiration of such
delay period. While the Awards granted hereunder are intended to be structured in a manner to avoid the imposition of any penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code, in no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable
for any additional tax, interest, or penalties that may be imposed on a Participant as a result of Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code or any similar state or local laws (other than
for withholding obligations or other obligations applicable to employers, if any, under Section 409A of the Code). 

4. 

Shares Available Under the Plan; Other Limitations.

(a) Number of Shares Available for Delivery. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10 hereof, the
following limitations apply to the grant of Awards: no more than 11,620,019 shares of Stock may be reserved for issuance and delivered in the aggregate pursuant to Awards under the Plan (the Share Pool). Shares of Stock delivered
under the Plan shall consist of authorized and unissued shares or previously issued shares of Stock reacquired by the Company on the open market or by private purchase, or a combination of the 

7 

foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as may be required by reason of Section 422 of the Code, the Share Pool shall not be reduced by shares issued pursuant to (i) Awards
issued or assumed in connection with a merger or acquisition as contemplated by, as applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) and IM-5635-1, AMEX Company Guide Section 711, or other applicable stock exchange rules, and their respective successor rules and listing exchange promulgations (each such Award,
a Substitute Award). 

(b) Share Counting Rules. The Share Pool shall be reduced,
on the date of grant, by the relevant number of shares of Stock for each Award granted under the Plan that is valued by reference to a share of Stock; provided that Awards that are valued by reference to shares of Stock but are required to be
paid in cash pursuant to their terms shall not reduce the Share Pool. If and to the extent that Awards originating from the Share Pool terminate, expire, or are cash-settled, canceled, forfeited, exchanged, or surrendered without having been
exercised, vested, or settled, the shares of Stock subject to such Awards shall again be available for Awards under the Share Pool. For clarity, the following shares of Stock shall become available for issuance under the Plan: (i) shares
of Stock tendered by the Participants, or withheld by the Company, as full or partial payment to the Company upon the exercise of Options granted under the Plan; (ii) shares of Stock reserved for issuance upon the grant of Stock
Appreciation Rights, to the extent that the number of reserved shares of Stock exceeds the number of shares of Stock actually issued upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Rights; and (iii) shares of Stock withheld by, or otherwise
remitted to, the Company to satisfy a Participants tax withholding obligations upon the exercise, lapse of restrictions on, or settlement of, Awards granted under the Plan. 

(c) Incentive Stock Options. No more than 11,620,019 shares of Stock hereunder may be issued or transferred
upon exercise or settlement of Incentive Stock Options. 

(d) Limitation on Awards to Non-Employee Directors. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the maximum value of any Awards granted to a non-employee director of the Company in any one
calendar year, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during such calendar year in respect of the non-employee directors services as
a member of the Board during such year, shall not exceed $750,000 (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes); provided that the independent members
of the Board or the Committee may make exceptions to this limit, except that the non-employee director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation.

5. 

Options.

(a) General. Certain Options granted under the Plan may be intended to be Incentive Stock Options; however,
no Incentive Stock Options may be granted hereunder following the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, and (ii) the date the stockholders of the Company approve the Plan. Options may be granted
to Eligible Persons in such form and having such terms and conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate; provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Eligible Persons who are employees of the
Company or an Affiliate (as such definition is limited pursuant to Section 2(o) hereof) of the Company. The provisions of separate Options shall be set forth in separate Option Agreements, which agreements need not be identical. No
dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid on Options. 

(b) Term. The term of each Option shall be
set by the Committee at the time of grant; provided, however, that no Option granted hereunder shall be exercisable after, and each Option shall expire, ten years from the date it was granted. 

(c) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Stock for each Option shall be set by the Committee at
the time of grant and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant, subject to Section 5(g) hereof in the case of any Incentive Stock Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option that is a Substitute
Award, the exercise price per share of Stock for such Option may be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant; provided that such exercise price is determined in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of
the Code and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. 

8 

(d) Payment for Stock. Payment for shares of Stock
acquired pursuant to an Option granted hereunder shall be made in full upon exercise of the Option in a manner approved by the Committee, which may include any of the following payment methods: (1) in immediately available funds in
U.S. dollars, or by certified or bank cashiers check; (2) by delivery of shares of Stock having a value equal to the exercise price; (3) by a broker-assisted cashless exercise in accordance with procedures approved by the
Committee, whereby payment of the Option exercise price or tax withholding obligations may be satisfied, in whole or in part, with shares of Stock subject to the Option by delivery of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker (on a form
prescribed by the Committee) to sell shares of Stock and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate exercise price and, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy the Companys withholding
obligations; or (4) by any other means approved by the Committee (including, by delivery of a notice of net exercise to the Company, pursuant to which the Participant shall receive (i) the number of shares of Stock underlying
the Option so exercised, reduced by (ii) the number of shares of Stock equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price of the Option divided by (B) the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise). Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if the Committee determines that any form of payment available hereunder would be in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, such form of payment shall not be available. 

(e) Vesting. Options shall vest and become exercisable (subject to Section 20(f) hereof) in such manner,
on such date or dates, or upon the achievement of performance or other conditions (subject to Section 20(f) hereof), in each case, as may be determined by the Committee and set forth in an Option Agreement. Unless otherwise specifically
determined by the Committee, the vesting of an Option shall occur only while the Participant is employed by or rendering services to the Service Recipient, and all vesting shall cease upon a Participants Termination for any or no reason. To
the extent permitted by applicable law and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, vesting shall be suspended during the period of any approved unpaid leave of absence by a Participant following which the Participant has a right to
reinstatement and shall resume upon such Participants return to active employment. If an Option is exercisable in installments, such installments or portions thereof that become exercisable shall remain exercisable until the Option expires, is
canceled, or otherwise terminates. 

(f) Termination of Employment or Service. Except as provided by the
Committee in an Option Agreement, Participant Agreement, or otherwise: 

(1) In the event of a
Participants Termination prior to the applicable Expiration Date for any reason other than (i) by the Service Recipient for Cause, or (ii) by reason of the Participants death or Disability, (A) all vesting with respect to
such Participants Options outstanding shall cease; (B) all of such Participants unvested Options outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration as of the date of such Termination; and (C) all of such
Participants vested Options outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration on the earlier of (x) the applicable Expiration Date, and (y) the date that is 90 days after the date of such Termination. 

(2) In the event of a Participants Termination prior to the applicable Expiration Date by reason of such
Participants death or Disability, (i) all vesting with respect to such Participants Options outstanding shall cease; (ii) all of such Participants unvested Options outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no
consideration as of the date of such Termination; and (iii) all of such Participants vested Options outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration on the earlier of (x) the applicable Expiration Date, and
(y) the date that is 12 months after the date of such Termination. 

(3) In the event of a
Participants Termination prior to the applicable Expiration Date by the Service Recipient for Cause, all of such Participants Options outstanding (whether or not vested) shall immediately terminate and be forfeited for no consideration
as of the date of such Termination. 

(g) Special Provisions Applicable to Incentive Stock Options. 

(1) No Incentive Stock Option may be granted to any Eligible Person who, at the time the Option is granted, owns
directly, or indirectly within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code, Stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of 

9 

stock of the Company or of any parent or subsidiary thereof, unless such Incentive Stock Option (i) has an exercise price of at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of the grant
of such Option, and (ii) cannot be exercised more than five years after the date it is granted. 

(2) To
the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of grant) of Stock for which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its
Affiliates) exceeds $100,000, such excess Incentive Stock Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. 

(3) Each Participant who receives an Incentive Stock Option must agree to notify the Company in writing immediately
after the Participant makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option. 

6. 

Restricted Stock.

(a) General. Restricted Stock may be granted to Eligible Persons in such form and having such terms and
conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate. The provisions of separate Awards of Restricted Stock shall be set forth in separate Restricted Stock Agreements, which Restricted Stock Agreements need not be identical. Subject to the
restrictions set forth in Section 6(b) hereof, and except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Restricted Stock Agreement, the Participant shall generally have the rights and privileges of a stockholder as to such Restricted Stock,
including the right to vote such Restricted Stock. Unless otherwise set forth in a Participants Restricted Stock Agreement, cash dividends and stock dividends, if any, with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld by the Company for
the Participants account and shall be subject to forfeiture to the same degree as the shares of Restricted Stock to which such dividends relate. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, no interest will accrue or be paid on the amount
of any cash dividends withheld. 

(b) Vesting and Restrictions on Transfer. Restricted Stock shall vest in
such manner, on such date or dates, or upon the achievement of performance or other conditions, in each case, as may be determined by the Committee and set forth in a Restricted Stock Agreement. Unless otherwise specifically determined by the
Committee, the vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock shall occur only while the Participant is employed by or rendering services to the Service Recipient, and all vesting shall cease upon a Participants Termination for any or no reason. To
the extent permitted by applicable law and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, vesting shall be suspended during the period of any approved unpaid leave of absence by a Participant following which the Participant has a right to
reinstatement and shall resume upon such Participants return to active employment. In addition to any other restrictions set forth in a Participants Restricted Stock Agreement, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer,
pledge, or otherwise encumber the Restricted Stock prior to the time the Restricted Stock has vested pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement. 

(c) Termination of Employment or Service. Except as provided by the Committee in a Restricted Stock
Agreement, Participant Agreement, or otherwise, in the event of a Participants Termination for any or no reason prior to the time that such Participants Restricted Stock has vested, (1) all vesting with respect to such
Participants Restricted Stock outstanding shall cease; and (2) as soon as practicable following such Termination, the Company shall repurchase from the Participant, and the Participant shall sell, all of such Participants unvested
shares of Restricted Stock at a purchase price equal to the lesser of (A) the original purchase price paid for the Restricted Stock (as adjusted for any subsequent changes in the outstanding Stock or in the capital structure of the
Company), less any dividends or other distributions or bonus received (or to be received) by the Participant (or any transferee) in respect of such Restricted Stock prior to the date of repurchase, and (B) the Fair Market Value
of the Stock on the date of such repurchase; provided that if the original purchase price paid for the Restricted Stock is equal to zero dollars ($0), such unvested shares of Restricted Stock shall be forfeited to the Company by the
Participant for no consideration as of the date of such Termination. 

7. 

Restricted Stock Units.

(a) General. Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Eligible Persons in such form and having such terms and
conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate. The provisions of separate Restricted Stock Units shall be set forth in separate RSU Agreements, which RSU Agreements need not be identical. 

10 

(b) Vesting. Restricted Stock Units shall vest in such
manner, on such date or dates, or upon the achievement of performance or other conditions, in each case, as may be determined by the Committee and set forth in an RSU Agreement. Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Committee, the vesting
of a Restricted Stock Unit shall occur only while the Participant is employed by or rendering services to the Service Recipient, and all vesting shall cease upon a Participants Termination for any or no reason. To the extent permitted by
applicable law and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, vesting shall be suspended during the period of any approved unpaid leave of absence by a Participant following which the Participant has a right to reinstatement and shall resume upon
such Participants return to active employment. 

(c) Settlement. Restricted Stock Units shall be
settled in Stock, cash, or property, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, on the date or dates determined by the Committee and set forth in an RSU Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in a
Participants RSU Agreement, a Participant shall not be entitled to dividends, if any, or dividend equivalents with respect to Restricted Stock Units prior to settlement. 

(d) Termination of Employment or Service. Except as provided by the Committee in an RSU Agreement,
Participant Agreement, or otherwise, in the event of a Participants Termination for any or no reason prior to the time that such Participants Restricted Stock Units have been settled, (1) all vesting with respect to such
Participants Restricted Stock Units outstanding shall cease; (2) all of such Participants unvested Restricted Stock Units outstanding shall be forfeited for no consideration as of the date of such Termination; and (3) any
shares remaining undelivered with respect to vested Restricted Stock Units then held by such Participant shall be delivered on the delivery date or dates specified in the RSU Agreement. 

8. 

Stock Appreciation Rights.

(a) General. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to Eligible Persons in such form and having such terms
and conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate (subject to Section 20(f) hereof). The provisions of separate Stock Appreciation Rights shall be set forth in separate SAR Agreements, which SAR Agreements need not be identical. No
dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid on Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(b) Term. The term of each
Stock Appreciation Right shall be set by the Committee at the time of grant; provided, however, that no Stock Appreciation Right granted hereunder shall be exercisable after, and each Stock Appreciation Right shall expire, ten years from
the date it was granted. 

(c) Base Price. The base price per share of Stock for each Stock Appreciation
Right shall be set by the Committee at the time of grant and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the base price per
share of Stock for such Stock Appreciation Right may be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant; provided that such base price is determined in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. 

(d) Vesting. Stock Appreciation Rights shall vest and become exercisable (subject to Section 20(f)
hereof) in such manner, on such date or dates, or upon the achievement of performance or other conditions (subject to Section 20(f) hereof), in each case, as may be determined by the Committee and set forth in a SAR Agreement. Unless otherwise
specifically determined by the Committee, the vesting of a Stock Appreciation Right shall occur only while the Participant is employed by or rendering services to the Service Recipient, and all vesting shall cease upon a Participants
Termination for any or no reason. To the extent permitted by applicable law and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, vesting shall be suspended during the period of any approved unpaid leave of absence by a Participant following which the
Participant has a right to reinstatement and shall resume upon such Participants return to active employment. If a Stock Appreciation Right is exercisable in installments, such installments, or portions thereof that become exercisable shall
remain exercisable until the Stock Appreciation Right expires, is canceled, or otherwise terminates. 

(e) Payment upon Exercise. Payment upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right may be made in cash, Stock, or
property, as specified in the SAR Agreement or determined by the Committee, in each case, having a value in respect of each share of Stock underlying the portion of the Stock Appreciation Right so exercised, equal to the difference between the base
price of such Stock Appreciation Right and the Fair Market Value of one share of 

11 

Stock on the exercise date. For purposes of clarity, each share of Stock to be issued in settlement of a Stock Appreciation Right is deemed to have a value equal to the Fair Market Value of one
share of Stock on the exercise date. In no event shall fractional shares be issuable upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, and in the event that fractional shares would otherwise be issuable, the number of shares issuable will be rounded
down to the next lower whole number of shares, and the Participant will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the value of such fractional share. 

(f) Termination of Employment or Service. Except as provided by the Committee in a SAR Agreement,
Participant Agreement, or otherwise: 

(1) In the event of a Participants Termination prior to the
applicable Expiration Date for any reason other than (i) by the Service Recipient for Cause, or (ii) by reason of the Participants death or Disability, (A) all vesting with respect to such Participants Stock Appreciation
Rights outstanding shall cease; (B) all of such Participants unvested Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration as of the date of such Termination; and (C) all of such
Participants vested Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration on the earlier of (x) the applicable Expiration Date, and (y) the date that is 90 days after the date of such
Termination. 

(2) In the event of a Participants Termination prior to the applicable Expiration Date by
reason of such Participants death or Disability, (i) all vesting with respect to such Participants Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding shall cease; (ii) all of such Participants unvested Stock Appreciation Rights
outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration as of the date of such Termination; and (iii) all of such Participants vested Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding shall terminate and be forfeited for no consideration on
the earlier of (x) the applicable Expiration Date, and (y) the date that is 12 months after the date of such Termination. 

(3) In the event of a Participants Termination prior to the applicable Expiration Date by the Service
Recipient for Cause, all of such Participants Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding (whether or not vested) shall immediately terminate and be forfeited for no consideration as of the date of such Termination. 

9. 

Other Stock-Based Awards.

The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants such other Awards that may be denominated or
payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based upon or related to Stock, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan. The Committee may also grant Stock as a bonus (whether or not subject to
any vesting requirements or other restrictions on transfer) and may grant other Awards in lieu of obligations of the Company or an Affiliate to pay cash or deliver other property under the Plan or under other plans or compensatory arrangements,
subject to such terms as shall be determined by the Committee. The terms and conditions applicable to such Awards shall be determined by the Committee and evidenced by Award Agreements, which agreements need not be identical. 

10. 

Adjustment for Recapitalization, Merger, etc.

(a) Capitalization Adjustments. The aggregate number and class of shares of Stock or other securities that
may be delivered in connection with Awards (as set forth in Section 4 hereof), the numerical share limits in Section 4(a) hereof, the number and class of shares of Stock or other securities covered by each outstanding Award, and the
price per share of Stock underlying each such Award shall be equitably and proportionally adjusted or substituted, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, as to the number, price, or kind of a share of Stock, other securities or
other consideration subject to such Awards, (1) in the event of changes in the outstanding Stock or in the capital structure of the Company (including the Common Stock) by reason of stock dividends, extraordinary cash dividends, stock splits,
reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations, combinations, exchanges, or other relevant changes in capitalization occurring after the date of grant of any such Award (including any Corporate
Event); (2) in connection with any extraordinary dividend declared and paid in respect of shares of Common Stock, whether payable in the form of cash, stock, or any other form of 

12 

consideration; or (3) in the event of any change in applicable laws or circumstances that results in or could result in, in either case, as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion, any substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights intended to be granted to, or available for, Participants in the Plan. In lieu of or in addition to any adjustment pursuant to this Section 10, if deemed appropriate, the
Committee may provide that an adjustment take the form of a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding Award with respect to all or part of an outstanding Award, which payment shall be subject to such terms and conditions (including timing of
payment(s), vesting, and forfeiture conditions) as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. The Committee will make such adjustments, substitutions, or payment, and its determination will be final, binding, and conclusive. The Committee
need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Committee may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. 

(b) Corporate Events. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as provided by the Committee in an Award
Agreement, Participant Agreement, or otherwise, in connection with (i) a merger, amalgamation, or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is not the surviving corporation; (ii) a merger, amalgamation, or consolidation
involving the Company in which the Company is the surviving corporation but the holders of shares of Common Stock receive securities of another corporation or other property or cash; (iii) a Change in Control; or (iv) the reorganization,
dissolution, or liquidation of the Company (each, a Corporate Event), the Committee may provide for any one or more of the following: 

(1) The assumption or substitution of any or all Awards in connection with such Corporate Event, in which case the
Awards shall be subject to the adjustment set forth in Section 10(a) hereof, and to the extent that such Awards vest subject to the achievement of performance criteria, such performance criteria shall be deemed earned at target level (or
if no target is specified, the maximum level) and will be converted into solely service based vesting awards that will vest during the performance period, if any, during which the original performance criteria would have been measured; 

(2) The acceleration of vesting of any or all Awards not assumed or substituted in connection with such Corporate
Event, subject to the consummation of such Corporate Event; provided that unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, any Awards that vest subject to the achievement of performance criteria will be deemed earned at target
level (or if no target is specified, the maximum level), provided, further, that a Participant has not experienced a Termination prior to such Corporate Event; 

(3) The cancellation of any or all Awards not assumed or substituted in connection with such Corporate Event
(whether vested or unvested) as of the consummation of such Corporate Event, together with the payment to the Participants holding vested Awards (including any Awards that would vest upon the Corporate Event but for such cancellation) so canceled of
an amount in respect of cancellation equal to an amount based upon the per-share consideration being paid for the Stock in connection with such Corporate Event, less, in the case of Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, and other Awards subject to exercise, the applicable exercise or base price; provided, however, that holders of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, and other Awards subject to exercise shall be entitled to consideration in
respect of cancellation of such Awards only if the per-share consideration less the applicable exercise or base price is greater than zero dollars ($0), and to the extent that the per-share consideration is less than or equal to the applicable exercise or base price, such Awards shall be canceled for no consideration; 

(4) The cancellation of any or all Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, and other Awards subject to exercise not
assumed or substituted in connection with such Corporate Event (whether vested or unvested) as of the consummation of such Corporate Event; provided that all Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, and other Awards to be so canceled pursuant
to this paragraph (4) shall first become exercisable for a period of at least ten days prior to such Corporate Event, with any exercise during such period of any unvested Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, or other Awards to be
(A) contingent upon and subject to the occurrence of the Corporate Event, and (B) effectuated by such means as are approved by the Committee; and 

13 

(5) The replacement of any or all Awards (other than Awards that
are intended to qualify as stock rights that do not provide for a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) with a cash incentive program that preserves the value of the Awards so replaced
(determined as of the consummation of the Corporate Event), with subsequent payment of cash incentives subject to the same vesting conditions as applicable to the Awards so replaced and payment to be made within 30 days of the applicable vesting
date. 

Payments to holders pursuant to paragraph (3) above shall be made in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Committee, and to the extent
applicable, in the form of such other consideration necessary for a Participant to receive property, cash, or securities (or a combination thereof) as such Participant would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction if the
Participant had been, immediately prior to such transaction, the holder of the number of shares of Stock covered by the Award at such time (less any applicable exercise or base price). In addition, in connection with any Corporate Event, prior to
any payment or adjustment contemplated under this Section 10(b), the Committee may require a Participant to (A) represent and warrant as to the unencumbered title to his or her Awards; (B) bear such Participants pro-rata share of any post-closing indemnity obligations, and be subject to the same post-closing purchase price adjustments, escrow terms, offset rights, holdback terms, and similar conditions as the other holders
of Stock; and (C) deliver customary transfer documentation as reasonably determined by the Committee. The Committee need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The
Committee may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. 

(c) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment provided under this Section 10 may, in the Committees
discretion, provide for the elimination of any fractional share that might otherwise become subject to an Award. No cash settlements shall be made with respect to fractional shares so eliminated. 

11. 

Use of Proceeds.

The proceeds received from the sale of Stock pursuant to the Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 

12. 

Rights and Privileges as a Stockholder.

Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, no Person shall be entitled to the rights and privileges of Stock ownership in respect
of shares of Stock that are subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued to that Person. 

13. 

Transferability of Awards.

Awards may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the applicable laws of
descent and distribution, and to the extent subject to exercise, Awards may not be exercised during the lifetime of the grantee other than by the grantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to Incentive Stock Options, Awards and a
Participants rights under the Plan shall be transferable for no value to the extent provided in an Award Agreement or otherwise determined at any time by the Committee. 

14. 

Employment or Service Rights.

No individual shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or, having been selected for the grant of an Award, to be
selected for the grant of any other Award. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any Participant or other individual any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate of the
Company. 

15. 

Compliance with Laws.

The obligation of the Company to deliver Stock upon issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement of any Award shall be subject to all applicable
laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the contrary, the Company shall be under no 

14 

obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any shares of Stock pursuant to an Award, unless such shares have been properly registered for
sale with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act (or with a similar non-U.S. regulatory agency pursuant to a similar law or regulation), or unless the Company has
received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully complied with.
The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale or resale under the Securities Act any of the shares of Stock to be offered or sold under the Plan or any shares of Stock to be issued upon exercise or settlement of Awards. If the shares
of Stock offered for sale or sold under the Plan are offered or sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, the Company may restrict the transfer of such shares and may legend the Stock certificates representing such
shares in such manner as it deems advisable to ensure the availability of any such exemption. 

16. 

Withholding Obligations.

As a condition to the issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement of any Award (or upon the making of an election under
Section 83(b) of the Code), the Committee may require that a Participant satisfy, through deduction or withholding from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant, or through such other arrangements as are satisfactory to the
Committee, the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign income and other taxes of any kind required or permitted to be withheld in connection with such issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement (or election). The Committee, in its
discretion, may (but is not obligated to) permit or require shares of Stock (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) to be used to satisfy all or any portion of applicable tax withholding requirements with respect to any
Award, and such shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value as of the issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement date of the Award, as applicable. The shares of Stock so delivered or withheld must have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to
the tax obligation (or portion thereof). Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold by considering the applicable minimum statutorily required withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates in the applicable
Participants jurisdiction, including maximum applicable rates that may be utilized without creating adverse accounting treatment under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor
pronouncement thereto) and is permitted under applicable withholding rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or another applicable governmental entity. 

17. 

Amendment of the Plan or Awards.

(a) Amendment of Plan. The Board or the Committee may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time. 

(b) Amendment of Awards. The Board or the Committee may amend the terms of any one or more Awards at any time
and from time to time. 

(c) Stockholder Approval; No Material Impairment. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, no amendment to the Plan or any Award shall be effective without stockholder approval to the extent that such approval is required pursuant to applicable law or the applicable rules of each national securities exchange on which the
Stock is listed. Additionally, no amendment to the Plan or any Award shall materially impair a Participants rights under any Award unless the Participant consents in writing (it being understood that no action taken by the Board or the
Committee that is expressly permitted under the Plan, including, without limitation, any actions described in Section 10 hereof, shall constitute an amendment to the Plan or an Award for such purpose). Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to
the limitations of applicable law, if any, and without an affected Participants consent, the Board or the Committee may amend the terms of the Plan or any one or more Awards from time to time as necessary to bring such Awards into compliance
with applicable law, including, without limitation, Section 409A of the Code. 

(d) No Repricing of
Awards Without Stockholder Approval. Notwithstanding Sections 17(a) or 17(b) above, or any other provision of the Plan, reducing the exercise price of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights issued and outstanding under the Plan, including
through amendment, cancellation in exchange for the grant of a substitute Award, repurchase for cash or other consideration (in each case that has the effect of reducing the exercise price), or any other action that would be treated as a
repricing of such Options or such Stock Appreciation Rights under GAAP, will require approval of the Companys stockholders, unless the cancellation, exchange, repurchase or other action occurs in connection with an event set forth
in Section 10 hereof. 

15 

18. 

Termination or Suspension of the Plan.

The Board or the Committee may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall terminate on the day before
the tenth anniversary of the date the stockholders of the Company approve the Plan. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated; provided, however, that following any suspension or
termination of the Plan, the Plan shall remain in effect for the purpose of governing all Awards then outstanding hereunder until such time as all Awards under the Plan have been terminated, forfeited, or otherwise canceled, or earned, exercised,
settled, or otherwise paid out, in accordance with their terms. 

19. 

Effective Date of the Plan.

The Plan is effective as of the Effective Date. 

20. 

Miscellaneous.

(a) Treatment of Dividends and Dividend Equivalents on Unvested Awards. Notwithstanding any other provision
of the Plan to the contrary, with respect to any Award that provides for or includes a right to dividends or dividend equivalents, if dividends are declared during the period that an equity Award is outstanding, such dividends (or dividend
equivalents) shall either (i) not be paid or credited with respect to such Award, or (ii) be accumulated but remain subject to vesting requirement(s) to the same extent as the applicable Award and shall only be paid at the time or
times such vesting requirement(s) are satisfied. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, no interest will accrue or be paid on the amount of any cash dividends withheld. No dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid on Options or
Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(b) Certificates. Stock acquired pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan
may be evidenced in such a manner as the Committee shall determine. If certificates representing Stock are registered in the name of the Participant, the Committee may require that (1) such certificates bear an appropriate legend referring to
the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Stock; (2) the Company retain physical possession of the certificates; and (3) the Participant deliver a stock power to the Company, endorsed in blank, relating to the Stock.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, that the Stock shall be held in book-entry form rather than delivered to the Participant pending the release of any applicable restrictions. 

(c) Other Benefits. No Award granted or paid out under the Plan shall be deemed compensation for purposes of
computing benefits under any retirement plan of the Company or its Affiliates nor affect any benefits under any other benefit plan now or subsequently in effect under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of
compensation. 

(d) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant
by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is
communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Committee consents, resolutions, or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain
terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule, or number of shares of Stock) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement as a result of a clerical error in connection with the preparation of the Award Agreement, the corporate
records will control, and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement. 

(e) Clawback/Recoupment Policy. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, all Awards granted
under the Plan shall be and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Board (or a committee or subcommittee of the Board) and, in each case, as may be amended from time
to time. No such policy adoption or amendment shall in any event require the prior consent of any Participant. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or
constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates. In the event that an Award is subject to more than one such policy, the policy with the most restrictive clawback or recoupment
provisions shall govern such Award, subject to applicable law. 

16 

(f) Non-Exempt
Employees. If an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right is granted to an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates in the United States who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor
Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or the Stock Appreciation Right will not be first exercisable for any shares of Stock until at least six (6) months following the date of grant of the Option or the Stock Appreciation Right
(although the Option or the Stock Appreciation Right may vest prior to such date). To the extent that the vesting of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right is based on the performance of a business unit of the Company or a Participant, the
determinations with respect to such performance of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right for purposes of this Section 20(f) must be made based on (i) future performance meeting previously described criteria (e.g., hours of work,
efficiency or productivity) or (ii) the Participants past performance, which shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (1) if such employee dies
or suffers a Disability; (2) upon a Corporate Event in which such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is not assumed, continued, or substituted; (3) upon a Change in Control; or (4) upon the Participants retirement (as such term
may be defined in the applicable Award Agreement or a Participant Agreement or, if no such definition exists, in accordance with the Companys then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights held by such employee may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt
employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to
ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting, or issuance of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from such employees regular rate of pay,
the provisions of this Section 20(f) will apply to all Awards. 

(g) Data Privacy. As a
condition of receipt of any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this Section 20(g) by and among, as applicable,
the Company and its Affiliates, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in the Plan. In furtherance of such implementation, administration, and management,
the Company and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participants name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number or other
identification number, salary, nationality, job title(s), information regarding any securities of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and details of all Awards (the Data). In addition to transferring the Data amongst
themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in the Plan, the Company and its Affiliates may each transfer the Data to any third parties
assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in the Plan. Recipients of the Data may be located in the Participants country or elsewhere, and the
Participants country and any given recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in
electronic or other form, for the purposes of assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as
may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage the
Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data held by the Company with respect to such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data
with respect to such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data with respect to the Participant, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein in writing, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources
representative. The Company may cancel the Participants eligibility to participate in the Plan, and in the Committees discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents
described herein. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

(h) Participants Outside of the United States. The Committee may modify the terms of any Award under the Plan
made to or held by a Participant who is then a resident, or is primarily employed or providing services, outside of the United States in any manner deemed by the Committee to be necessary or appropriate in order that such Award shall conform to
laws, regulations, and customs of the country in which the Participant is then a resident or 

17 

primarily employed or providing services, or so that the value and other benefits of the Award to the Participant, as affected by nonU.S. tax laws and other restrictions applicable as a
result of the Participants residence, employment, or providing services abroad, shall be comparable to the value of such Award to a Participant who is a resident, or is primarily employed or providing services, in the United States. An Award
may be modified under this Section 20(h) in a manner that is inconsistent with the express terms of the Plan, so long as such modifications will not contravene any applicable law or regulation or result in actual liability under
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act for the Participant whose Award is modified. Additionally, the Committee may adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the Plan by Eligible Persons who are nonU.S. nationals or are primarily employed or providing services outside the United States. 

(i) No Liability of Committee Members. Neither any member of the Committee nor any of the Committees
permitted delegates shall be liable personally by reason of any contract or other instrument executed by such member or on his or her behalf in his or her capacity as a member of the Committee or for any mistake of judgment made in good faith, and
the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee and each other employee, officer, or director of the Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan may be allocated or
delegated, against all costs and expenses (including counsel fees) and liabilities (including sums paid in settlement of a claim) arising out of any act or omission to act in connection with the Plan, unless arising out of such Persons own
fraud or willful misconduct; provided, however, that approval of the Board shall be required for the payment of any amount in settlement of a claim against any such Person. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of
any other rights of indemnification to which such Persons may be entitled under the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation or by-laws, each as may be amended from time to time, as a matter of
law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 

(j) Payments Following Accidents or Illness. If the Committee shall find that any Person to whom any amount
is payable under the Plan is unable to care for his or her affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such Person or his or her estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed
legal representative) may, if the Committee so directs the Company, be paid to his or her spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such Person, or any other Person deemed by the Committee to be a proper recipient on
behalf of such Person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor. 

(k) Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of State of
Maryland, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 

(l) Electronic Delivery. Any
reference herein to a written agreement or document or writing will include any agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Companys intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled or
authorized by the Company to which the Participant has access) to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

(m) Arbitration. All disputes and claims of any nature that a Participant (or such Participants
transferee or estate) may have against the Company arising out of or in any way related to the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be submitted to and resolved exclusively by binding arbitration conducted in New York, New York (or such other location
as the parties thereto may agree) in accordance with the applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect, and the arbitration shall be heard and determined by a panel of three arbitrators in accordance with such
rules (except that in the event of any inconsistency between such rules and this Section 20(m), the provisions of this Section 20(n) shall control). The arbitration panel may not modify the arbitration rules specified
above without the prior written approval of all parties to the arbitration. Within ten business days after the receipt of a written demand, each party shall designate one arbitrator, each of whom shall have experience involving complex business or
legal matters, but shall not have any prior, existing, or potential material business relationship with any party to the arbitration. The two arbitrators so designated shall select a third arbitrator, who shall preside over the arbitration, shall be
similarly qualified as the two arbitrators, and shall have no prior, existing or potential material business relationship with any party to the arbitration; provided that if the two arbitrators are unable to agree upon the selection of
such third arbitrator, such third arbitrator shall be designated in accordance with the arbitration rules referred to above. The arbitrators will decide the dispute by majority decision, and the decision shall be rendered in writing and shall
bear the signatures of the arbitrators and the party or parties who shall be charged therewith, or 

18 

the allocation of the expenses among the parties in the discretion of the panel. The arbitration decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but in any event not later than 120 days after the
constitution of the arbitration panel. The arbitration decision shall be final and binding upon all parties to the arbitration. The parties hereto agree that judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitration panel may be entered in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York or any New York state court sitting in the State of New York. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the parties hereby irrevocably waive any right of appeal from any judgment rendered
upon any such arbitration award in any such court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party may seek injunctive relief in any such court. 

(n) Statute of Limitations. A Participant or any other person filing a claim for benefits under the Plan must
file the claim within one year of the date the Participant or other person knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the claim. This one-year statute of limitations will apply in any forum
where a Participant or any other person may file a claim and, unless the Company waives the time limits set forth above in its sole discretion, any claim not brought within the time periods specified shall be waived and forever barred. 

(o) Funding. No provision of the Plan shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any
obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company be required to maintain separate bank accounts, books, records,
or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors of the Company, except that insofar as
they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other employees and service providers under general law. 

(p) Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of the Board shall be fully justified
in relying, acting, or failing to act, and shall not be liable for having so relied, acted, or failed to act in good faith, upon any report made by the independent public accountant of the Company and its Affiliates and upon any other information
furnished in connection with the Plan by any Person or Persons other than such member. 

(q) Titles and
Headings. The titles and headings of the sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. 

***** 

ADOPTEDBYTHE BOARDOF DIRECTORS: DECEMBER 17, 2024 

APPROVEDBYTHE STOCKHOLDERS: DECEMBER 17, 2024 

TERMINATION DATE: DECEMBER 17, 2034 

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d760441dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Lennar Completes Spin-off of Millrose Properties 

MIAMI, February 7, 2025 Lennar Corporation (NYSE: LEN and LEN.B, Lennar), one of the nations leading homebuilders, and
Millrose Properties, Inc. (NYSE: MRP, Millrose), a first-of-its-kind homesite option purchase platform,
jointly announced today that they have successfully completed the previously announced taxable spin-off (the Spin-Off) of Millrose from Lennar through a
distribution of approximately 80% of Millroses stock to Lennars stockholders (the Distribution). Prior to the open of trading on the New York Stock Exchange today, each holder of Lennar Class A or Class B common
stock as of the close of business on January 21, 2025, the record date of the Spin-Off, received one share of Millrose Class A common stock, unless the holder elected to receive one share of Millrose
Class B common stock, for each two shares of Lennar Class A or Class B common stock. Fractional shares of Millrose Class A common stock will be aggregated and sold in the public market with proceeds distributed pro-rata to Lennar stockholders who would have been entitled to receive fractional shares of Millrose Class A common stock. Fractional shares of Millrose Class B common stock will be rounded down. 

As of today, Millrose is an independent publicly traded company and will begin regular-way trading on the
NYSE under the symbol MRP. 

As a result of the Distribution and the elections made by Lennar stockholders in connection with the Distribution,
there are currently 120,980,401 shares of Millrose Class A common stock outstanding and 11,819,811 shares of Millrose Class B common stock outstanding distributed to Lennar stockholders (representing approximately 80% of the total
outstanding shares of Millrose common stock). Lennar will temporarily retain and not vote 33,200,053 shares of Millrose Class A common stock (representing approximately 20% of the total outstanding shares of Millrose common stock), which it
expects to dispose of through a subsequent spin-off,split-off, public offering, private sale or any combination of these potential transactions. As of the date of the
Distribution, there are 154,180,454 total outstanding shares of Millrose Class A common stock and 11,819,811 total outstanding shares of Millrose Class B common stock (166,000,265 total shares outstanding in the aggregate). 

Millrose engages in land purchases, horizontal development and homesite option purchase arrangements for Lennar and potentially other homebuilders and
developers. In connection with the Spin-Off, Lennar has contributed $5.5 billion in land assets and cash of $1.0 billion. After giving effect to the Spin-Off
(net of upfront option deposits from Lennar and third-party transaction costs), Millroses book value of equity is approximately $5.8 billion as of December 31, 2024. Following the Distribution, Millrose will have availability of
approximately $1.3 billion under its revolving credit facility, which may be increased to $2.0 billion if additional lender commitments are obtained in the future. Millrose intends to elect and qualify to be treated as a real estate
investment trust (REIT) for federal income tax purposes. 

The Spin-Off transaction accelerates Lennars longstanding
strategy of becoming a pure-play, asset-light, new home manufacturing company. 

Stuart Miller, Executive Chairman and
Co-Chief Executive Officer of Lennar, said, With todays successful launch of Millrose Properties, we are very excited to advance Lennars strategy of becoming a pure-play land-light
manufacturer of homes. The spin-off of Millrose Properties is a significant milestone for Lennar and the industry, and we look forward to the Millrose team building a Lennar solution, as well as an entire
industry solution, and creating an exceptional, land banking platform that will drive accretive yield growth as it expands. 

Millrose is externally
managed by Kennedy Lewis Land and Residential Advisors LLC (Kennedy Lewis), an affiliate of Kennedy Lewis Investment Management, an institutional alternative investment firm with over $25 billion in assets under management. 

Darren Richman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Millrose Properties, Inc., said, We are excited to operate Millrose in its mission to
facilitate the creation of high-quality residential communities by leveraging our financial expertise and industry relationships. Given our already existing robust backlog of industry assets, we expect to immediately begin the process of executing
and closing accretive third-party deals. 

Kennedy Lewis provides Millrose access to Kennedy Lewis deep financial expertise, extensive
operational platforms and strong homebuilder relationships. Immediately following the Spin-Off, Kennedy Lewis will leverage its full resources to deliver its already robust backlog of deals and to pursue
accretive homesite option purchase arrangements with other third-party homebuilders and developers throughout the industry. Kennedy Lewis is currently actively evaluating these potential transactions for suitability for Millrose using its standard
due diligence procedures and expects to have one or more of such transactions under contract by the time Millrose announces its financial results for the first quarter of 2025. Millrose expects to utilize its revolving credit facility to finance
these transactions. 

Vestra Advisors LLC, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are serving as financial
advisors to Lennar. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Goodwin Procter LLP are serving as legal counsel to Lennar. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Venable LLP are serving as legal
counsel to the standalone Millrose business. Davis Polk & Wardell LLP is serving as legal counsel for Lennars financial advisors. 

Introduction to Millrose Properties, Inc.

Millrose purchases and develops residential land and sells finished homesites back to Lennar and potentially other homebuilders by way of option contracts with
predetermined costs and takedown schedules. While Lennar is currently Millroses only customer, Millrose anticipates that its first of its kind public vehicle will be attractive to other homebuilders seeking to implement an
asset-light strategy and believes that becoming a capital source for other homebuilders will provide for accretive growth to the Millrose platform. 

Millroses assets perform more like
work-in-process inventory versus traditional land bank assets, with limited entitlement and development risk, and scheduled takedowns that allow homebuilders to purchase
finished homesites just in time for home construction. As fully developed homesites are acquired, capital is recycled into future land acquisitions for Lennar and potentially other homebuilders, providing each customer with uninterrupted access to
capital. Millrose expects to generate recurring income from monthly option payments pursuant to purchase option contracts with Lennar (the Lennar Agreements) and potentially other homebuilders. 

Lennars Acceleration of its Land-Light Strategy 

Since 2013, Lennar has been pursuing an asset-light, land-light strategy to increase strategic flexibility, improve production efficiencies and enhance
shareholder value. Over the years, Lennar has undergone a significant transformation in its land strategy by utilizing off-balance sheet vehicles to acquire homesites. It has developed and refined its Homesite
Option Purchase Platform (the HOPPR), a comprehensive suite of systems and processes used to operate and manage the large-scale acquisition, financing, and development of land assets, as it migrates towards a just in
time delivery model of fully developed homesites. This strategic shift has allowed Lennar to successfully reduce its supply of owned homesites and significantly increase the percentage of controlled homesites from 19% as of the end of 2013 to
82% as of the end of 2024. 

Key Transaction Highlights: 

Creates a new, long-lasting, public capital recycling, finished homesite program that reduces on-balance sheet land and development at a lower cost than existing land banks in the private markets. 

Lennar will now focus exclusively on
just-in-time, asset-light home production. 

The Spin-Off enhances Lennars ability over time to reallocate cash
flow from on-balance sheet land acquisition and development spend towards capital allocation and shareholder distributions. 

Lennars return profile is expected to be significantly improved by increasing its cash flow conversion and
return on equity. 

A first of its kind transaction, the creation of a recycled land capital vehicle as a separate public company
reinforces Lennars position as a leading innovator in the housing ecosystem. 

About Lennar 

Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nations leading builders of quality homes for all generations. Lennar builds affordable, move-up and active adult homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennars Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title and closing services primarily for buyers of Lennars homes and,
through LMF Commercial, originates mortgage loans secured primarily by commercial real estate properties throughout the United States. Lennars Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties.
LENX drives Lennars technology, innovation and strategic investments. 

About Millrose 

Millrose is an independent, publicly traded company that engages, through its subsidiaries, in land purchases, horizontal development and homesite option
purchase arrangements, for Lennar, certain entities with which Lennar has a business relationship or in which Lennar has an ownership interest, and potentially other homebuilders and developers. 

Forward-looking Statements 

This press release
contains forward-looking statements, including, in particular, statements about Lennars and Millroses businesses, plans, strategies and objectives following the Spin-Off, including the value of
Lennars land assets contributed to Millrose, Millroses qualification as a REIT, the anticipated benefits of the Spin-Off and Lennars expected return profile, the Millrose Class A common
stock temporarily retained by Lennar and the ability of Millrose to sign and close on potential transactions with third-party homebuilders and developers in the timeline indicated. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of
forward-looking terminology such as may, can, shall, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue or other
similar words or the negatives thereof. Assumptions relating to these statements involve judgments with respect to, among other things, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to
accurately predict and many of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, and our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from that
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>mrp-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>mrp-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>mrp-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0002017206

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Millrose Properties, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 001-42476

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-2056892

Entity Address, Address Line One 600 Brickell Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1400

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33131

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 782-3841

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol MRP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250206/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d760441d8k.htm 
mrp-20250206.xsd 
mrp-20250206_lab.xml 
mrp-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-022336-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>d760441d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002017206 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

false 
0002017206 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
Millrose Properties, Inc. 
MD 
001-42476 
99-2056892 
600 Brickell Avenue 
Suite 1400 
Miami 
FL 
33131 
212 
782-3841 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
MRP 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>