<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-006009.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-006009.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424162720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-006009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250423
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ensysce Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001716947
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				822755287
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38306
		FILM NUMBER:		25867713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7946 IVANHOE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 263-4196

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7946 IVANHOE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Leisure Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170913
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171694700017169472025-04-232025-04-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 23, 2025 (April 24, 2025)

Ensysce Biosciences,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38306 82-2755287

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

7946 Ivanhoe Avenue, Suite 201

La Jolla, California 92037

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(858)263-4196

Registrants telephone number, including area
code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ENSC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into a
Material Definitive Agreement

On April 23, 2025, Ensysce
Biosciences, Inc. (the Company or we) entered into inducement offer letter agreements
(the Inducement Agreements) with certain warrant holders for the exercise of certain outstanding warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of 630,376 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock). The warrants were issued in March 2025 and have an exercise price of $3.24 per share. The shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of such outstanding warrants are registered pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-286580).

In a concurrent private
placement, in consideration for the immediate exercise of the warrants for cash and the payment of an additional $0.125 per new unregistered
warrant (an additional $157,594.00 in the aggregate, which is included in the gross proceeds to the Company), pursuant to the Inducement
Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell unregistered warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The new warrants (the Common
Warrants) are exercisable for an aggregate of up to 1,260,752 shares of common stock (the Private
Placement and, together with the Inducement Agreements, the Offerings). The Common Warrants
have an exercise price of $1.90 per share and are immediately exercisable for shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares).
One half of the Common Warrants will expire after eighteen (18) months and the other half will expire after five (5) years. The Common
Warrants contain customary anti-dilution adjustments to the exercise price, including for share splits, share dividends, rights offering
and pro rata distributions. The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the warrants and payment for Common Warrants are expected
to be approximately $2.2 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The closing of the Offerings
occurred on April 24, 2025.

A holder of a Common Warrant
will not have the right to exercise any portion of its warrants if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in
excess of 4.99% (or 9.99% at the election of the holder prior to the date of issuance) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, however,
that upon 61 days prior notice to the Company, the holder may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided
that in no event shall the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed 9.99%.

The Company has agreed to
file a registration statement providing for the resale of the shares issuable upon the exercise of the Common Warrants and warrants issued
to its placement agent within thirty days after the closing date. Pursuant to the Inducement Letter, the Company agreed not to issue any
shares of common stock or common stock equivalents or to file any other registration statement with the Commission (in each case, subject
to certain exceptions) until 30 days after the closing date.

The Company currently intends
to use the net proceeds from the Offerings, estimated to be approximately $1.9 million, for continued development of its TAAPTM
and MPAR programs and for working capital.

H.C. Wainwright & Co.,
LLC (Placement Agent) acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offerings under an Engagement
Letter, dated August 23, 2024 and subsequently amended, between the Company and the Placement Agent (the Engagement Letter).
Pursuant to the Engagement Letter, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7% of the aggregate gross proceed
of the Offerings. The Company also agreed to pay the Placement Agent $35,000 for non-accountable expenses, up to $50,000 for accountable
expenses and $15,950 for a clearing agent fee. We issued warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to purchase
up to 44,126 shares of Common Stock to the Placement Agent (including its designees). These warrants have an exercise price equal to $4.05
per share and are exercisable for five years from the closing of the Offerings. The Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants and the
shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants are not being registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), but are being offered pursuant to the exemption
provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

2

The Company agreed to indemnify
the Placement Agent against certain liabilities relating to or arising out of the Placement Agents activities under the Engagement
Letter and to contribute to payments that the Placement Agent may be required to make in respect of such liabilities.

The closing of the Inducement
Agreement and the Private Placement was subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions set forth in the Inducement Agreement.
The form of Inducement Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors and stockholders
with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other information about the parties to the Inducement Agreement
or any of their respective affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants in the Inducement Agreement were made only for the
purposes of such agreement and as of specified date, were solely for the benefit of the parties to that agreement and may be subject
to limitations agreed upon by the parties. The representations and warranties may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual
risk between the parties to the Inducement Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts and may be subject to standards of
materiality applicable to the parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under
the Inducement Agreement. Accordingly, the representations, warranties and covenants may not accurately represent the current state of
the Companys affairs at any time.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Inducement Agreement, the Common Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of the agreements, copies of which (or forms thereof) are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K about the Inducement Agreement and Private Placement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based
in part upon the representations of the Investors in the Inducement Agreements, the offering and sale of the Common Warrants is exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Rule
506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws.
The sale of the Common Warrants by the Company in the Inducement Agreement and Private Placement and the Placement Agent Warrants has
not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and the Securities may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration with the Commission or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. The sale of such securities
did not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. In the Purchase Agreement, each Investor
represented, among other things, that it is and, on each date on which it exercises any Common Warrants, will be either (i) an accredited
investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act, and it is acquiring the Common Warrants for investment purposes only and not with
a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition of the Common Warrants in violation of the United States federal securities laws.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 23, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the Inducement Agreement and the Private Placement. The full text of the press release is attached as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Common Warrant

4.2 Form of Private Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Form of Inducement Letter Agreement

99.1 Press Release dated April 23, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: April 24, 2025

Ensysce Biosciences, Inc.

By: /s/ Lynn Kirkpatrick

Name: Dr. Lynn Kirkpatrick

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES
[A-7][A-8] COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ENSYSCE
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [_____] Initial
Exercise Date: ______, 2025

THIS
SERIES [A-7][A-8] COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on _____1 (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Ensysce Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to
adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under
this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1Series A-7 Warrants: Insert the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that,
if such date is not a Trading Day, insert the immediately following Trading Day.

Series
A-8 Warrants: Insert the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that, if such date is
not a Trading Day, insert the immediately following Trading Day.

1

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Letter
Agreement means that certain letter agreement between the initial Holder hereof and the Company, dated as of April 23, 2025,
pursuant to which such initial Holder agreed to exercise one or more warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and the Company agreed
to issue to the initial Holder this Warrant.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company required to be listed pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1
State Street 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Letter Agreement.

2

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank,
in either case in immediately available funds, unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in
the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the
purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time
may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.90, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole
or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading
Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at
the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with
the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

3

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading
on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (the
Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Companys transfer agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to
apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if the Company, at any time while
this Warrant is outstanding, grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall terminate on, and shall not be held in abeyance for any period subsequent
to the Termination Date.

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall terminate on, and shall not be
held in abeyance for any period subsequent to the Termination Date.

7

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than for the purpose
of changing the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii)
the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below)
shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from
the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised
portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the
Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors,
the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in
the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders
of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock
or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not
offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common
stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from
the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing
purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between
the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected
volatility equal to the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C)
the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the
value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, and (D) a remaining option time equal to
the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the Letter Agreement in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the Letter Agreement referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the Letter Agreement with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

8

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws and the conditions set
forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Company to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

10

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

11

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant and the Letter Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 7946 Ivanhoe Avenue, Suite 201, La Jolla, California 92037, Attention: Chief Executive
Officer, email address: lkirkpatrick@ensysce.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes
by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be
in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder
at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

o)
Electronic Signatures. Electronically scanned and transmitted signatures, including by email attachment, shall be deemed originals
for all purposes of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ENSYSCE
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
ENSYSCE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _______ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: ____________________________ 

Holders
Address: ____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ENSYSCE
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Initial Exercise Date: April 24, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on April 24, 2030 (the
Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Ensysce Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in
Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Engagement Agreement, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright &
Co., LLC, dated as of August 23, 2024, as amended on March 12, 2025 (the Engagement Agreement).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

1

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Letter Agreement
means that certain letter agreement between the signatory thereof and the Company, dated as of April 23, 2025, pursuant to which such
signatory agreed to exercise one or more warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and the Company agreed to issue to such signatory
New Warrants as defined therein.

Person means
an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company required to be listed pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street 30th
Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Engagement Agreement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank,
in either case in immediately available funds, unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in
the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the
purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time
may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.05, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

3

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either
(y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market (the
OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and
if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (the Pink Market)
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are
issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant. The Company agrees not to take
any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Companys transfer agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting
the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale
by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii)
one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant
Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such
Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a
transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

5

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the
provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the
Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm
otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the
Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the
Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the
shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company
was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and
equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its
exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of
$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise
to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay
the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of
the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the
Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of
the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for
same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the
Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the
limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by
the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if the Company, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other
property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the
Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale
of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase
Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to
such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall
terminate on, and shall not be held in abeyance for any period subsequent to the Termination Date.

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a
dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a
Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be
entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is
taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in
abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall terminate on, and shall not be held in abeyance for any
period subsequent to the Termination Date.

8

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than for the purpose of changing
the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii) the
Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of
Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by
the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the
Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such
other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate
Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If
holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction the
Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with,
or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the
Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the
Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of
the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether
the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any
consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the
Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained
from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the
time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a
365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being
offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, and
(D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the
Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant and the Letter Agreement in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of
Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares
of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose
of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which
is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the
Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the Letter Agreement referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and
severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and
power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
prior thereto under this Warrant and the Letter Agreement with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or
Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be
entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized
shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial
Exercise Date.

9

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the
sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is
converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the
Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be
determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or
in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d)
hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or
in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds
sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this
Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on
which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of
this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current
public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the
Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the
Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any
exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the
Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if
mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

12

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares
to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

13

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or
with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall
commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does
not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant and the Engagement Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be
sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of
appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its
rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 7946 Ivanhoe Avenue, Suite 201, La Jolla, California 92037, Attention: Chief Executive
Officer, email address: lkirkpatrick@ensysce.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such
purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder
shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to
each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or
communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the
e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice
provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

14

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of
Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Holder, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

o) Electronic
Signatures. Electronically scanned and transmitted signatures, including by email attachment, shall be deemed originals for
all purposes of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ENSYSCE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:
ENSYSCE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of
the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: ______________________________________

(Please Print)

Address: ______________________________________

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:_________________________ 

Holders Address:__________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ENSYSCE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

April 23, 2025

Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Re: Inducement Offer to Exercise Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Dear Holder:

Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. (the
Company) is pleased to offer to you (Holder, you or similar terminology)
(i) the opportunity to receive new warrants to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), in consideration for exercising by you for cash all of the warrants set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Existing
Warrants) at the current Exercise Price (as defined in the respective Existing Warrants) of $3.24 per share, as set forth on
the signature page hereto. The resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants (the Existing Warrant Shares)
has been registered pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-286580) (the Registration Statement).
The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement, will
be effective for the resale of the Existing Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the New Warrants (as defined herein).

In consideration for the exercise
in full for cash all of the Existing Warrants held by the Holder at the current Exercise Price of $3.24 as set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise) on or before the Execution Time (as defined below) and the payment by
the Holder on the Closing Date (as defined herein) of $0.125 per New Warrant (the New Warrant Consideration), the
Company hereby offers to sell and issue you (i) new unregistered Series A-7 Common Stock purchase warrants (the Series A-7 New
Warrants) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock (the Series A-7 New Warrant Shares) equal to 100% of the number of Warrant
Shares issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise hereunder and (ii) new unregistered Series A-8 Common Stock purchase warrants (the Series
A-8 New Warrants and, collectively with the Series A-7 New Warrants, the New Warrants) pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock (the Series A-8 New Warrant Shares
and, collectively with the Series A-7 New Warrant Shares, the New Warrant Shares) equal to 100% of the number of
Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the Warrant Exercise hereunder. The Series A-7 New Warrants shall have an exercise price per share equal
to $1.90, subject to adjustment as provided therein, will be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise of eighteen (18) months,
which Series A-7 New Warrants shall be substantially in the form as set forth in Exhibit A-1 hereto. The Series A-8 New Warrants
shall have an exercise price per share equal to $1.90, subject to adjustment as provided therein, will be exercisable immediately and
have a term of exercise of five (5) years, which Series A-8 New Warrants shall be substantially in the form as set forth in Exhibit
A-1 hereto.

The New Warrant certificate(s)
will be delivered at Closing (as defined below), and such New Warrants, together with any underlying shares of Common Stock issued upon
exercise of the New Warrants, will, unless and until their sales are registered under the Securities Act, contain customary restrictive
legends and other language typical for an unregistered warrant and unregistered shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in the event that any Warrant Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed the beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants (or, if applicable and at the Holders election,
9.99%), the Company shall only issue such number of Existing Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the
maximum number of Warrant Shares permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be held in abeyance until notice
from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced
through the Existing Warrants which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the cash payment in full of the exercise price), and
exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrants (provided no additional exercise price shall be due and payable).
The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation for purposes of the Existing Warrants is as set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto.

Expressly subject to the paragraph
immediately following this paragraph below, Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter agreement below, with such acceptance
constituting Holders exercise in full of the Existing Warrants for an aggregate exercise price set forth on the Holders
signature page hereto (the Warrant Exercise Price) on or before 3:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 23, 2025 (the Execution
Time).

Additionally, the Company agrees
to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A attached hereto. Holder represents and warrants that, as
of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be, an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends
when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered
under the Securities Act, except as provided in Annex A attached hereto. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring
the New Warrants as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to
distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Warrants or the New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders
right to sell the New Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

The Holder understands that issuance
of the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws
of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to the
following:

THE OFFER AND
SALE OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN
RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY,
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

Certificates evidencing the New
Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth above), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale
of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the
New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144
as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule
144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act
(including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a
legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required by the Company and/or the Transfer Agent to effect the
removal of the legend hereunder, or at the request of the Holder, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Holder. From and after the Delegend Date, such New Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following
the Delegend Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section, it will, no later than one (1) Trading Day
following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued
with a restrictive legend, along with such certificate(s) or other documentation reasonably requested by the Companys counsel and/or
the Transfer Agent, including a customary representation letter, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Companys counsel
and/or the Transfer Agent (such first (1st) Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to
be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends or, at the request
of the Holder shall credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the
Holder.

In addition to the Holders
other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of New Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such New Warrant Shares are submitted to the Transfer
Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after
such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend
and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate
representing the New Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Holder
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all
or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of
the number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount
equal to the excess of the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) over the product
of (A) such number of New Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date and for which
the Holder was required to purchase shares to timely satisfy delivery requirements, multiplied by (B) the weighted average price at which
the Holder sold that number of shares of Common Stock.

If this offer is accepted and
the transaction documents are executed by the Execution Time, then as promptly as possible following the Execution Time, but in any event
no later than 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day following the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission disclosing
all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the filing with the Commission of this letter agreement as an
exhibit thereto within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the dissemination of such press release, the Company represents
to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company, or any of its respective
officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the dissemination
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates on the one hand, and you and your Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company represents, warrants and covenants
that, upon acceptance of this offer, the Warrant Shares shall be issued at Closing free of any legends or restrictions on resale by Holder.

No later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date of the public disclosure of the transactions hereunder, the closing (Closing) shall
occur at such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement
Agent), settlement of the Warrant Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e.,
on the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue the Warrant Shares registered in the Holders name and address provided
to the Company in writing and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by the Holder;
upon receipt of such Warrant Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Warrant Shares to the Holder, and
payment therefor shall concurrently be made to the Company by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).
The date of the Closing of the Warrant Exercise shall be referred to as the Closing Date.

The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the obligations of the Holders under this letter agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other holder or
holders of Existing Warrants or other warrants of the Company (each, an Other Holder) under any other agreement related
to the exercise of such warrants (Other Warrant Exercise Agreement), and the Holder shall not be responsible in any
way for the performance of the obligations of any Other Holder or under any such Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. Nothing contained in
this letter agreement, and no action taken by the Holders pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holder and the Other Holders
as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Holder and the Other Holders
are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement
and the Company acknowledges that the Holder and the Other Holders are not acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations
or the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement or any Other Warrant Exercise Agreement. The Company and the Holder confirm
that the Holder has independently participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel
and advisors. The Holder shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights
arising out of this letter agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any Other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding
for such purpose.

The Company hereby represents
and warrants as of the date hereof and covenants and agrees from and after the date hereof until six months after the date hereof, that
none of the terms offered to any Other Holder with respect to any Other Warrant Exercise Agreement (or any amendment, modification or
waiver thereof) relating to warrants that were sold concurrently with the Existing Warrants, is or will be more favorable to such Other
Holder than those of the Holder and this letter agreement unless such terms are concurrently offered to the Holder. If, and whenever on
or after the date hereof until six months after the date hereof, the Company enters into an Other Warrant Exercise Agreement relating
to warrants that were sold concurrently with the Existing Warrants, then (i) the Company shall provide notice thereof to the Holder promptly
following the occurrence thereof and (ii) the terms and conditions of this letter agreement shall be, without any further action by the
Holder or the Company, automatically amended and modified in an economically and legally equivalent manner such that the Holder shall
receive the benefit of the more favorable terms and/or conditions (as the case may be) set forth in such Other Warrant Exercise Agreement
(including the issuance of additional Warrant Shares), provided that upon written notice to the Company at any time the Holder may elect
not to accept the benefit of any such amended or modified term or condition, in which event the term or condition contained in this letter
agreement shall apply to the Holder as it was in effect immediately prior to such amendment or modification as if such amendment or modification
never occurred with respect to the Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply similarly and equally to each such Other Warrant
Exercise Agreement.

The Company shall pay all transfer
agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Existing Warrant Shares. This letter
agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of laws principles.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby.

Each Holder hereby agrees to amend
Section 4.11(a) of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2025 (the Prior SPA), to explicitly
permit the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement under the terms of the Prior SPA.

Sincerely yours,

ENSYSCE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: /s/
David Humphrey

Name: David Humphrey

Title: CFO

[Holder Signature Page Follows]

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Number of Existing Warrants: __________________

Aggregate Warrant Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously
with signing this letter agreement: _________________

Aggregate New Warrant Consideration: $_______ ($0.125
per New Warrant)

Existing
Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99%
or 9.99%

New Warrants: _______________ (200% of the total Existing
Warrants being exercised)

New
Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99%
or 9.99%

DTC Instructions:

[Holder signature page to ENSC Inducement Offer]

Annex A

Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder:

a) SEC Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently an issuer identified in Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection herewith. This letter agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this letter agreement.

d) Registration Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 30 calendar days of the date of this letter agreement) (the Filing Date), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1, if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares and Placement Agent Warrants (as defined below) by the holders of the New Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants (subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110) (the Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following the date hereof (or within 90 calendar days following the date hereof in case of full review of such registration statement by the Commission) (the Effectiveness Date) and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no holder of the New Warrants owns any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares. In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii) declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date, then, in addition to any other rights the holders of New Warrants may have hereunder or under applicable law, on the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event Date) and on each monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or declared effective by the applicable Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company shall pay to each holder of New Warrants an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the aggregate exercise price of the New Warrants held by each holder of the New Warrants. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the holders of the New Warrants, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the Resale Registration Statement being filed or declared effective, as the case may be.

e) Trading Market. The transactions contemplated under this letter agreement comply with all the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

f) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this letter agreement, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to this letter agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws.

g) Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

h) 

Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i) From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date,
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (A) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (B) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement to any existing
registration statement (other than (w) the Resale Registration Statement referred to herein, (x) a registration statement on Form S-8
in connection with any employee benefit plan, (y) pursuant to requirements under existing agreements to maintain information current in
effective registration statements for the resale of warrants or common stock issued upon exercise of warrants, or (z) a registration statement
and any amendments or supplements thereto for the resale of shares of Common Stock issued or to be issued to Galephar Pharmaceutical Research,
Inc. and Hector Feliciano or his affiliate in connection with the Product Development and Commercial Manufacturing Supply Master Services
Agreement entered into with the Company, dated as of January 12, 2025 (the Galephar Agreement)). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section (h)(i) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance
of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company pursuant to any stock or option
plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of
a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, provided that such shares of
Common Stock or options issued to consultants of the Company are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in this Section (h)(i), (b) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this letter agreement
(the Placement Agent Warrants) and any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants and the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this letter agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this letter agreement to increase the number of such securities
or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or
combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved
by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the prohibition period in this Section (h)(i), and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the
equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, it being
agreed that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to Galephar Pharmaceutical Research, Inc. and Hector Feliciano or his affiliate in
connection with the Galephar Agreement so qualifies (provided that the Galephar Agreement has not been amended since the date of this
Agreement to increase the number of such shares or to decrease the purchase price or exchange price of such shares (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations)), but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. Person means an individual
or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock
company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind, for purposes of this Section (h)(i).

(ii) From the date hereof until five (5) months following the Closing Date,
the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company nor any Subsidiary
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or
(ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such
agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however,
that, following the expiration of the restrictive period set forth in Section (h)(i) above, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of
Common Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction.
The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition
to any right to collect damages.

j) Form D; Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Holder. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Holder.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Ensysce
Biosciences, Inc. Announces Exercise of 

Warrants
for $2.2 Million Gross Proceeds

SAN
DIEGO, CA / ACCESSWIRE / April 23, 2025 / Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: ENSC) (the Company), a clinical-stage
pharmaceutical company developing innovative solutions for severe pain relief while reducing the potential for opioid abuse and overdose,
today announced the entry into definitive agreements for the immediate exercise of certain outstanding warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 630,376 shares of common stock of the Company originally issued in March 2025, having an exercise price of $3.24 per share.
The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are registered pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form
S-3 (No. 333-286580). The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the warrants are expected to be approximately $2.2 million,
prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses.

H.C.
Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

In
consideration for the immediate exercise of the warrants for cash and the payment of additional $0.125 per new unregistered warrant (additional
$157,594.00 in the aggregate, which are included in the gross proceeds to the Company), the Company will issue new unregistered warrants
to purchase shares of common stock. The new warrants will be exercisable for an aggregate of up to 1,260,752 shares of common stock,
at an exercise price of $1.90 per share and will be immediately exercisable upon issuance. 630,376 of the new warrants will have a term
of eighteen months from the issuance date, and 630,376 of the new warrants will have a term of five years from the issuance date.

The
offering is expected to close on or about April 24, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company currently
intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for continued development of its TAAPTM and MPAR programs and for working
capital.

The
new warrants described above were offered in a private placement pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) and, along with the shares of common stock issuable upon their
exercise, have not been registered under the 1933 Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The Company has
agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
new warrants.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. 

Ensysce
Biosciences is a clinical-stage company with a goal of disrupting the analgesic landscape by introducing a new class of highly novel
opioids for the treatment of severe pain. Leveraging its Trypsin-Activated Abuse Protection (TAAPTM) and Multi-Pill Abuse
Resistance (MPAR) platforms, the Company is developing unique, tamper-proof treatment options for pain that minimize the risk of
both drug abuse and overdose. Ensysces products are anticipated to provide safer options to treat patients suffering from severe
pain and assist in preventing deaths caused by medication abuse. For more information, please visit www.ensysce.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
release includes forward-looking statements, including statements relating to the registered direct offering, the concurrent
private placement and the use of proceeds therefrom. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
many of which are not under the Companys control, such as market and other conditions. All statements, except for statements of
historical fact, made in this release regarding activities, events or developments the Company expects, believes or anticipates will
or may occur in the future, such as statements regarding the consummation of the offering, the satisfaction of closing conditions and
the use of proceeds from the offering, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. Although the Company
believes that the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there
is no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially
differ from what is expressed, implied or forecasted in such statements. Except as required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any
obligation to and does not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. The Company cautions you that these forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to certain risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond
the Companys control. These risks include the risks described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Investor
Contact 

Ensysce
Biosciences Company Contact:

Lynn
Kirkpatrick, Ph.D.

Chief
Executive Officer

(858)
263-4196

Ensysce
Biosciences Investor Relations Contact:

MZ
Group North America

Shannon
Devine

203-741-8811

ENSC@mzgroup.us
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ensc-20250423.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ensc-20250423_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ensc-20250423_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38306

Entity Registrant Name Ensysce Biosciences,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001716947

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-2755287

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7946 Ivanhoe Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 201

Entity Address, City or Town La Jolla

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92037

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 263-4196

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ENSC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ensysce.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ensc-20250423.xsd 
ensc-20250423_lab.xml 
ensc-20250423_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-006009-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001716947 

2025-04-23 
2025-04-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001716947 
8-K 
2025-04-23 
Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. 
DE 
001-38306 
82-2755287 
7946 Ivanhoe Avenue 
Suite 201 
La Jolla 
CA 
92037 
(858) 
263-4196 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ENSC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>