<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-010079.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-010079.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204161503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-010079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028614
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42467
		FILM NUMBER:		25588360

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 PELICAN DR.
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-870-3104

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 PELICAN DR.
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229853-8k_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

Form
8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January
29, 2025

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Drugs
Made In America Acquisition Corp.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman
Islands 001-42467 99-2394788

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1
East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort
Lauderdale, FL 33301

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (954) 870-3099

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of
one Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one Right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an Ordinary Share DMAAU The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Ordinary Shares DMAA The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Rights DMAAR The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
8.01. Other Events.

As
previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2025, Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company)
consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 20,000,000 units (the Units). Each Unit consists of
one ordinary share (Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company
of $200,000,000.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement) in which Drugs Made
In America Acquisition LLC, the Companys sponsor, purchased 400,000 private units at a price of $10.00 per unit, for
$4,000,000, of which $1,100,000 has not yet been received and is accounted for as a subscription receivable in the attached balance sheet.

As
of January 29, 2025, a total of $201,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

99.1 Balance Sheet dated January 29, 2025

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 4, 2025

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn
Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022985301ex99-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BALANCE SHEET DATED JANUARY 29, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Financial
Statement of Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.: Page

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 206) F-2

Balance
Sheet as of January 29, 2025 F-3

Notes
to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

Opinion
on the Financial Statement

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of January 29,
2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement
presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 29, 2025, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going
Concern Matter

The
accompanying financial statement has been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1
to the financial statement, the Companys business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within a prescribed
period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

This
financial statement is the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys
financial statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP

www.malonebailey.com

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2024

Houston,
Texas

February
4, 2025

F-2

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEET

JANUARY
29, 2025

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash $ 1,138 

Total Current Assets 1,138 

Cash held in trust account 201,000,000 

Total Assets $ 201,001,138 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs $ 150,581 

Accrued expenses 1,900 

Promissory note - related party 98,898 

Overallotment liability 305,179 

Total Current Liabilities 556,558 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 6,000,000 

Total Liabilities 6,556,558 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 20,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per share 201,000,000 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 220,000,000 shares authorized; 10,457,143 shares issued and outstanding, excluding 20,000,000 shares subject to redemption(1) 1,046 

Subscription Receivable (1,100,000 )

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (5,456,466 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (6,555,420 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit $ 201,001,138 

(1) Includes
an aggregate of up to 1,285,714 ordinary shares subject to surrender and forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in
full by the underwriters (Note 5).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.

F-3

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Drugs
Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) is a blank check company newly incorporated in the Cayman Islands on May 23,
2024. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company
has not selected any Business Combination target and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination.

Although
the Company may acquire a business in any industry, it intends to focus on companies in the pharmaceutical industry. The Company is an
early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging
growth companies.

As
of January 29, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from May 23, 2024 (inception) through
January 29, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (Initial Public Offering), which
is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The
registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 7, 2025 and the post-effective
amendment to the registration statement was declared effective on January 27, 2025. On January 29, 2025, the Company consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares) at $10.00 per Unit, generating proceeds of $200,000,000, which is described in Note 3.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 400,000 units (the Private Placement
Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC (the
Sponsor), for $4,000,000, of which $1,100,000 has not yet been received and is noted as a subscription receivable on
the balance sheet, including such amounts, $1,100,000, which may be converted from the amounts advanced to the Company under the Subscription
Promissory Note as described in Note 5. 

Transaction
costs amounted to $7,848,201 consisting of $1,000,000 of cash underwriting fees, $6,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $848,201
of other offering costs.

The
Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable
on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 29, 2025, an amount of $201,000,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (Trust
Account), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations and/or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts),
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public
Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial
business combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within
the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below.

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to
redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a
shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The
Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account
(initially $10.05 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no
redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Companys rights. The Public Shares
subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

F-4

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.)

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a Public Shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company.

The
Initial Shareholders and the Companys officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which they have
agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares, private shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholders vote to amend the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares and private shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period). If the Company submits
the initial Business Combination to the public shareholders for a vote, the initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed
(and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement, to vote any shares held by them in favor of
the initial Business Combination.

The
underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will
be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the
event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than
the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).

The
Company will have until 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination. However, if
the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing the Initial Public Offering,
the time period to complete an initial Business Combination can be extended without shareholder approval up to two times, each by an
additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete an initial Business Combination) (the Combination
Period), subject to the Sponsor depositing into the Trust Account $0.10 per public share outstanding in connection with each
such extension. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of funds withdrawn to pay taxes, if any, and up to $100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

F-5

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.)

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party (other than the independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per Public Share and (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in
the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Companys independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

Going
Concern Consideration

As
of January 29, 2025, the Company had $1,138 in cash and a working capital deficit of $555,420. The Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. Additionally, the date
for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going
concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans
to address this uncertainty through Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to raise capital or to
consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statement does not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Emerging
Growth Company

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved.

F-6

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not
to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period, difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statement in conformity with GAAP requires the Companys management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statement.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company has $1,138 in cash and no cash equivalents as of January 29, 2025.

Cash
Held in Trust Account

At
January 29, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account amounting to $201,000,000 were held in cash.

Offering
Costs

The
Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A Expenses
of Offering. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering.
FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of
convertible debt into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds
from the Units between ordinary shares and rights, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first
to assigned value of the rights and then to the ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the ordinary shares were charged to temporary
equity and offering costs allocated to the public and private placement rights were charged to shareholders deficit as public
and private placement rights after managements evaluation were accounted for under equity treatment.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach
to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted
tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is
the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense.

As
of January 29, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The
Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently
not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys
tax provision was zero for the period presented.

F-7

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurement, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Redeemable
Share Classification

The
Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Companys
liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In
accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies Public ordinary shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the
redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. The Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Rights) and as such, the initial carrying value of Public Shares
classified as temporary equity are the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Company recognizes changes in
redemption value immediately as it occurs and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the
end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion
from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against
additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, at January 29, 2025, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance
sheet. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares are affected by charges against additional paid
in capital and accumulated deficit.

At
January 29, 2025, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 200,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights (2,978,000 )

Proceeds allocated to over-allotment option (305,179 )

Ordinary share issuance cost (7,703,027 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 11,986,206 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, January 29, 2025 $ 201,000,000 

Derivative
Financial Instruments

The
Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are
accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued
at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period.
Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net cash settlement or conversion
of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The underwriters over-allotment option is
deemed to be a freestanding financial instrument indexed on the contingently redeemable shares and was accounted for as a liability pursuant
to ASC 480 since it was not exercised at the time of the Initial Public Offering.

Recent
Accounting Standards

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20)
and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) (ASU 2020-06),
to simplify certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion
and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity
classification of contracts in an entitys own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entitys own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted
earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis.
Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of inception, May 23, 2024. There was no effect to the Companys
presented financial statement.

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments
in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief
operating officer decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported
measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation
of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate
resources. Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and
entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing
segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 29, 2025, date
of the Proposed Public Offering.

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Companys financial statement.

F-8

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 20,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one
ordinary share and one right (Public Right), with each Public Right entitling the holder to receive one-eighth (1/8) of
one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.

NOTE
4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 400,000 Private Placement Units at a price of
$10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, for $4,000,000, of which $1,100,000 has not yet been
received and is noted as a subscription receivable on the balance sheet, including such amounts $1,100,000, which may be converted
from the amounts advanced to the Company under the Subscription Promissory Note as described in Note 5. Each Private Placement Unit
consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial
business combination. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units are added to the net proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law).

NOTE
5 RELATED PARTIES

Founder
Shares

On
June 17, 2024, the Company issued to the Sponsor an aggregate of 22,361,111 ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, in exchange
for $35,000 or approximately $0.0016 per share. On November 6, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited 12,503,968 ordinary shares
to the Company for no consideration, following which the Sponsor holds 9,857,143 ordinary shares (the Founder Shares).
All share and per share data has been retrospectively presented. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 1,285,714 shares subject
to surrender and forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the
number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 30% of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary
shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units and the representative shares and assuming the Sponsor
does not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). On January 29, 2025 the Company completed its Initial Public Offering
and the over-allotment option remains unexercised.

The
Sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with the Company pursuant to which, with certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares and
the Private Placement Units, including the underlying securities, are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to directors and
officers and other persons or entities affiliated with the Companys initial shareholders, each of whom will be subject to the
same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: (i) with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Units, the
earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price
of the Companys ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial
Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Units, six months after
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the initial Business
Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

Administrative
Support Agreement

The
Company has entered into an Administrative Services Agreement, effective on January 7, 2025, pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to pay the Sponsor or an affiliate $10,000 for office space, and administrative and support services. Upon completion of the initial
business combination or the Companys liquidation, the administrative services agreement will terminate, and the Company will cease
paying these monthly fees. As of January 29, 2025, $1,000 has been accrued under this agreement.

F-9

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
5 RELATED PARTIES (cont.)

Promissory
Note Related Party

On
June 13, 2024, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $500,000. On November 21, 2024, the Sponsor amended the Promissory Note
to increase the amount the Company may borrow to $750,000. On December 5, 2024, the Sponsor further amended the Promissory Note to increase
the amount the Company may borrow to $1,850,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and shall be due and payable upon the closing
of the Companys initial business combination or upon the Companys dissolution, whichever occurs first. On January 29, 2025,
the Company repaid the Sponsor $900,000 resulting to an outstanding balance of $98,898.

Advisory
services

The
Company received advisory services from an uncompensated related party advisor, husband to the CEO of the Company. The role of such advisor
is to assist in the day to day transactions of the Company.

Related
Party Loans

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working
Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the
Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without
interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business
Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of January 29, 2025,
no working capital loans were outstanding.

Amended
and Restated Private Units Purchase Agreement

The
Company has entered into an amended and restated private units purchase agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant which the Sponsor agreed
to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 Private Placement Units (or 430,000 Private Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment
is exercised in full) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit ($4,000,000, or an aggregate of $4,300,000 if the underwriters
over-allotment is exercised in full) from the Company in the Private Placement. Under the agreement, the Sponsor agreed to provide the
Company up to $1,100,000 in working capital loans under the Subscription Promissory Note, which loans shall be converted into Private
Placement Units, at the price of $10.00 per unit. To the extent the amount of such loans is less than $1,100,000, the Sponsor agreed
that it (or, if applicable, it and any transferees of Private Placement Units) shall surrender for cancellation any and all rights to
up to an aggregate of 110,000 Private Placement Units at $10.00 per unit.

NOTE
6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions
against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society
for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have
also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions
among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures
that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel
and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and
global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial
markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

F-10

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont.)

Any
of the above-mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions
resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions,
could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company
may ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.

Registration
Rights

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) and any Private Placement Units (and underlying
securities) that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have
certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business
Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.
However, the registration rights agreement will provide that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or
cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting
Agreement

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus, January 27, 2025, to purchase up to 3,000,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $0.05 per Unit, or 0.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
or $1,000,000 in the aggregate (or up to $1,150,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), paid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.30 per Unit, or 3.0% of the gross proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering, or $6,000,000 in the aggregate (or up to $6,900,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full),
of which 25.0% will be adjusted net of redemptions (i.e., for purposes of calculating the deferred underwriting commission net of redemptions,
25.0% of the deferred underwriting commissions will determined by the dollar amount that is product of (i) 3.0% multiplied by the product
of the number of unredeemed public shares, multiplied by $10.00 and (ii) 25.0%). The deferred fee becomes payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the Company agreed to issue the underwriters 200,000 ordinary shares (or up to 230,000 ordinary
shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), denoted as representative shares.

F-11

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
7 SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preference
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of
directors. As of January 29, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 220,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share.
Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of January 29, 2025, there are 10,457,143 ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, excluding 20,000,000 share subject to redemption, of which an aggregate of up to 1,285,714 ordinary shares are subject
to surrender and forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part so that
the number of Founder Shares will equal 30% of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering
(not including the Private Placement Units and the representative shares and assuming Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in
the Initial Public Offering).

Rights Except
in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive
one-eighth (1/8) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares
in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed
in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. In the event the Company is not the surviving company upon completion of
the initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to
receive the one-eighth (1/8) of one ordinary share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company will redeem the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless.

Representative
Shares The Company issued to Clear Street LLC, the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering,
200,000 ordinary shares (the representative shares) at the time of the consummation of Initial Public Offering. The holders
of the representative shares have agreed (i) that they will not transfer, assign or sell any such shares without our prior consent until
the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) to waive their redemption rights (or right to participate in any tender offer)
with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (iii) to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination
within 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing if the Company extends the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination).

The
representative shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRAs NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that
would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement
of sales of the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners.

Subscription
Receivable On January 29, 2025, the Company issued a new unsecured subscription promissory note to the Sponsor (the Subscription
Promissory Note) in connection with the amended and restated units purchase agreement (as described in Note 5) pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,100,000 working capital loans. The Sponsor further agrees that such
loans shall be converted into Private Units, at the price of $10.00 per unit. To the extent the amount of such loans is less than $1,100,000,
the Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that it (or, if applicable, it and any transferees of Private Units) shall surrender for cancellation
any and all rights to up to an aggregate of 110,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit.

F-12

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE
8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
fair value of the Companys financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would
have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company
seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is
used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and
liabilities:

Level 1: Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: Observable inputs other
than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based
on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The
following table presents information about the Companys assets that are measured at fair value on January 29, 2025 and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value.

Level January 29, 2025 

Assets: 

Cash held in Trust Account 1 $ 201,000,000 

Liabilities: 

Over-allotment option 3 $ 305,179 

Equity: 

Fair value of Public Rights for common stock subject to possible redemption allocation 3 $ 2,978,000 

The
over-allotment option was accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40 and was presented within liabilities on the balance
sheet. The over-allotment liability is measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented
within change in fair value of over-allotment liability in the statement of operations.

The
Company used a Black-Scholes model to value the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option liability was classified within Level
3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in pricing models are assumptions
related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary
share based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on
the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The
expected life of the option is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term.

The
rights were valued using an iterative analysis based on market comparable. The following criteria was utilized to select comparable Special
Purpose Acquisition Companies who were pre-business combination and included rights as part of their units that were publicly trading
with significant time remaining to complete their initial business combination:

Criteria Low High 

IPO Proceeds 60 250 

Warrant Coverage - 0.5 

Rights Coverage (per unit) 0.05 0.13 

Remaining Months to Complete 7 21 

F-13

DRUGS
MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 29, 2025

NOTE 9
SEGMENT INFORMATION

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statement information
about operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components
of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is regularly evaluated by the Companys chief operating
decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance.

The
Companys chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer (CODM), who reviews
the operating results for the Company as a whole to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing financial performance. Accordingly,
management has determined that the Company only has one operating segment.

When
evaluating the Companys performance and making key decisions regarding resource allocation the CODM reviews several key metrics,
which include the interest earned on the Trust Account and general and administrative expenses.

The
key measures of segment profit or loss reviewed by the CODM are interest on the Trust Account and general and administrative expenses.
The CODM reviews interest earned on the Trust Account to measure and monitor shareholder value and determine the most effective
strategy of investment with the Trust Account funds while maintaining compliance with the trust agreement. General and administrative
expenses are reviewed and monitored by the CODM to manage and forecast cash to ensure enough capital is available to complete a business
combination within the Business Combination period. The CODM also reviews general and administrative costs to manage, maintain and enforce
all contractual agreements to ensure costs are aligned with all agreements and budget.

NOTE
10 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet and through the date that the financial statement
was issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statement.

F-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>