<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001185185-25-000064.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001185185-25-000064.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203161152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-25-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOVATIVE FOOD HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000312257
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				201167761
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09376
		FILM NUMBER:		25582632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9696 BONITA BEACH ROAD, STE 208
		CITY:			BONITA SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		239-596-0204

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9696 BONITA BEACH ROAD, STE 208
		CITY:			BONITA SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALPHA SOLARCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>innovfood20250130_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?innovfood20250130_8k.htm

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

Innovative Food Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida 

000-09376 

20-1167761

(State or other jurisdiction 

(Commission 

(IRS Employer

of incorporation) 

File Number) 

Identification No.)

9696 Bonita Beach Rd, Suite 208

Bonita Springs,Florida 

34135

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (239)596-0204

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 29, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Innovative Food Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), approved the Innovative Food Holdings, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan). The material terms of the 2025 Plan are summarized as follows:

Eligibility

The Administrator may grant awards to any director, employee or consultant of the Company or its subsidiaries. Only employees are eligible to receive incentive stock options.

Administration

The 2025 Plan will be administered by the Board or one more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which will be comprised, unless otherwise determined by the Board, solely of not less than two members who will be non-employee directors (a Committee), or any officer that has been delegated administrative authority pursuant to the 2025 Plan for the duration such delegation is in effect (collectively, the Administrator). The Administrator will have the authority to make all determinations and interpretations under, prescribe all forms for use with, and adopt rules for the administration of the 2025 Plan, subject to the 2025 Plans express terms and conditions. The Administrator will also set the terms and conditions of all awards under the 2025 Plan, including any vesting and vesting acceleration conditions.

Share Reserve

The maximum aggregate number of shares of the Companys common stock (Shares) that may be issued under the 2025 Plan is 5,336,473.

5,336,473 Shares may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options.

Shares issuable under the 2025 Plan may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired shares. Shares underlying any awards under the 2025 Plan that are settled in cash, forfeited, canceled, repurchased, held back upon exercise of an option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding satisfied without the issuance of stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) will be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the 2025 Plan, although Shares shall not again become available for issuance as incentive stock options. Additionally, shares issued as substitute awards (as defined in the 2025 Plan) will not count against the 2025 Plans share limit, except substitute awards that are incentive stock options will count against the incentive stock option limit.

The share reserve described herein may be subject to certain adjustments in the event of certain changes in the capitalization of the Company (see Equitable Adjustments below).

Annual Limitation on Awards to Non-Employee Directors

The 2025 Plan contains a limitation whereby the value of all awards under the 2025 Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any non-employee director may not exceed $750,000 for the first calendar year a non-employee director is initially appointed to the Board, and $500,000 in any other calendar year.

Types of Awards

The 2025 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent awards, and other stock- or cash-based awards (collectively, awards).

Stock Options. The 2025 Plan permits the granting of both options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and options that do not so qualify. Options granted under the 2025 Plan will be nonqualified options if they fail to qualify as incentive stock options or exceed the annual limit on incentive stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Nonqualified options may be granted to any persons eligible to receive awards under the 2025 Plan.

The exercise price of each option will be determined by the Administrator, but such exercise price may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of one Share on the date of grant or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a 10% or greater stockholder, 110% of such Shares fair market value. The term of each option will be set by the Administrator and may not exceed ten (10) years from the date of grant (or five (5) years for an incentive stock option granted to a 10% or greater stockholder). The Administrator will determine at what time or times each option may be exercised, including the ability to accelerate the vesting of such options.

Stock Appreciation Rights. The Administrator may award stock appreciation rights subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. Stock appreciation rights entitle the recipient to Shares or cash, equal to the value of the appreciation in the Share price over the exercise price, as set by the Administrator and which will be at least equal to the fair market value of a Share on the grant date. The term of each stock appreciation right will be set by the Administrator and may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The Administrator will determine at what time or times each stock appreciation right may be exercised, including the ability to accelerate the vesting of such stock appreciation rights.

Restricted Stock. A restricted stock award is an award of Shares that vests in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Administrator. The Administrator will determine the persons to whom grants of restricted stock awards are made, the number of restricted shares to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid for the restricted shares, the time or times within which awards of restricted stock may be subject to forfeiture, the vesting schedule and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of restricted stock awards. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, a participant generally will have the rights and privileges of a stockholder as to such restricted shares, including without limitation the right to vote such restricted shares and the right to receive cash dividends, if applicable.

Restricted Stock Units. Restricted stock units are the right to receive Shares at a future date in accordance with the terms of such grant upon the attainment of certain conditions specified by the Administrator. Restrictions or conditions could include, but are not limited to, the attainment of performance goals, continuous service with the Company or its subsidiaries, the passage of time or other restrictions or conditions. The Administrator determines the persons to whom grants of restricted stock units are made, the number of restricted stock units to be awarded, the time or times within which awards of restricted stock units may be subject to forfeiture, the vesting schedule, and rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the restricted stock unit awards. The value of the restricted stock units may be paid in Shares, cash, other securities, other property, or a combination of the foregoing, as determined by the Administrator.

The holders of restricted stock units will have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, restricted stock units awarded under the 2025 Plan may, at the Administrators discretion, provide for a right to dividend equivalents.

Performance Awards. The Administrator has the authority to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, or restricted stock units as a performance award, which means that such awards vest at least in part upon the attainment of one or more specified performance criteria. For each performance period, the Administrator will have the sole authority to select the length of such performance period, the types of performance awards to be granted, the performance criteria that will be used to establish the performance goals, and the level(s) of performance which shall result in a performance award being earned. At any time, the Administrator may adjust or modify the calculation of a performance goal for a performance period, to appropriately reflect any circumstance or event that occurs during a performance period and that in the Administrators sole discretion, warrants adjustment or modification. Depending on the type of performance award granted, the previously discussed terms and conditions will also apply to a performance award.

Performance criteria for a performance award may be based on the attainment of specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or one or more subsidiaries, divisions, business segments or operational units, or any combination of the foregoing) and may include, without limitation, any of the following: (i) net earnings or net income (before or after taxes); (ii) basic or diluted earnings per share (before or after taxes); (iii) revenue or revenue growth (measured on a net or gross basis); (iv) gross profit or gross profit growth; (v) operating profit (before or after taxes); (vi) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, or sales); (vii) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, net cash provided by operations and cash flow return on capital); (viii) financing and other capital raising transactions (including, but not limited to, sales of the Companys equity or debt securities); (ix) earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization; (x) gross or operating margins; (xi) productivity ratios; (xii) share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return); (xiii) expense targets; (xiv) margins; (xv) productivity and operating efficiencies; (xvi) customer satisfaction; (xvii) customer growth; (xviii) working capital targets; (xix) measures of economic value added; (xx) inventory control; (xxi) enterprise value; (xxii) sales; (xxiii) debt levels and net debt; (xxiv) combined ratio; (xxv) timely launch of new facilities; (xxvi) client retention; (xxvii) employee retention; (xxviii) timely completion of new product rollouts; (xxix) cost targets; (xxx) reductions and savings; (xxxi) productivity and efficiencies; (xxxii) strategic partnerships or transactions; and (xxxiii) personal targets, goals or completion of projects. Any one or more of the performance criteria may be used on an absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of the Company and/or one or more subsidiaries as a whole or any business unit(s) of the Company and/or one or more subsidiaries or any combination thereof, or any of the above performance criteria may be compared to the performance of a selected group of comparison or peer companies, or a published or special index that the Administrator deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices.

Dividend Equivalents. An award of dividend equivalents entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all dividends paid on one Share while the holders tandem award is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the participant, settled in cash or Shares, and subject to the same restriction on transferability and forfeitability as the award with respect to which the dividend equivalents are granted.

Other Stock- or Cash-Based Awards. Other stock-based awards may be granted either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with, other awards granted under the 2025 Plan and/or cash awards made outside of the 2025 Plan. The Administrator shall have authority to determine the service providers to whom and the time or times at which other stock-based awards shall be made, the amount of such other stock-based awards, and all other conditions of the other stock-based awards including any dividend and/or voting rights. The Administrator may grant cash awards in such amounts and subject to such performance or other vesting criteria and terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine.

Repricing

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2025 Plan, unless a repricing is approved by shareholders, in no case may the Administrator (i) amend an outstanding option or stock appreciation right to reduce the exercise price of the award, (ii) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding option or stock appreciation right in exchange for cash or other awards for the purpose of repricing the award, or (iii) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding option or stock appreciation right in exchange for an option or stock appreciation right with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original award.

Equitable Adjustments

In the event of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or other change in corporate structure affecting Shares, the Administrator will adjust (i) the number and class of shares which may be delivered under the 2025 Plan (or number and kind of other securities or other property); (ii) the number, class and price (including the exercise or strike price of options and stock appreciation rights) of Shares subject to outstanding awards, (iii) any applicable performance criteria, performance period, and other terms and conditions of outstanding performance awards, and (iv) the 2025 Plans numerical limits.

Change in Control

In the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2025 Plan), each outstanding award shall be assumed or an equivalent award substituted by the acquiring or successor corporation or a parent of the acquiring or successor corporation. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, if a successor refuses to assume or substitute for the award, (A) the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise the award, (B) all applicable restrictions will lapse, and (C) all performance objectives and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at targeted levels.

Term

The 2025 Plan became effective on January 29, 2025, the date it was approved by the Board, and, unless terminated earlier, the 2025 Plan will continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years.

Amendment and Termination

The Board may amend, alter, suspend or terminate the 2025 Plan at any time. No amendment or termination of the 2025 Plan will materially impair the rights of any participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the participant and the Company. Approval of the stockholders shall be required for any amendment, where required by applicable law, as well as (i) to increase the number of Shares available for issuance under the 2025 Plan and (ii) to change the persons or class of persons eligible to receive awards under the 2025 Plan.

Recoupment Policy

All awards granted under the 2025 Plan, all amounts paid under the 2025 Plan, and all Shares issued under the 2025 Plan shall be subject to reduction, recoupment, clawback, or recovery by the Company in accordance with applicable laws and with Company policy.

The foregoing description of the 2025 Plan is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, to the full text of the 2025 Plan, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) 

Exhibits

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 

Innovative Food Holdings, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INNOVATIVE FOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Robert William Bennett 

Robert William Bennett 

Chief Executive Officer 

0000312257falsetrue00003122572025-01-292025-01-29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_772636.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_772636.htm

Exhibit 10.1

INNOVATIVE FOOD HOLDINGS, INC.

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1. 

Purpose

The Plans purpose is to attract, retain, and motivate persons who make important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with the opportunity to acquire Shares. Additionally, the Plan is intended to align the interests of these individuals to those of the Companys other shareholders.

2. 

Definitions

2.1. 

Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent the Boards powers and authorities under the Plan have been delegated to a Committee. Administrator also includes any officer that has been delegated authority pursuant to Section 4.2 for such time as such delegation is in effect.

2.2. 

Affiliate means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Board or a Committee, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest as determined by the Board or a Committee in its discretion. The term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

2.3. 

Applicable Law means any applicable law, including without limitation: (i) provisions of the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations thereunder, (ii) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements, or regulations, whether federal, state, local, or foreign, and (iii) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted, or traded.

2.4. 

Award means an Option award, Stock Appreciation Right award, Restricted Stock award, Restricted Stock Unit award, Performance Award, Dividend Equivalents award, or Other Stock or Cash Based Award granted to a Participant under the Plan.

2.5. 

Award Agreement means an agreement (written or electronic) made and delivered in accordance with Section 12.3 of this Plan evidencing the grant of an Award hereunder.

2.6. 

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

2.7. 

Cause means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, (i) the Company or an Affiliate having cause to terminate a Participants employment or service, as defined in any employment or consulting agreement or similar document or policy between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate in effect at the time of such termination or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or consulting agreement, document or policy (or the absence of any definition of Cause contained therein), (A) a continuing material breach or material default (including, without limitation, any material dereliction of duty) by Participant of any agreement between the Participant and the Company, except for any such breach or default which is caused by the Participants Disability, or a continuing failure by the Participant to follow the direction of a duly authorized representative of the Company; (B) gross negligence, willful misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or Affiliate by the Participant; (C) the commission by the Participant of an act of fraud, embezzlement or any felony or other crime of dishonesty in connection with the Participants duties to the Company or Affiliate; or (D) the Participants conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime that would materially and adversely affect: (i) the business reputation of the Company or Affiliate or (ii) the performance of the Participants duties to the Company or an Affiliate. Any determination of whether Cause exists shall be made by the Administrator in its sole discretion.

1

2.8. 

Change in Control shall, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement provides otherwise or contains a different definition of Change in Control be deemed to occur upon:

2.8.1. 

A tender offer (or series of related offers) which is made and consummated for the ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity are owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the commencement of such offer), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;

2.8.2. 

The consummation of the Companys merger or consolidation with another corporation, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation, more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction); provided, that a merger or consolidation of the Company with another company which is controlled by persons owning more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company shall constitute a Change in Control unless the Administrator, in its discretion, determine otherwise, or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;

2.8.3. 

The consummation of the Companys sale of substantially all of its assets to another entity that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result of such sale more than 50% of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates; or

2.8.4. 

The consummation of a transaction, or series of transactions, in which a Person acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the first acquisition of such securities by such Person), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates.

For purposes of this Section 2.8, ownership of voting securities shall take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under the Exchange Act.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award or portion thereof that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, then to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described above in this Section 2.8 with respect to such Award or portion thereof shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

2

The Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to determine whether a Change in Control has occurred, the effective date of such Change in Control, and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation.

2.9. 

Clawback Policies means any policy of the Company regarding the reduction, recoupment, clawback or recovery of compensation, as such policies may be amended from time to time. Clawback Policies includes the Companys policies to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or other Applicable Law, as well as any implementing regulations and/or listing standards.

2.10. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. References in this Plan to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, regulations or guidance.

2.11. 

Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which shall be comprised, unless otherwise determined by the Board, solely of not less than two members who shall be (i) Non-Employee Directors, and (ii) Non-Employee Directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3.

2.12. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (and any stock or other securities into which such common shares may be converted or into which they may be exchanged).

2.13. 

Company means Innovative Food Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation.

2.14. 

Consultant means any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or a Subsidiary to render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company or a Subsidiary, (ii) renders services not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Companys securities, and (iii) who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act.

2.15. 

Designated Beneficiary means, if permitted by the Company, the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Company determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participants rights if the Participant dies. If a Participant does not make an effective designation, then the Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participants estate or legal heirs.

2.16. 

Director means a Board member.

2.17. 

Disability means a permanent and total disability under Code Section 22(e)(3).

2.18. 

Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on a specified number of Shares. Such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares, by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Administrator.

2.19. 

Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 21.

2.20. 

Employee means any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3

2.21. 

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all regulations, guidance, and other interpretive authority issued thereunder.

2.22. 

Fair Market Value means unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in accordance with Applicable Law, on a given date, (i) if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price on the principal exchange of the Shares on such date, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable, or, in the absence of reported sales on such date, the closing sales price on the immediately preceding date on which sales were reported, or (ii) if the Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange, the mean between the bid and offered prices as quoted by any nationally recognized interdealer quotation system for such date, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable, provided that if the Shares are not quoted on an interdealer quotation system or it is determined that the fair market value is not properly reflected by such quotations, Fair Market Value will be determined by such other method as the Administrator determines in good faith to be reasonable and in compliance with Section 409A.

2.23. 

GAAP means United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

2.24. 

Greater Than 10% Shareholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Code Section 424(d)) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary.

2.25. 

Incentive Stock Option means an Option that meets the requirements to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Code Section 422.

2.26. 

Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee.

2.27. 

Nonqualified Option means an Option that by its terms, or in operation, does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

2.28. 

Option means an Award granted pursuant to Section 6 hereof (excepting Stock Appreciation Rights) to purchase a specified number of Shares at a specified price per Share during a specified time period, each as specified in an Award Agreement. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option.

2.29. 

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued by reference to or based on, Shares or other property.

2.30. 

Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined by Code Section 424(e).

2.31. 

Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award.

2.32. 

Performance Award means an Award granted hereunder that vests or is earned based at least in part upon the attainment of performance criteria established by the Administrator.

2.33. 

Period of Restriction means the period during which the transfer of Restricted Stock is subject to restrictions and a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of certain performance criteria, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator.

4

2.34. 

Person means as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof; however, a Person shall not include (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company.

2.35. 

Plan means this Innovative Food Holdings, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

2.36. 

Restricted Stock means Shares, subject to a Period of Restriction or certain other specified restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous service for a specified period of time), granted under Section 7 or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option.

2.37. 

Restricted Stock Unit or RSU means an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Shares, cash, other securities, or other property, subject to certain restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous service for a specified period of time), granted under Section 8.

2.38. 

Restrictive Covenant means any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, non-disparagement, non-disclosure, or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate.

2.39. 

Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended.

2.40. 

Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all regulations, guidance, and other interpretive authority issued thereunder.

2.41. 

Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder by the United States Treasury Department, as amended.

2.42. 

Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant, or a Director.

2.43. 

Share Limit has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.1.

2.44. 

Shares means shares of Common Stock.

2.45. 

Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right granted under Section 6 hereof to receive a payment equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares on the date the right is exercised over the exercise price set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

2.46. 

Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined by Code Section 424(f).

2.47. 

Substitute Awards means Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company or other entity acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines.

2.48. 

Tax Obligations means any United States and non-United States federal, state, and/or local taxes, including income tax, social insurance contributions, fringe benefit tax, employment tax, stamp tax, and any employer tax liability which has been transferred to a Participant, for which a Participant is liable in connection with Awards and/or Shares.

5

2.49. 

Termination of Service means the time at which a Participant has terminated from all service with the Company and its Affiliates, for any reason. A Termination of Service shall occur when a Participant is no longer a Consultant, Employee, or Non-Employee Director. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall make all determinations regarding whether a Termination of Service has occurred.

3. 

Eligibility

Service Providers are eligible to receive Awards pursuant to the Plan, subject to the Plans conditions and limitations. No Service Provider shall have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to the Plan, and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated to treat Service Providers, Participants, or other persons uniformly.

4. 

Administration

4.1. 

Generally. The Plan will be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator is authorized, subject to the provisions of the Plan, to establish such rules and regulations as it deems necessary for the proper administration of the Plan and to make such determinations and interpretations, and to take such action in connection with the Plan and any benefits granted hereunder as it deems necessary or advisable. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator shall have the sole discretion to (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended, and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be made; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, settle any controversy regarding, correct any defect in and/or complete any omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, this Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Administrator shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of this Plan; (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, Awards; (x) to reprice existing Awards or to grant Awards in connection with or in consideration of the cancellation of an outstanding Award with a higher price; and (xi) make any other determination and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. All determinations and interpretations made by the Administrator shall be binding and conclusive on all Participants and their legal representatives.

4.2. 

Delegation. The Board or a Committee may delegate its powers and authorities to one or more Committees or officers of the Company, provided, however, that no officer of the Company or any Subsidiary may be delegated authority to grant, amend, modify, make any administrative determination to, or cancel any Awards held by either (A) any person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or (B) an officer who has been delegated any authority under the Plan. All delegations shall be subject to terms and conditions determined by the Board or a Committee. Any delegation of authority under the Plan may be revoked at any time. Regardless of any delegation, the Board or a Committee may act as the Administrator at any time in accordance with Applicable Law.

4.3. 

Liability. Neither the Administrator nor any employee of the Company shall be liable for any act or failure to act hereunder, except in circumstances involving his or her bad faith, gross negligence, or willful misconduct, or for any act or failure to act hereunder by any other member or employee or by any agent to whom duties in connection with the administration of this Plan have been delegated. The Company shall indemnify members of the Administrator and any agent of the Administrator who is an employee of the Company, a Subsidiary, or an Affiliate against any and all liabilities or expenses to which they may be subjected by reason of any act or failure to act with respect to their duties on behalf of the Plan, except in circumstances involving such persons bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct.

6

4.4. 

Administrative Delegation and Reliance. The Administrator may delegate to one or more of its members, or to one or more agents, such administrative duties as it may deem advisable, and the Administrator, or any person to whom it has delegated duties as aforesaid, may employ one or more persons to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Administrator or such person may have under the Plan. The Administrator may employ such legal or other counsel, consultants, and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of the Plan and may rely upon any opinion or computation received from any such counsel, consultant, or agent.

5. 

Plan Limits

5.1. 

Number of Shares Available for Issuance. Subject to the provisions of Section 11, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall be 5,336,473 (the Share Limit). The Shares subject to the Plan may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired shares.

5.2. 

Share Recycling. Upon payment in Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of an Award, the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced only by the number of Shares actually issued in such payment. If a Participant pays the exercise price (or purchase price, if applicable) of an Award through the tender of Shares, or if the Shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy any tax withholding obligations, the number of Shares so tendered or withheld shall again be available for issuance pursuant to future Awards under the Plan, although such Shares shall not again become available for issuance as Incentive Stock Options. Shares shall not be deemed to have been issued pursuant to the Plan with respect to any portion of an Award that is settled in cash. If any outstanding Award expires or is terminated or canceled without having been exercised or settled in full, or if the Shares acquired pursuant to an Award subject to forfeiture or repurchase are forfeited or repurchased by the Company, the Shares allocable to the terminated portion of such Award or such forfeited or repurchased Shares shall again be available for grant under the Plan.

5.3. 

Incentive Stock Option Limit. No more than 5,336,473Shares (subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11) may be issued under the Plan upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options.

5.4. 

Substitute Awards. Substitute Awards shall not be counted against the Share Limit; provided, however, that Substitute Awards issued in connection with the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding Options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options shall be counted against the Incentive Stock Option limit in Section 5.3. Additionally, Shares subject to Substitute Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan pursuant to Section 5.2. If the Company or any Subsidiary acquires or combines with a company that has shares available under an equity plan approved by shareholders and in place prior to such acquisition or combination (and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination), the available shares under the acquired or combined entitys plan (as appropriately adjusted to reflect the transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not count against the Share Limit (and Shares subject to such Awards may again become available for Awards under the Plan as provided in Section 5.2). Awards made from the available shares of an acquired or combined entitys plan shall not be made after the date awards or grants could not be under the terms of the acquired or combined entitys plan prior to the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Service Providers prior to such acquisition or combination. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.

7

5.5. 

Non-Employee Director Award Limit. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or in any policy of the Company regarding Non-Employee Director compensation, the sum of the grant date fair value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of all equity-based Awards and the maximum amount that may become payable pursuant to all cash-based Awards that may be granted to a Service Provider as compensation for services as a Non-Employee Director during any calendar year shall not exceed $750,000 for such Service Providers first year of service as a Non-Employee Director and $500,000 for each year thereafter.

6. 

Options and Stock Appreciation Rights

6.1. 

General. The Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan to Service Providers. Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be subject to such terms and conditions consistent with the Plan as the Administrator may impose from time to time, subject to the limitations in this Section 6. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Rights granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. Exercising an Option or Stock Appreciation Right in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available for purchase under the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, by the number of Shares as to which the Option or Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.

6.2. 

Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, the exercise price per Share shall be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant, subject to Section 5.4. In the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price for Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be less than the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable requirements of Code Sections 424 and 409A.

6.3. 

Exercise Period. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable later than ten (10) years after the date it is granted. No portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Participants Termination of Service shall thereafter become exercisable and the portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Participants Termination of Service shall automatically expire on the date of such Termination of Service. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of overtime pay under the United States Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 shall not become exercisable earlier than six months after its date of grant. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall terminate at such earlier times and upon such conditions or circumstances as the Administrator shall in its discretion set forth in such Award Agreement at the date of grant; provided, however, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, later waive any such condition. If, prior an Options or Stock Appreciation Rights exercise and prior to its termination, a Participant commits an act of Cause (to be determined by the Administrator), or violates a Restrictive Covenant, the Administrator may terminate the Participants right to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right when it reasonably believes that the Participant may have participated in such act or violation.

8

6.4. 

Exercise. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company (or such other person or entity designated by the Administrator) a notice of exercise, in a form and manner the Company approves, which may be written or electronic, signed or authenticated by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, (a) payment in full of the exercise price for the number of Shares for which the Option is exercised in a manner consistent with Section 6.5 and (b) satisfaction in full of any withholding obligations for Tax Obligations in a manner specified in Section 12.5. The Administrator may, in its discretion, require that any partial exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right be with respect to a minimum number of Shares.

6.5. 

Payment Upon Exercise. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Participant may pay the Option exercise price by cash, wire transfer, or check and, if approved by the Administrator, as determined in its sole discretion, by the following methods:

6.5.1. 

surrender of other Shares that meet the conditions established by the Administrator to avoid adverse accounting consequences to the Company (as determined by the Administrator);

6.5.2. 

by a broker-assisted cashless exercise in accordance with procedures approved by the Administrator, whereby payment of the exercise price may be satisfied, in whole or in part, with Shares subject to the Option by delivery of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker (on a form prescribed by the Administrator) to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate exercise price;

6.5.3. 

for a Nonqualified Option, by delivery of a notice of net exercise to the Company, pursuant to which the Participant shall surrender Shares then issuable upon the Nonqualified Options exercise valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date;

6.5.4. 

such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Law;

6.5.5. 

any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

6.6. 

Incentive Stock Options.

6.6.1. 

Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code), such Options will be treated as Nonqualified Options. For purposes of this Section 6.6.1, Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option is granted.

6.6.2. 

In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the exercise price will be determined by the Administrator, but shall be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. The term of any Incentive Stock Option will be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Greater Than 10% Shareholder, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement and the exercise price shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

9

6.6.3. 

No Option shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option unless this Plan has been approved by the shareholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply with the shareholder approval requirements of Code Section 422(b)(1), provided that any Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall not fail to be effective solely on account of a failure to obtain such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Option unless and until such approval is obtained.

6.6.4. 

In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions of such grant shall be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Code Section 422. If for any reason an Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Option appropriately granted under this Plan.

6.6.5. 

By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within the later of (a) two years from the grant date of the Option or (b) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, or other consideration, in such disposition or transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Code Section 422. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock option under Code Section 422 for any reason, will be a Nonqualified Option.

7. 

Restricted Stock 

7.1. 

Generally. The Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine, subject to the limitations of this Section 7. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction and the applicable restrictions, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Restricted Stock may be awarded in consideration for (i) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (ii) past service, or (iii) any other form of legal consideration (including future Service) that may be acceptable to the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and permissible under Applicable Laws.

7.2. 

Restrictions; Voting Rights; Transferability. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, Restricted Stock will be held by the Company as escrow agent until the restrictions on such Restricted Stock have lapsed. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. During the Period of Restriction, a Participant holding Restricted Stock may exercise the voting rights applicable to those restricted Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction.

7.3. 

Dividends and Other Distributions. Except as provided in the Award Agreement, during the Period of Restriction, a Participant holding Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Restricted Stock. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, such Shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid.

7.4. 

Return of Restricted Stock to the Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will be forfeited and will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.

10

7.5. 

Section 83(b) Election. If a Participant makes an election under Code Section 83(b) to be taxed with respect to the Restricted Stock as of the date of transfer of the Restricted Stock rather than as of the date or dates upon which such Participant would otherwise be taxable under Code Section 83(a), such Participant shall be required to deliver a copy of such election to the Company promptly after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service along with proof of the timely filing thereof.

8. 

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

8.1. 

Generally. The Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant RSUs under the Plan to Service Providers. Each RSU shall be subject to such terms and conditions as are consistent with the Plan and as the Administrator may impose from time to time, subject to this Section 8. Each Award of RSUs will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of RSUs and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. A Participant holdings RSUs will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company until delivery of Shares, cash, other securities, other property, or a combination of the foregoing.

8.2. 

Vesting and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of RSUs that will be paid out to the Participant. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of RSUs, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.

8.3. 

Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned RSUs will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in Shares, cash, other securities, other property, or a combination of the foregoing. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the fair market value of the Shares as of the date on which the restricted period lapsed with respect to such RSUs, less an amount equal to any taxes required to be withheld or paid. The Administrator may provide that RSUs will be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participants election, subject to compliance with Applicable Law.

8.4. 

Voting. The holders of RSUs shall have no voting rights as the Companys shareholders.

9. 

Performance Awards

9.1. 

Generally. The Administrator shall have the authority to designate any Award described in Sections 6 through 8 of the Plan as a Performance Award. Additionally, the Administrator shall have the authority to make an award of a cash bonus to any Participant and designate such Award as a Performance Award.

9.2. 

Discretion of Administrator. The Administrator shall have the discretion to establish the terms, conditions, and restrictions of any Performance Award. For each performance period, the Administrator shall have the sole authority to select the length of such performance period, the types of Performance Awards to be granted, the performance criteria that will be used to establish the performance goals, and the level(s) of performance which shall result in a Performance Award being earned.

11

9.3. 

Performance Criteria. The Administrator may establish performance-based conditions for an Award as specified in the Award Agreement, which may be based on the attainment of specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or one or more Subsidiaries, divisions, business segments or operational units, or any combination of the foregoing) and may include, without limitation, any of the following: (i) net earnings or net income (before or after taxes); (ii) basic or diluted earnings per share (before or after taxes); (iii) revenue or revenue growth (measured on a net or gross basis); (iv) gross profit or gross profit growth; (v) operating profit (before or after taxes); (vi) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, or sales); (vii) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, net cash provided by operations and cash flow return on capital); (viii) financing and other capital raising transactions (including, but not limited to, sales of the Companys equity or debt securities); (ix) earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization; (x) gross or operating margins; (xi) productivity ratios; (xii) share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return); (xiii) expense targets; (xiv) margins; (xv) productivity and operating efficiencies; (xvi) customer satisfaction; (xvii) customer growth; (xviii) working capital targets; (xix) measures of economic value added; (xx) inventory control; (xxi) enterprise value; (xxii) sales; (xxiii) debt levels and net debt; (xxiv) combined ratio; (xxv) timely launch of new facilities; (xxvi) client retention; (xxvii) employee retention; (xxviii) timely completion of new product rollouts; (xxix) cost targets; (xxx) reductions and savings; (xxxi) productivity and efficiencies; (xxxii) strategic partnerships or transactions; and (xxxiii) personal targets, goals or completion of projects. Any one or more of the performance criteria may be used on an absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries as a whole or any business unit(s) of the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries or any combination thereof, as the Administrator may deem appropriate, or any of the above performance criteria may be compared to the performance of a selected group of comparison or peer companies, or a published or special index that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or as compared to various stock market indices. The Administrator also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of performance criteria specified in this paragraph. Any performance criteria that are financial metrics, may be determined in accordance with GAAP or may be adjusted when established to include or exclude any items otherwise includable or excludable under GAAP.

9.4. 

Modification of Performance Goals. At any time, the Administrator may adjust or modify the calculation of a performance goal for a performance period, to appropriately reflect any circumstance or event that occurs during a performance period and that in the Administrators sole discretion, warrants adjustment or modification. Adjustments the Administrator may make include but are not limited to the following: (i) asset write-downs; (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results; (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs; (v) unusual and/or infrequently occurring items; (vi) acquisitions or divestitures; (vii) discontinued operations; (viii) any other specific unusual or infrequently occurring or non-recurring events, or objectively determinable category thereof; (ix) foreign exchange gains and losses; and (x) a change in the Companys fiscal year.

9.5. 

Terms and Conditions to Payment. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant must be employed by the Company on the last day of a performance period to be eligible to vest and receive Shares, cash, or other consideration in respect of a Performance Award for such performance period. A Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in respect of a Performance Award only to the extent that the performance goals for such period are achieved and any other vesting conditions specified in the Participants Award Agreement are satisfied. Following the completion of a performance period, the Administrator shall determine whether, and to what extent, the performance goals for the performance period have been achieved and determine the number of Shares, cash or other consideration that will be settled pursuant to Performance Awards.

9.6. 

Timing of Award Payments. Except as provided in an Award agreement, Performance Awards granted for a performance period shall be paid to Participants as soon as administratively practicable following the Administrators determination in accordance with Section 9.5.

12

10. 

Other Awards

10.1. 

General. The Administrator may grant Dividend Equivalents or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards, to one or more Service Providers, in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as are consistent with the Plan.

10.2. 

Dividend Equivalents. The Administrator may provide that any Award, other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Award with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted. The payment of Dividend Equivalents shall be specified in the applicable Award Agreement and shall in all cases be subject to Applicable Law.

10.3. 

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with, other Awards granted under the Plan and/or cash awards made outside of the Plan. The Administrator shall have authority to determine the Service Providers to whom and the time or times at which Other Stock-Based Awards shall be made, the amount of such Other Stock-Based Awards, and all other conditions of the Other Stock-Based Awards including any dividend and/or voting rights. The Administrator may grant Cash Awards in such amounts and subject to such performance or other vesting criteria and terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine. Cash Awards shall be evidenced in such form as the Administrator may determine.

11. 

Adjustments; Change in Control 

11.1. 

Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, share split, reverse share split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs such that an adjustment is determined by the Administrator (in its sole discretion) to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Administrator shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust (i) the number and class of Shares which may be delivered under the Plan (or number and kind of other securities or other property); (ii) the number, class and price (including the exercise or strike price of Options and SARs) of Shares subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) any applicable performance criteria, performance period, and other terms and conditions of outstanding Performance Awards, and (iv) the numerical limits in Section 5. Notwithstanding the preceding, the number of Shares subject to any Award always shall be a whole number.

11.2. 

Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for a Participant to have the right to exercise an Award, to the extent applicable, until ten (10) days prior to such transaction as to all of the Shares covered thereby, including Shares as to which the Award would not be vested or otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option or forfeiture rights applicable to any Award shall lapse one hundred percent (100%), and that any Award vesting shall accelerate one hundred percent (100%), provided the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously vested and, if applicable, exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.

13

11.3. 

Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, each outstanding Award shall be assumed or an equivalent award substituted by the acquiring or successor corporation or a parent of the acquiring or successor corporation. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, in the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute an Award, (A) the Participant shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Award as to all of the Shares, including those as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable; (B) all applicable restrictions will lapse; and (C) all performance objectives and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at targeted levels. If an Option or SAR is not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or SAR shall be exercisable, to the extent vested, for a period of up to fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and the Option or SAR shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. For the purposes of this Section 11.3, the Award shall be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether shares, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Shares for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the Change in Control is not solely common shares of the acquiring or successor corporation or its parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the acquiring or successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received, for each Share subject to the Award, to be solely common shares of the acquiring or successor corporation or its parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Shares in the Change in Control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned, or is paid out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or the acquiring or successor corporation modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants consent; provided, however, that a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the acquiring or successor corporations post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. Payments under this Section 11.3 may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of Shares in connection with the Change in Control is delayed as a result of escrows, earnouts, holdbacks, or any other contingencies.

12. 

Provisions Applicable to Awards 

12.1. 

Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. Shares will not be issued pursuant to an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Law and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. As a condition to the exercise or receipt of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising or receiving such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise or receipt that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required or desirable.

12.2. 

Transferability. No Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Each Participant may file with the Administrator a written designation of one or more persons as the beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award, if any, due under this Plan upon his or her death. A Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change his or her beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Administrator. The last such designation filed with the Administrator shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Administrator prior to the Participants death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, his or her estate. Upon the occurrence of a Participants divorce (as evidenced by a final order or decree of divorce), any spousal designation previously given by such Participant shall automatically terminate.

14

12.3. 

Documentation. All Awards made under the Plan shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine the terms and conditions set forth in each Award Agreement, provided that all such terms and conditions are consistent with the Plan.

12.4. 

Discretion. All Awards made pursuant to the Plan may be made alone or in addition to or in conjunction with any other Award. The terms of each Award are not required to be identical, and the Administrator does not have to treat Participants or Awards uniformly.

12.5. 

Withholding. A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, or the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, from any cash, Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award or from any compensation or other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes, including any Tax Obligations, in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under this Plan and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Administrator or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding and taxes. In addition, the Administrator, in its discretion, may make arrangements mutually agreeable with a Participant who is not an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to facilitate the payment of applicable income and self-employment taxes. Without limitation, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) the delivery of Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) owned by the Participant having a fair market value equal to such withholding liability, (B) having the Company withhold from the number of Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares with a fair market value equal to such withholding liability, (C) deducting an amount sufficient to satisfy such withholding obligation from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant, (D) accepting a payment from the Participant in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or by check made payable to the order of the Company, or (E) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the withholding obligation for Tax Obligations is to be satisfied, selling Shares issued pursuant to the Award creating the withholding obligation. The amount withheld pursuant to any of the foregoing payment forms shall be determined by the Company and may be up to (but not in excess of) the aggregate amount of such obligations based on the maximum statutory withholding rates in the Participants jurisdiction for all Tax Obligations that are applicable to such taxable income.

12.6. 

Award Modification; Repricing. The Administrator may at any time, and from time to time, amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the consent of any Participant; provided, however, that the Administrator may not make any amendment which would otherwise constitute an impairment of the material rights under any Award unless the Participant consents to such impairment in writing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4 and except for an adjustment pursuant to Section 11 or a repricing approved by shareholders, in no case may the Administrator (i) amend an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce the exercise price of the Award, (ii) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or other awards for the purpose of repricing the Award, or (iii) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for an Option or Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original Award.

12.7. 

Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable, in each case, subject to Applicable Law.

15

12.8. 

Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan. The Administrator shall determine whether cash, additional Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether any fractional Shares should be rounded, forfeited, or otherwise eliminated.

13. 

Section 409A

13.1. 

General. The Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A to the extent subject thereto, and shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Any payments described in the Plan that are due within the short-term deferral period (as defined in Section 409A) shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless Applicable Law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participants consent, amend this Plan or any Award, adopt policies and procedures, make corrective filings, or take any other actions (including amendments and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including exempting the Plan and Awards from Section 409A or complying with 409A.

13.2. 

Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, any payment or settlement made pursuant to an Award to a specified employee (as defined by Section 409A and as determined by the Administrator) due to such Participants separation from service (as defined by Section 409A) will, to the extent necessary to avoid adverse tax consequences to the Participant, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation from service (or, if earlier, on the specified employees death) and will instead be paid on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as practicable thereafter. Any delayed payment under this Section 13.2 shall not accrue interest during the delay. All payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (as defined by Section 409A) that are scheduled to be paid more than six months following a specified employees termination, shall be made on their regular schedule.

13.3. 

Change in Control. If any Award is or becomes subject to Code Section 409A and if payment of such Award would be accelerated or otherwise triggered under a Change in Control, then the definition of Change in Control shall be deemed modified, only to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of an excise tax under Code Section 409A, to mean a change in control event as such term is defined for purposes of Code Section 409A.

14. 

Amendment of the Plan

The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend, or terminate the Plan. The Company may obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary or, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, desirable to comply with Applicable Law, including any amendment that (i) increases the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan or (ii) changes the persons or class of persons eligible to receive Awards. No amendment, alteration, suspension, or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant with respect to outstanding Awards, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.

15. 

Foreign Participants

The Administrator may from time to time establish sub-plans under the Plan for purposes of satisfying securities, tax, or other laws of various jurisdictions in which the Company intends to grant Awards. Any sub-plans shall contain such limitations and other terms and conditions as the Administrator determines are necessary or desirable. All sub-plans shall be deemed a part of the Plan, but each sub-plan shall apply only to the Participants in the jurisdiction for which the sub-plan was designed.

16

16. 

Clawbacks 

Notwithstanding any other provisions in the Plan, the Administrator may cancel any Award, require reimbursement of any Award, and effect any other right of recoupment of equity or other compensation provided under the Plan in accordance with Company policies, including the Companys Clawback Policies. A Participant may be required to repay to the Company previously paid compensation, whether provided pursuant to the Plan or an Award Agreement, in accordance with the Clawback Policies. By accepting an Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the Clawback Policies and to adhere to the Clawback Policies to the extent required by Applicable Law.

17. 

No Right to Continued Service

Nothing in the Plan or any instrument executed or Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) a Participants employment with or without notice and with or without Cause, or (ii) a Participants service as a Consultant or Director.

18. 

No Rights as a Shareholder

Except as provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Shares subject to such Award unless and until such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms and no adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities, or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Share certificates are issued, except as provided in Section 11.

19. 

Miscellaneous 

19.1. 

Limitations on Liability. Neither the Company, nor its Parent, nor any Subsidiary, nor any person serving as Administrator shall have any liability to a Participant in the event an Award held by the Participant fails to achieve its intended characterization under the tax, securities, or other applicable laws and regulations.

19.2. 

Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained.

19.3. 

Severability. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement, if any one or more of the provisions (or any part thereof) of this Plan or an Award Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal, and enforceable, and the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of the Plan or Award Agreement, as applicable, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

19.4. 

Governing Documents. The Plan and each Award Agreement evidencing an Award are intended to be read together, and together, set forth the complete terms and conditions of each Award. To the extent of any contradiction between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, the Plan will govern unless the Award Agreement or other written agreement was approved by the Administrator and expressly provides that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply.

17

19.5. 

Governing Law. The Plan will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to any choice of law principles.

19.6. 

Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for purposes of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof.

19.7. 

Intended to Comply with Applicable Law. The Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are intended to fully comply with Applicable Law. All administrative actions, determinations, and exercises of discretion by the Administrator shall comply with Applicable Law.

20. 

Shareholder Approval

The Plan will be subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted. Such shareholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Law. All Awards hereunder are contingent on approval of the Plan by the Companys shareholders. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, if the Plan is not approved by the Companys shareholders within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted, the Plan and any Awards hereunder shall be automatically terminated.

21. 

Effective Date

The Plan shall be effective as of ________________ ___, 2025, the date on which the Plan was adopted by the Board (the Effective Date).

Unless terminated earlier under Section 14, this Plan shall terminate on ________ ___, 2035, ten (10) years after the Effective Date.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ivfh-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ivfh-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Document Type 

City Area Code 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Amendment Flag 

Soliciting Material 

Document Period End Date 

Written Communications 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ivfh-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Jan. 29, 2025

Document Information Line Items 

Entity Central Index Key 0000312257

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Innovative Food Holdings, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity File Number 000-09376

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1167761

Entity Address, Address Line One 9696 Bonita Beach Rd, Suite 208

Entity Address, City or Town Bonita Springs

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34135

City Area Code (239)

Local Phone Number 596-0204

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Title of 12(b) Security None

Amendment Flag false

No Trading Symbol Flag true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:trueItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ivfh.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

innovfood20250130_8k.htm 
ivfh-20250129.xsd 
ivfh-20250129_lab.xml 
ivfh-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001185185-25-000064-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>innovfood20250130_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000312257 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

8-K 
2025-01-29 
Innovative Food Holdings, Inc. 
FL 
000-09376 
20-1167761 
9696 Bonita Beach Rd, Suite 208 
Bonita Springs 
FL 
34135 
(239) 
596-0204 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
None 
0000312257 
false 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>