<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001711.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001711.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107170029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001711
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gain Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819411
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				851726310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40237
		FILM NUMBER:		25515582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 HAMPDEN LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 500-1556

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 HAMPDEN LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252048d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000181941100018194112025-01-062025-01-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 6, 2025

Gain
Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact Name of the Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-40237 85-1726310

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

4800
Montgomery Lane, Suite 220

Bethesda,
Maryland20814

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(301)
500-1556

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value GANX The
NASDAQStock
Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment of Chief Executive Officer
and Director

On January 7, 2025, Gain
Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) announced that Gene Mack has been appointed the Companys President and Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors), effective January 6, 2025. Mr.
Mack has been serving as the Companys Chief Financial Officer since April 8, 2024 and as interim Chief Executive Officer since
June 27, 2024. Mr. Mack resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer upon his appointment as Chief Executive Officer.

Mr. Macks biographical
information is described in the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on April 26, 2024. There are no family relationships, as defined in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, between Mr. Mack and any of the Companys
executive officers or directors or persons nominated or chosen to become directors or executive officers. There is no arrangement or
understanding between Mr. Mack and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Mack was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer
or a member of the Board of Directors. There are no transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Macks
appointment as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment
agreement with Mr. Mack, dated January 6, 2025 (the Amendment), pursuant to which Mr. Mack is entitled to an annual base
salary of $500,000 and is eligible for an annual incentive cash bonus with a target payout of 50% of his annual base salary.

In the event of termination
of Mr. Macks employment by the Company without Cause, by Mr. Mack for Good Reason or Mr. Macks
employment terminates upon his death or Disability (as each such capitalized term is defined in the Amendment), in all cases
subject to Mr. Mack entering into and not revoking a separation agreement in a form acceptable to the Company, then he will be entitled
to severance as follows: (i) an amount equal to his base salary in effect immediately prior to the termination date and (ii) for the period
starting on the date of termination and ending 12 months after such date, or, in the event of a change of control, the period starting on the date of termination and ending 18 months after such date (the Severance Period),
the cost of continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA or applicable state continuation coverage laws, for Mr. Mack and his eligible dependents
who were covered under the Companys health insurance plans as of the date of termination.

Alternatively, if Mr. Macks
employment is terminated during a change of control period by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Mack for Good Reason,
then he will be entitled to (i) the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus (as defined in the Amendment) and the amount of the Target Bonus (as defined
in the Amendment) that would accrue during the Severance Period and (ii) acceleration of vesting of all outstanding unvested stock awards,
including future stock options, RSUs, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and
equity incentive award plans and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof. In either case, Mr. Macks receipt of severance
payments and benefits is subject to Mr. Mack signing (and not revoking) a release of claims within the time period stated therein, but
in no event later than sixty days after the termination.

In addition, the Amendment
provides that Mr. Mack is eligible for equity incentive grants as determined by the Board in its sole discretion from time to time.
Mr. Mack is also eligible to participate in the Companys employee benefit plans, as may be maintained by the Company from
time to time, on the same terms as other similarly situated employees of the Company.

In connection with Mr. Macks
appointment as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mack received an option to purchase up to 271,325 shares
of the Companys common stock, at an exercise price of $2.44, with 25% vesting on the first anniversary thereof and the balance
vesting in equal monthly installments over the remainder of the three year vesting period, in each case subject to Mr. Macks continuous
employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Mr. Mack is also eligible to receive an option to purchase up to 271,325
shares of the Companys common stock upon satisfaction of performance goal(s) to be established by the Board of Directors and/or
the Companys compensation committee.

The foregoing description
of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amendment, a copy of which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Mr. Mack will not receive
any additional compensation for his service on the Board of Directors, and Mr. Mack was not appointed to serve on any committees of the
Board of Directors.

The Company has previously
entered into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Mr. Mack, the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021.

Appointment of Principal Financial Officer

In
connection with Mr. Macks appointment as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer,
on January 6, 2025, the Board of Directors appointed Gianluca Fuggetta, the Companys current
Vice President of Finance and Principal Accounting Officer, as the Companys Senior Vice President, Finance and the Companys Principal Financial Officer.

Mr. Fuggetta, age 36, has served as the Company's Principal Accounting Officer since January 2023 and was appointed as Vice President
of Finance in January 2024. He previously held the position as the Company's Principal Financial Officer from February to April 2024.
Prior to these roles, Mr. Fuggetta served as the Company's Senior Finance Director from January to December 2023, and as Finance Director
from July to December 2022. Before joining the Company, Mr. Fuggetta gained extensive experience at PwC, where he worked from September
2013 to June 2022, ultimately serving as an Assurance Manager. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Universit
Cattolica del Sacro Cuore and a Master's degree in Accounting, Auditing and Control from Universit Bocconi.

Mr.
Fuggetta is entitled to an annual base salary of CHF 200,000 and is eligible for an annual incentive cash bonus with a target
payout of 30% of his annual base salary.

There
is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Fuggetta and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Fuggetta has been
appointed as Principal Financial Officer, and there is no family relationship between Mr. Fuggetta and any of the
Companys directors or executive officers. Mr. Fuggetta has no interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant
to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 7, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing Messrs. Mack and Fuggettas appointments, which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1
and is incorporated by reference herein.

The information in this Current
Report on Form 8-K under Item 7.01, including the information contained in Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished to the SEC, and shall not
be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by a specific reference
in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 First
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Gain Therapeutics, Inc. and Gene Mack, dated January 6, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated January 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL
document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

Gain Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: January 7, 2025 By: /s/ Khalid Islam

Name: Khalid Islam

Title: Chairman of the Board
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252048d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This First Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement (Agreement) is effective as of January 6, 2025 (Effective Date), by and between
Gain Therapeutics, Inc. (Company) and Gene Mack, MBA (Executive). This Agreement amends, restates
and supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive entered into effective April 8, 2024 the Prior
Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to promote the Executive from the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer to the Companys President
and Chief Executive Officer as further set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Executive
desires to serve the Company in such capacity, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for
and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the Company and Executive agree as follows:

1. EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY

1.1.Position. Subject to terms set forth herein, the
Company agrees to employ Executive in the position of President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive hereby accepts such employment.
While serving as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Executive shall serve on the Board of Directors of the Company. Executive agrees
that, upon ceasing to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company for any reason, Executive shall simultaneously resign from the Board
of Directors, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company. At the Companys request, Executive shall serve the Company and/or
its subsidiaries and affiliates in such other capacities in addition to the foregoing as the Company shall designate, provided that such
additional capacities are consistent with Executives position as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. In the event that
Executive serves in any one or more of such additional capacities, Executives compensation shall not automatically be increased
on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement.

1.2.Duties and Exclusivity. Executive: (i) shall serve
as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, with responsibilities, duties, and authority usual and customary for such
position, subject to direction by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board); (ii) shall report directly
to the Board; and (iii) agrees promptly and faithfully to comply with all reasonable and lawful directions from the Board and all present
and future Company policies. During his employment with the Company, Executive shall devote his best efforts and substantially all of
his time and attention to the business of the Company, except as provided in Section 4 below and vacation periods and periods of illness
or other incapacities in accordance with the Companys employment policies. Nothing in this section prevents Executive from (1)
engaging in additional activities in connection with personal investments and community affairs, and (2) serving as a member of the board
of directors of no more than one (1) organization that is not a competitor of the Company and is approved by the Board; provided such
activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement, violate
the Companys standards of conduct then in effect, comply with the Companys insider trading policies, or raise a conflict
under the Companys conflict of interest policies.

1.3.Location. Executives primary office location
shall be at the Companys corporate offices in the Washington, DC metropolitan area, with remote work allowed at Executives
primary residence in the state of New Jersey on a regular and continuous basis. The Company reserves the right to reasonably require Executive
to perform his duties at places other than at his primary office location from time to time, and to require reasonable business travel.

1.4.Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on
the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated in accordance with Section 6.

1.5.Policies and Procedures. The employment relationship
between the parties shall be subject to the Companys personnel policies and procedures as they may be interpreted, adopted, revised
or deleted from time to time in the Companys sole discretion; provided that if the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in
conflict with the Companys personnel policies or procedures, this Agreement shall control.

2. COMPENSATION

2.1.Base Salary. For services rendered by Executive pursuant
to this Agreement, Executive shall receive an annualized base salary of $500,000 as may be adjusted from time to time by the compensation
committee of the Board at its discretion (Base Salary), payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll
schedule, less any payroll withholding and deductions in accordance with applicable law.

2.2.Annual Bonus. During Executives employment
with the Company, and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, Executive shall be eligible for an annual incentive cash bonus
(Annual Bonus) with a target of fifty percent (50%) of the Base Salary (Target Bonus). The actual
Annual Bonus earned in any particular year may be more or less, including zero, than the Target Bonus based on the achievement of corporate
and personal goals established and approved by the Board, the achievement of which is determined at the discretion of the Board. The Executive
must remain employed by the Company through the date of payment in order to remain eligible for such Annual Bonus.

2.3.Long-Term Equity Incentives. 

(a)Executive will be eligible for equity incentive grants as determined by the Board in its sole discretion from time to time. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive will receive the following:

(i) On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, an option, pursuant to the Gain Therapeutics Inc. 2022 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan), to purchase up to 271,325 shares of the Companys common stock (the Common
Stock), at an exercise price per share equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined and determined under the 2022 Plan)
of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant (the Promotion Option). Subject to Executives Continuous Service
(as defined in the 2022 Plan) through each applicable vesting date, the Promotion Option shall vest and become exercisable as to
25% of the shares subject thereto on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, with the remaining balance vesting and becoming exercisable
in substantially equal monthly installments over the three (3) year period thereafter on the same day of the month as the Effective Date.

(ii)Subject to the approval of the Board, upon attainment of performance goal(s) to be established by the Compensation Committee following
the Effective Date, an option, pursuant to the 2022 Plan, to purchase up to 271,325 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price per share
equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined and determined under the 2022 Plan) of a share of Common Stock on the date of
grant (the Performance Option). Subject to Executives Continuous Service (as defined in the 2022 Plan) through
each applicable vesting date, the Performance Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 100% of the shares subject thereto
on the first anniversary of the Performance Options grant date.

(b)The Promotion Option and the Performance Option shall be subject to the terms of the 2022 Plan and applicable option grant agreements
thereunder, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board.

2.4.Business and Entertainment Expenses. Subject to the Companys
standard policies and procedures for expense reimbursement as applied to its executive employees generally, the Company shall reimburse
Executive for, or pay on behalf of Executive, reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for Company-related travel, entertainment, professional
licensing, continuing education and other expenses incurred by Executive on behalf of the Company.

2.5.Other Company Benefits. Executive shall be eligible
to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company and made available to its similarly situated
executives. Executive shall also be eligible to accrue annual vacation in accordance with the Companys standard policies and as
otherwise provided for senior executive officers, as may be amended from time to time, but in no event less than twenty (20) working days,
prorated for partial years of service. Working days are all calendar days with the exception of Saturdays, Sundays and the designated
Company holidays. Vacation time must be taken in the year it is earned and unused time does not rollover to the subsequent year. 

3. INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION

1.2Life, Disability and Key Man Insurance. In the event the Company establishes plans for life, disability and key man insurance,
Executive shall be eligible to participate in those plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of those plans and their applicability
to employees such as Executive.

3.1.D&O Insurance. The Company shall obtain and maintain
at the Companys expense during the term of this Agreement liability insurance for the directors and officers of the Company (D&O
insurance) for any acts or omissions of Executive covered by the applicable insurance policy in an amount comparable to other companies
in the biotechnology industry with a similar risk profile.

3.2.Indemnification. The Company and Executive acknowledge
that they previously entered into a separate indemnification agreement which remains in full force and effect. 

4. OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES DURING EMPLOYMENT

4.1.Exclusive Employment. Executive shall not engage
in any business activity which, in the Boards reasonable judgment, is likely to interfere with Executives ability to discharge
his duties and responsibilities to the Company. Executive may engage in civic and not-for-profit activities and participate in industry
associations, including by joining civic boards and boards of industry associations so long as such activities do not materially interfere
with the performance of his duties hereunder. As of the Effective Date, Executive does not serve on any board of directors of for-profit
companies. During the term of this Agreement, Executive may join the board of directors of for-profit companies with the Boards
prior approval.

4.2.No Adverse Interests. Except as permitted by Section
4.3, Executive agrees not to acquire, assume or participate in, directly or indirectly, any position, investment or interest known by
him to be adverse or antagonistic to the Company, its business or prospects, financial or otherwise, or engage in any business that creates
a conflict of interest with his duties of loyalty to the Company.

4.3.Non-Competition during Term of Agreement. During
the term of this Agreement, except on behalf of the Company or as expressly authorized by the Board, Executive shall not directly or indirectly,
whether as an officer, director, stockholder, partner, proprietor, associate, representative, consultant, or in any capacity whatsoever
engage in, become financially interested in, be employed by or have any business connection with any other person, corporation, firm,
partnership or other entity whatsoever which were known by him to compete directly with the Company, throughout the world, in any line
of business engaged in (or planned to be engaged in) by the Company; provided, however, that anything above to the contrary notwithstanding,
he or his immediate family may own, as a passive investor, securities of any competitor corporation, so long as his direct holdings in
any one such corporation shall not in the aggregate constitute more than one percent (1%) of the voting stock of such corporation.

5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION

As a condition of employment,
Executive agrees to execute and abide by the Gain Therapeutics, Inc. Employee Confidential Information And Inventions Assignment Agreement
(CIIAA), the Executive previously signed which is incorporated herein by reference and remains in full force and
effect, as may be amended by the parties from time to time, and which contains provisions that are intended by the parties to survive
and that do survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, including certain non-solicitation and non-competition covenants.

6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

6.1.Definitions. For purposes of this Section 6, the
following terms have the following meanings:

Accrued Obligations
means (i) Executives earned but unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date; (ii) a lump-sum payment for any accrued but unused
vacation days; and (iii) any unpaid expense or other reimbursements due pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof.

Beneficiary
means the designee(s) listed in Exhibit A who are entitled to receive payments under Section 6.3 upon the death of Executive.

Cause
means the Companys determination that the Executive has engaged in one or more of the following: (i) Executives conviction
of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or any crime involving theft, embezzlement, dishonesty or moral turpitude; (ii)
any act by Executive constituting willful misconduct, deliberate malfeasance, dishonesty, unethical conduct or gross negligence in the
performance of his duties; (iii) Executives willful and continued failure to perform any of the duties of his position (which has
not been cured within thirty (30) days following the first written notice from the Company describing such failure in reasonable detail);
or (iv) any material breach (which has not been cured within thirty (30) days following the first written notice from the Company describing
such breach in reasonable detail) by Executive of this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its
affiliates.

Change of Control
means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) any third party or group of third parties becomes the beneficial owner, directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Companys
then outstanding securities; provided that if the third party or group of third parties is already deemed to own more than 50% of the
total fair market value or total voting power, then the acquisition of additional stock by such third party or group of third parties
shall not constitute an additional Change in Control; (ii) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company; (iii) the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; or (iv) a merger, consolidation or reorganization
of the Company with or involving any other entity, other than a merger, consolidation or reorganization that would result in the voting
securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least a 50% of the combined voting power of the Company (or such surviving entity)
outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization owned in approximately the same proportion of such ownership
by each of the prior shareholders as prior to the transaction.

Change of Control
Period means the period starting on the date of a Change of Control and ending twelve (12) months after a Change of Control.

Change of Control
Termination means a termination of this Agreement during the Change of Control Period by the Company without Cause, by Executive
for Good Reason, or due to Executives death or Disability.

COBRA
means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended.

Disability
means Executives becoming incapacitated for a period of at least one hundred eighty (180) days in the aggregate during any twelve
(12) month period by accident, sickness or other circumstance that renders Executive mentally or physically incapable of performing the
material duties and services required of Executive hereunder on a full-time basis during such period, or based on the written certification
by two licensed physicians of the likely continuation of such condition for such period. This definition shall be interpreted and applied
consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable law.

Good Reason
means any of the following without the Executives consent: (i) any material diminution of Executives authority, duties or
responsibilities or the assignment to Executive of duties or responsibilities which are materially inconsistent with Executives
position; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in Executives Base Salary other than a reduction that is also applicable in
a substantially similar manner and proportion to the other senior executives of the Company; (iii) any material breach of this Agreement
by the Company; or (iv) any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company
which, for purposes of this provision, shall be a material breach of this Agreement, provided, however, that, any such termination by
Executive shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to this definition if: (1) Executive gives the Company written notice of his intent
to terminate for Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the later of (x) the first occurrence of the condition(s) that he believes
constitute(s) Good Reason or (y) Executive becoming aware of such condition(s), which notice shall describe such condition(s); (2) the
Company fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period);
(3) the Company has not, prior to receiving such notice from Executive, already informed Executive that his employment with the Company
is being terminated; and (4) Executive voluntarily terminates his employment within thirty (30) days following the end of the Cure Period.

Pro-Rata Annual
Bonus means an amount equal to (i) the Annual Bonus that Executive would have been eligible to receive for the calendar year
that includes the Termination Date if his employment hereunder had continued (as determined by the Board based upon the actual achievement
of the applicable performance goals), multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days he was employed hereunder
during such year and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year.

Release
means the execution of a separation agreement, including a general release of claims, with reasonable and customary terms, in the form
presented by the Company; provided, however, that in the event that the Severance Benefits (as defined below) shall be provided under
this Agreement following Executives death, then the Release shall be revised as appropriate for Executives Beneficiary to
execute.

Severance Period
means the period starting on the Termination Date and ending twelve (12) months after the Termination Date, or, in the event of a Change
of Control Termination, the period starting on the Termination Date and ending eighteen (18) months after the Termination Date.

Stock Awards
means any future stock options, RSUs, restricted stock and such other awards granted pursuant to the Companys stock option and
equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise thereof.

Termination Date
means the date on which this Agreement and Executives employment hereunder terminates.

6.2.Termination of Agreement. This Agreement and Executives
employment with the Company is terminable at will by the Company or by Executive for any reason or no reason, each by written notice to
the other party effective upon receipt or on a later termination date agreed with the other party. In addition, this Agreement terminates
upon death or Disability of Executive.

6.3.Terminations with Severance.

(a)If the Company terminates this Agreement without Cause three months after the Effective Date or thereafter, or Executive terminates
this Agreement for Good Reason, or this Agreement terminates upon death or Disability of Executive, the Company shall pay or award to
Executive (or his Beneficiaries upon termination for the death of Executive) the Accrued Obligations on the Termination Date, and subject
to execution and non-revocation of the Release by Executive (or Executives Beneficiary in the event of Executives death),
on the date on which the Release may no longer be revoked, the following payments and severance benefits (Severance Benefits):

(i)an amount equal to Executives Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date
that would be payable to Executive if this Agreement continued during the applicable Severance Period in regular payroll installments
over the course of the Severance Period;

(ii)upon a Change of Control Termination, the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus and the amount of the Target Bonus
that would accrue during the applicable Severance Period;

(iii)for the applicable Severance Period, the cost of continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA or applicable
state continuation coverage laws, for Executive and his eligible dependents who were covered under the Companys health insurance
plans as of the date of the termination of this Agreement (provided that Executive shall be solely responsible for all matters relating
to his continuation of coverage pursuant to COBRA or any corresponding state law, including, without limitation, his election of such
coverage and his timely payment of premiums);

(iv)if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to a Change of Control Termination, acceleration of vesting
of all of Executives outstanding unvested Stock Awards. The provisions concerning vesting pursuant to this subsection (iv) is hereby
deemed to be a part of all equity incentive grants, including any future stock options, RSUs, restricted stock and such other awards granted
pursuant to the Companys stock option and equity incentive award plans or agreements and any shares of stock issued upon exercise
thereof, (each a Stock Award) and to supersede any less favorable provision in any agreement or plan regarding such
Stock Award.

(b)Notwithstanding anything herein, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Executives death or Disability and if the Company
has paid for or provided the Executive with life insurance or long-term disability insurance coverage as set forth in Section 3.1, then
the amount paid pursuant to such insurance shall be credited against the amount of the Severance Benefits payable by the Company pursuant
to Section 6.3(a)(i), (ii) and (iv).

(c)As a condition precedent to receipt of any Severance Benefits, Executive shall provide the Company with the executed and effective
Release, within the time period stated therein, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the date of Executives termination
from employment and must no longer be subject to revocation. Upon execution of the Release, Executive shall be entitled to Severance Benefits
described herein. As a further condition to receipt of any Severance Benefits, Executive must comply with Executives post-termination
obligations under this Agreement and the CIIAA.

6.4.Terminations without Severance. If this Agreement
is terminated by Executive without Good Reason or by the Company for Cause, Executive shall be provided with the Accrued Obligations,
but no other payments or severance benefits.

6.5.Cooperation Obligations.

(a)Resignation from Positions. Upon the termination of Executives employment for any reason,
Executive shall immediately resign from each position held with the Company and its affiliates as of the Termination Date, if requested
to do so by the Company, subject to any applicable legal requirements regarding such resignation.

(b)Transition Activities. After delivery or receipt by Executive of any notice of termination,
and for a reasonable period following any termination of this Agreement (to include any period for which Executive has been provided Base
Salary as a severance benefit), Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters relating to the winding up of Executives
pending work and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other employees as may be designated by the Company.

(c)Return of the Companys Property. If the Company has delivered or received a notice
of termination of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right, at its option, to require Executive to vacate his offices and to cease
all activities on the Companys behalf prior to the effective date of termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement, as a
condition to Executives receipt of any post- termination benefits described in this Agreement, Executive shall immediately surrender
to the Company all lists, books and records of, or in connection with, the Companys business, and all other tangible and intangible
property belonging to the Company, it being distinctly understood that all such lists, books and records, and other property, are the
property of the Company. Executive shall deliver to the Company a signed statement certifying compliance with this Section 6.5 prior to
the receipt of any Severance Benefits described in this Agreement.

(d)Litigation. At all times during his employment and thereafter, Executive shall cooperate with
the Company in responding to the reasonable requests of the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or General
Counsel, in connection with any and all existing or future litigation, arbitrations, mediations or investigations brought by or against
the Company, or its or their respective affiliates, agents, officers, directors or employees, whether administrative, civil or criminal
in nature, in which the Company reasonably deems Executives cooperation necessary or desirable. In such matters, Executive agrees
to provide the Company with reasonable advice, assistance and information, including offering and explaining evidence, providing sworn
statements, and participating in discovery and trial preparation and testimony. Executive also agrees to promptly send the Company copies
of all correspondence (for example, but not limited to, subpoenas) received by Executive in connection with any such legal proceedings,
unless Executive is expressly prohibited by law from so doing.

(e)Expenses and Fees. So long as the Executive provides advance written notice to the Company
before incurring such expense and receives pre-approval from the Company, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable out- of-pocket
expenses incurred by Executive as a result of his cooperation with the obligations described in this Section 6.5 (b) and (d), within thirty
(30) days of the presentation of appropriate documentation thereof, in accordance with the Companys standard reimbursement policies
and procedures. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, Executive shall not be eligible for any compensation for activities performed
pursuant to this Section 6.5 during the applicable Severance Period. In the event the Company requests extensive time from the Executive
in connection with this Section 6.5 (b) and/or (d) not within the Severance Period and subject to written pre-approval by the Company,
the Company shall pay Executive a compensation for activities performed based on an hourly rate of 160th of Executives
monthly Base Salary immediately preceding the termination of employment (the Fees). In performing obligations under
this Section 6.5(b) and (d) following termination of this Agreement, Executive agrees and acknowledges that he shall be serving as an
independent contractor, not as a Company employee, and he shall be entirely responsible for the payment of all income taxes and any other
taxes due and owing as a result of the payment of Fees, shall not be eligible to participate in any Company benefit plans while performing
such services.

6.6.Modification of Payments.

(a)In the event it is determined that any payment, right or distribution by the Company or any other
person or entity to or for the benefit of Executive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, in connection with, or arising
out of, his employment with the Company or a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a substantial portion of its assets
(a Payment) is a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code) on account of the aggregate value of the Payments due to Executive being equal to
or greater than three times the base amount, as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code, (the Parachute Threshold)
so that Executive would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax) and the
net after-tax benefit that Executive would receive by reducing the Payments to the Parachute Threshold is greater than the net after-tax
benefit Executive would receive if the full amount of the Payments were paid to Executive, then the Payments payable to Executive shall
be reduced (but not below zero) so that the Payments due to Executive do not exceed the amount of the Parachute Threshold, reducing first
any Payments under Section 6.3(a) hereof.

(b)The Company hereby agrees that, for purposes of determining whether any payment and benefits set
forth in Section 6.3(a) above would be subject to the Excise Tax, the non- compete set forth in the CIIAA above shall be treated as an
agreement for the performance of personal services. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Executive from and
against any adverse impact, tax, penalty, or excise tax resulting from the Company or accountants attribution of a value to the
non-compete set forth in the CIIAA that is less than the total compensation amount that would be disclosed under Item 402(c) of Securities
and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K if Executive had been a named executive officer of the Company in the year prior
to year of the event that triggers the Excise Tax, to the extent the use of such lesser amount results in a larger Excise Tax than Executive
would have been subject to had the Company or accountant attributed a value to the non-compete set forth in the CIIAA that is at least
equal to the total compensation amount disclosed under Item 402(c) of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K for such year.

6.7.Section 409A.

(a)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement is intended to be interpreted and
applied so that the payment of the benefits set forth herein shall either be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
(Section 409A) or shall comply with the requirements of such provision.

(b)Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is a specified
employee within the meaning of Section 409A, any payments or arrangements due upon a termination of Executives employment
under any arrangement that constitutes a nonqualified deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and which
do not otherwise qualify under the exemptions under Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-1 (including without limitation, the short-term deferral
exemption or the permitted payments under Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)), shall be delayed and paid or provided, without
interest, on the earlier of (i) the date which is six (6) months after Executives separation from service (as such
term is defined in Section 409A and the regulations and other published guidance thereunder) for any reason other than death, and (ii)
the date of Executives death.

(c)After any Termination Date, Executive shall have no duties or responsibilities that are inconsistent
with having a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement
to the contrary, distributions upon termination of employment of nonqualified deferred compensation may only be made upon a separation
from service as determined under Section 409A and such date shall be the Termination Date for purposes of this Agreement. Each
payment under this Agreement or otherwise shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. In no event may Executive,
directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement which constitutes a nonqualified
deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and to the extent an amount is payable within a time period, the time
during which such amount is paid shall be in the discretion of the Company.

7. GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1.Notices. Any notices provided hereunder must be in
writing and shall be deemed effective upon the earlier of personal delivery or receipt if delivered by mail or courier service, to the
Company at its primary office location and to Executive at his address as listed on the Company payroll or Executives then current
place of abode.

7.2.Confidentiality. Unless publicly disclosed by the
Company, Executive shall hold the provisions of this Agreement in strictest confidence and shall not publicize or disclose this Agreement
in any manner whatsoever; provided, however, that Executive may disclose this Agreement: (a) to Executives immediate family; (b)
in confidence to his attorneys, accountants, auditors, tax preparers, and financial advisors; (c) insofar as such disclosure may be necessary
to enforce its terms or as otherwise permitted or required by law. In particular, and without limitation, Executive agrees not to disclose
the terms of this Agreement to any current or former employee of the Company.

7.3.Reasonableness of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges
and agrees that (a) he has read this Agreement in its entirety and understands it, (b) the limitations imposed in this Agreement and the
CIIAA do not prevent him from earning a living or pursuing his career following the termination of this Agreement, and (c) the restrictions
contained herein and therein are reasonable, proper, and necessitated by the Companys legitimate business interests. Executive
represents and agrees that he is entering into this Agreement and the CIIAA freely and with knowledge of its contents with the intent
to be bound by the Agreement and the restrictions contained in it.

7.4.Arbitration and Remedies. The parties recognize that
litigation in federal or state courts or before federal or state administrative agencies of disputes arising out of Executives
employment with the Company or out of this Agreement, or Executives termination of employment or termination of this Agreement,
may not be in the best interests of either Executive or the Company, and may result in unnecessary costs, delays, complexities, and uncertainty.
The parties agree that any dispute between the parties arising out of or relating to the negotiation, execution, performance or termination
of this Agreement or Executives employment, including, but not limited to, any claim arising out of this Agreement, claims under
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1966, as amended, the Family Medical Leave Act, Executive
Retirement Income Security Act, and any similar federal, state or local law, statute, regulation, or any common law doctrine, whether
that dispute arises during or after employment, or any other dispute between the parties shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance
with the Employment Rules of JAMS by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with said rules and in accordance with the Federal Arbitration
Act; provided however, that this dispute resolution provision shall not apply to any separate agreements between the parties that do not
themselves specify arbitration as an exclusive remedy and further shall not apply to discrimination, harassment, or retaliation claims
to the extent prohibited by applicable law. As it may be impossible to assess the damages caused by violation of this Agreement or any
of its terms, the parties agree upon the threatened or actual violation of this Agreement or any of its terms the aggrieved party shall
have the right to obtain injunctive relief from a court, without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies for a breach
or threatened breach of this Agreement. The location for the arbitration shall be the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Any award made
by such panel shall be final, binding and conclusive on the parties for all purposes, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. To the extent applicable law prohibits mandatory arbitration of discrimination,
harassment, and/or retaliation claims, in the event Executive intends to bring multiple claims, including a discrimination, harassment,
and/or retaliation claim, the discrimination, harassment, and/or retaliation claim may be publicly filed with a court, while any other
claims shall remain subject to mandatory arbitration. The arbitrators fees and expenses and all administrative fees and expenses
associated with the filing of the arbitration shall be borne by the Company; provided however, that at Executives option, Executive
may voluntarily pay up to one-half the costs and fees. The parties acknowledge and agree that their obligations to arbitrate under this
Section survive the termination of this Agreement and continue after the termination of the employment relationship between Executive
and the Company. The parties each further agree that the arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall provide each party with its exclusive
remedy, and each party expressly waives any right it might have to seek redress in any other forum, except as otherwise expressly provided
in this Agreement. By election arbitration as the means for final settlement of all claims (other than the Excluded Claims), the parties
hereby waive their respective rights to, and agree not to, sue each other in any action in a Federal, State or local court with respect
to such claims, but may seek to enforce in court an arbitration award rendered pursuant to this Agreement. The parties specifically agree
to waive their respective rights to a trial by jury, and further agree that no demand, request or motion shall be made for trial by jury.

7.5.Surviving Clauses. Sections 3.2, 3.3, 5, 6, 7 (including
the definitions of any defined terms referenced therein) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

7.6.Severability. In the event that a court finds this
Agreement, or any of its restrictions, to be ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, the parties agree that the court shall read the Agreement
as a whole and interpret the restriction(s) at issue to be enforceable and valid to the maximum extent allowed by law. If the court declines
to enforce this Agreement in the manner provided in this Section 7.6, Executive and the Company agree that this Agreement shall be automatically
modified to provide the Company with the maximum protection of its business interests allowed by law and Executive agrees to be bound
by this Agreement as modified. In case any one or more of the provisions, subsections, or sentences contained in this Agreement will,
for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall
not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provision had never been contained herein.

7.7.Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of
any provisions of this Agreement or fail to enforce performance by the other party, he or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived
any preceding or succeeding breach or performance of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. Any such waiver shall be effective
only if made in writing and signed by the Party waiving such breach or performance.

7.8.Complete Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement and
its Exhibits, constitute the entire agreement between Executive and the Company and it is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment
of their agreement with regard to this subject matter. This Agreement replaces all previous agreements regarding the service relationship
of Executive with the Company. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained
herein. This Agreement cannot be modified or amended except in a writing signed by an authorized representative of the Company and Executive.

7.9.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate
counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same Agreement.

7.10.Assignment; Assumption by Successor; Non-transferability of Interest.

(a)The Company may assign this Agreement, without the consent of Executive, to any business entity which
at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly, acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business
of the Company. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to assume and to agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the
same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place; provided, however, that no such assumption
shall relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder. As used in this Agreement, the Company shall mean the Company as
herein defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation
of law or otherwise.

(b)None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement
shall be assignable or transferable except through a testamentary disposition or by the laws of descent and distribution upon the death
of Executive. Any attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition (other than as aforesaid) of any interest in the rights
of Executive to receive any form of compensation to be made by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be void.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing Section 7.10(b), this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Beneficiaries or Executives personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts under Section 6 of this
Agreement would still be payable to him hereunder if he had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall
be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Beneficiaries or Executives devisee, legatee or other designee or,
should there be no such designee, to Executives estate.

7.11.Headings. The headings of the sections hereof are
inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof.

7.12.Construction. The language in all parts of this Agreement
shall in all cases be construed simply, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any of the parties hereto. Without
limitation, there shall be no presumption against any party on the ground that such party was responsible for drafting this Agreement
or any part thereof.

7.13.Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Delaware.

[Signatures to follow on next page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

GAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.:

By: /s/Khalid Islam, Ph.D. 

Name: Khalid Islam, Ph.D. 

Title: Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

EXECUTIVE:

By: /s/ Gene Mack, MBA 

Name: Gene Mack, MBA 

EXHIBIT A

BENEFICIARIES
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252048d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Gain Therapeutics
Appoints Gene Mack as Chief Executive Officer and Director

Gene Mack Has
Served As CFO Since April 2024 And Interim CEO Since June 2024

Gianluca Fuggetta
Will Assume The Role Of Senior Vice President, Finance

BETHESDA, Md., January 07, 2025
-- Gain Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: GANX) (Gain, or the Company), a clinical-stage biotechnology
company leading the discovery and development of the next generation of allosteric small molecule therapies, today announced that Gene
Mack, who has served as the Companys Chief Financial Officer since April 2024 and interim Chief Executive Officer since June 2024,
has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 6, 2025. Mr. Mack has also been appointed as a
member of the Companys Board of Directors, effective January 6, 2025. Additionally, Gianluca Fuggetta, the Companys
current Finance Vice President, has been appointed Senior Vice President, Finance and the Companys Principal Financial Officer.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I
am pleased to announce that Mr. Gene Mack has been promoted to lead Gain Therapeutics as Chief Executive Officer. Over the last
nine months Gene has served as both our CFO and interim CEO and has demonstrated a leadership approach that supports strong alignment
between the Companys short-term and long-term objectives. Genes appointment as CEO will maintain continuity as GT-02287
advances through clinical development. Since joining Gain, Gene has proven himself to be a strategic and effective leader who is focused
on achieving the Companys goals for patients, shareholders, and other stakeholders. It is also my pleasure to welcome Gene to
the Board of Directors and I look forward to his contributions in the future, stated Dr. Islam, Chairman of the Board of
Directors. Following Genes appointment as CEO, I will no longer maintain an executive role in the Company but will
continue in my function as Chairman of the Board of Directors, concluded Dr. Islam.

Gene Mack, newly appointed CEO of Gain,
added, I am honored by the opportunity to lead the passionate team we have here at Gain a team that I have grown very
fond of after experiencing firsthand during 2024 how uniformly committed everyone is to our mission of developing truly disease-altering
treatments that go beyond temporary symptom relief. I look forward to providing continuing support and contributing to the impressive
work being done by my colleagues at Gain as we guide our lead candidate, GT-02287, through the currently ongoing Phase 1b trial in people
with Parkinsons Disease during the first half of 2025, while also preparing for potential Phase 2 activities during the second
half of 2025.

Gene has over 25 years of experience
in the life sciences sector spanning clinical research, financing and capital markets, investing, corporate strategy and business development.
Prior to joining Gain, Gene was CFO at privately held Imcyse SA between 2021 and 2023. Prior to Imcyse, Gene was CFO at OncoC4, a privately
held biotechnology company that spun out of Merck & Cos (MSD) acquisition of OncoImmune in 2020 where he had also been
CFO. Before that, he has held the CFO role for several development- and commercial-stage biopharmaceutical companies. Prior to his operational
experience, Gene covered the biotechnology and life sciences sector as a senior publishing analyst at various investment banks, including
Gruntal & Co, Lazard, Mizuho, and HSBC. Gene received his BS in Biochemistry and MBA in Finance from Fordham University.

About
GT-02287

Gain Therapeutics lead drug candidate, GT-02287, is in clinical development for
the treatment of Parkinsons disease (PD) with or without a GBA1 mutation. The orally administered, brain-penetrant small molecule
is an allosteric protein modulator that restores the function of the lysosomal protein enzyme glucocerebrosidase (GCase) which becomes
misfolded and impaired due to mutations in the GBA1 gene, the most common genetic abnormality associated with PD, or other age-related
stress factors. In preclinical models of PD, GT-02287 restored GCase enzymatic function, reduced aggregated -synuclein, neuroinflammation
and neuronal death, and improved motor function and cognitive performance. Additionally, GT-02287 significantly reduced plasma neurofilament
light chain (NfL) levels, an emerging biomarker for neurodegeneration.

Compelling preclinical data in models
of both GBA1-PD and idiopathic PD, demonstrating a disease-modifying effect after administration of GT-02287, suggests that GT-02287
may have the potential to slow or stop the progression of Parkinsons disease.

Gains lead program in Parkinsons
disease has been awarded funding support from The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinsons Research (MJFF) and The Silverstein
Foundation for Parkinsons with GBA, as well as from the Eurostars-2 joint program with co-funding from the European Union Horizon
2020 research and Innosuisse Swiss Innovation Agency.

About
Gain Therapeutics, Inc.

Gain Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company
leading the discovery and development of next generation allosteric therapies. Gains lead drug candidate, GT-02287 is currently
being evaluated for the treatment of Parkinsons disease with or without a GBA1 mutation. Results from a Phase 1 study of GT-02287
in healthy volunteers demonstrated favorable safety and tolerability, plasma exposure in the projected therapeutic range, CNS exposure,
and target engagement and modulation of GCase enzyme.

Gains unique approach enables
the discovery of novel, allosteric small molecule modulators that can restore or disrupt protein function. Deploying its highly advanced
Magellan platform, Gain is accelerating drug discovery and unlocking novel disease-modifying treatments for untreatable or difficult-to-treat
disorders including neurodegenerative diseases, rare genetic disorders and oncology.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are typically preceded by words such
as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, will, may,
should, or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect managements current knowledge, assumptions,
judgment and expectations regarding future performance or events. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such
statements are reasonable, they give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct or that those goals will be achieved,
and you should be aware that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, statements
regarding: the development of the Companys current or future product candidates including GT-02287; expectations regarding the
timing of results from a Phase 1b clinical study for GT-02287; expectations regarding the timing of patient enrollment for a Phase 1b
clinical study for GT-02287; and the potential therapeutic and clinical benefits of the Companys product candidates. For
a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking
statements, as well as risks relating to the Companys business in general, please refer to the Companys Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. All forward-looking statements
are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We have no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update,
revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Investor
Contacts:

Apaar Jammu and Chuck Padala

ajammu@gaintherapeutics.com

chuck@lifesciadvisors.com

Media
Contacts:

Russo Partners

Nic Johnson and Elio Ambrosio

nic.johnson@russopartnersllc.com

elio.ambrosio@russopartnersllc.com

(760) 846-9256
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ganx-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ganx-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ganx-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm252048d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40237

Entity Registrant Name Gain
Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001819411

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1726310

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4800
Montgomery Lane

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 220

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 500-1556

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol GANX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gaintherapeutics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ganx-20250106.xsd 
ganx-20250106_lab.xml 
ganx-20250106_pre.xml 
tm252048d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001711-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm252048d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001819411 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001819411 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
Gain Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-40237 
85-1726310 
4800 Montgomery Lane 
Suite 220 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
301 
500-1556 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
GANX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>