<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-047196.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-047196.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305161630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-047196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUCOR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000073309
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				131860817
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04119
		FILM NUMBER:		25711265

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1915 REXFORD RD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7043667000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1915 REXFORD ROAD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUCLEAR CORP OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680911

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AZTEC MECHANICAL CONTRACTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660629
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d923992d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NUCOR CORPfalse000007330900000733092025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

NUCOR CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-4119 13-1860817

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1915 Rexford Road

Charlotte, North Carolina 28211

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (704)366-7000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on

which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.40 per share NUE New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 3, 2025, Nucor Corporation (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters), for the sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.650% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Notes). The Notes have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-274169) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 23, 2023. The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company, indemnification and contribution obligations and other customary terms and conditions. On March 5, 2025, the Company completed the issuance and sale of the Notes and received net proceeds, after expenses and the underwriting discount, of approximately $988.2 million. 

The Underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Underwriters and their respective affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, commercial and investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates. In particular, the affiliates of some of the Underwriters are participants in the Companys unsecured revolving credit facility described in the Companys filings with the SEC. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions or other payments for these transactions. Further, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., one of the Underwriters, is an affiliate of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the trustee under the Indenture (as defined below) that governs the Notes. 

The foregoing summary of the Underwriting Agreement described above does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information set forth under Item 2.03 is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The Notes are governed by, and the Company issued the Notes pursuant to, the terms of an indenture, dated as of August 19, 2014 (the Original Indenture), as amended or supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018, as further amended or supplemented by a second supplemental indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, as further amended or supplemented by a third supplemental indenture, dated as of December 7, 2020, as further amended or supplemented by a fourth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022, as further amended or supplemented by a fifth supplemental indenture, dated as of May 23, 2022, and as further amended or supplemented by a sixth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture), in each case, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee) (collectively, the Indenture). 

The Notes are the Companys senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with the Companys existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Companys existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of the Companys subsidiaries. 

The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the Companys ability and the ability of its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture) to secure indebtedness with a security interest on certain property or stock or to engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain properties. Each series of the Notes is a new issue of securities with no established trading market. The Company does not intend to apply for the listing of any series of the Notes on any securities exchange or for quotation of such Notes on any automated dealer quotation system. 

The 2030 Notes will mature on June 1, 2030 and the 2035 Notes will mature on June 1, 2035, in each case, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company. The 2030 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 4.650% per annum and the 2035 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.100% per annum. The Company will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Payments of principal and interest to owners of book-entry interests are expected to be made in accordance with the procedures of The Depository Trust Company and its participants in effect from time to time. 

At any time prior to May 1, 2030 with respect to the 2030 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes) and March 1, 2035 with respect to the 2035 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes) (each a Par Call Date), the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the Companys option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on their respective Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture) plus the applicable premium specified in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, in each case less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after May 1, 2030 with respect to the 2030 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes) and March 1, 2035 with respect to the 2035 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes), the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the Companys option, at 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

In addition, upon a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture), holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of their Notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Notes, to, but excluding, the purchase date (unless a notice of redemption has been delivered within 30 days after such Change of Control Triggering Event stating that all of the Notes will be redeemed). 

The disclosure required by this Item 2.03 and included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference. The summaries of documents described above do not purport to be complete and such descriptions incorporated herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture and the forms of global notes which are included in Exhibit 4.1 filed herewith. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 3, 2025, among Nucor Corporation and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein 

4.1 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2025, between Nucor Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 

4.2 Form of 4.650% Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 

4.3 Form of 5.100% Notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 

5.1 Opinion of Moore & Van Allen PLLC 

23.1 Consent of Moore & Van Allen PLLC (included in Exhibit 5.1) 

104 Cover Page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NUCOR CORPORATION

Date: March 5, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stephen D. Laxton

Stephen D. Laxton

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d923992dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

NUCOR CORPORATION 

(a
Delaware corporation)

4.650% Notes due 2030 

5.100% Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

Dated: March 3,
2025 

NUCOR CORPORATION 

(a Delaware corporation) 

4.650%
Notes due 2030 

5.100% Notes due 2035 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 3, 2025 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, NY 10036 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10179 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

214 N. Tryon St, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, NC 28202 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street 

Charlotte, NC 28202 

As Representatives of the several
Underwriters 

named in Schedule A hereto 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Nucor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with BofA Securities, Inc.
(BofA Securities), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (J.P. Morgan), U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. (U.S. Bancorp) and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (Wells Fargo Securities and, together with BofA Securities,
J.P. Morgan, U.S. Bancorp and each of the other Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto, the Underwriters, which term shall also include any underwriter substituted as hereinafter provided in Section 10 hereof), for whom BofA
Securities, J.P. Morgan, U.S. Bancorp and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives or you) with respect to the issuance and sale by the Company and purchase by the
Underwriters of up to $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.650% Notes due June 1, 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and up to $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.100% Notes due June 1, 2035 (the 2035

Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Securities) on the terms and conditions stated herein and in Schedule B hereto. The Securities are to be sold to each
Underwriter, acting severally and not jointly, in the respective principal amounts as are set forth in Schedule A hereto opposite the name of such Underwriter. The Securities are to be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of
August 19, 2014, as amended or supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018, as further amended or supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, as further amended or
supplemented by a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2020, as further amended or supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022, as further amended or supplemented by a Fifth
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2022, and as further amended or supplemented by a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, to be dated as of March 5, 2025 (collectively, the Indenture), in each case, between the
Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The Securities and the Indenture are more fully described in the Prospectus referred to below. 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) an automatic shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-274169), including the related base prospectus, which registration statement became effective upon filing
under Rule 462(e) of the rules and regulations of the Commission (the 1933 Act Regulations) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). Such registration statement covers, among other securities, the
registration of the Securities under the 1933 Act. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file a prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B (Rule 430B) of the 1933 Act
Regulations and paragraph (b) of Rule 424 (Rule 424(b)) of the 1933 Act Regulations. Any information included in such prospectus that was omitted from such registration statement at the time it became effective but that is deemed to
be part of and included in such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B is referred to as Rule 430B Information. The prospectus, dated August 23, 2023 (the Base Prospectus), together with the preliminary prospectus
supplement, dated March 3, 2025, used in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act, is
herein called the Preliminary Prospectus. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the amendments thereto to such time, the exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated by reference therein
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act at such time and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein by the 1933 Act Regulations at such time, is herein called the
Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration Statement. The Base Prospectus together with the final prospectus supplement, dated
March 3, 2025, in the form first furnished to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form
S-3 under the 1933 Act, is herein called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to mean and include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR) or any successor thereto. 

2 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information
which is contained, included or stated in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial
statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by the 1933 Act Regulations to be part of or included in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case
may be; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), which is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be. 

Section 1. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to and agrees with each of the
Underwriters as of the Applicable Time referred to in this Section 1(a) and as of the Closing Time referred to in Section 2(b) hereof, that: 

(i) Status as a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (A) At the time of filing the Original Registration Statement,
(B) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus), (C) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the 1933 Act Regulations) made any offer relating to the Securities in reliance
on the exemption provided by Rule 163 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 163) and (D) at the date hereof, the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule
405). The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405, and the Securities, since their registration on the Registration Statement, have been and remain eligible for registration by
the Company on a Rule 405 automatic shelf registration statement. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations objecting to the use of the automatic shelf registration
statement form. 

At the time of filing the Original Registration Statement, at the earliest time thereafter that the
Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined
in Rule 405. 

(ii) Registration Statement, Prospectus and Disclosure at Time of Sale. The Original Registration
Statement became effective upon filing with the Commission under Rule 462(e) of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 462(e)) on August 23, 2023. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement nor any notice
objecting to its use has been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, have been threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the
Commission for additional information has been complied with. 

3 

To the extent that any offer that is a written communication relating to the
Securities was made prior to the filing of the Original Registration Statement by the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this paragraph only, of Rule 163(c) of the 1933 Act Regulations), such communication has been
filed with the Commission in accordance with the exemption provided by Rule 163 and otherwise complied with the requirements of Rule 163, including without limitation the legending requirement, to qualify such offer for the exemption from
Section 5(c) of the 1933 Act provided by Rule 163. 

At the respective times the Original Registration Statement and
each amendment thereto became effective, at each deemed effective date with respect to the offering of the Securities, as determined for the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations, and at the Closing Time, the
Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the 1939 Act), and the rules and regulations of
the Commission under the 1939 Act (the 1939 Act Regulations), and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. 

Neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto, at their respective dates and at
the Closing Time included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. 

The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, when so filed with the Commission, complied in all material
respects with the 1933 Act Regulations and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this offering were identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission
pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

As of
the Applicable Time, (i) the Disclosure Package and (ii) each electronic road show, approved by the Company, when taken together as a whole with the Disclosure Package, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

As used in this subsection and elsewhere in this Agreement: 

Applicable Time means 3:15 P.M. (Eastern time) on March 3, 2025 or such other time as agreed by the Company
and the Underwriters. 

Disclosure Package means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to
the Applicable Time, (ii) the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule C hereto, (iii) the final term sheet prepared and filed pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof, if any, and (iv) any other Free Writing
Prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. 

4 

Free Writing Prospectus means a free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 405. 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 433). 

Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its
issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Securities or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in Section 3(c) hereof, did not, does
not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any preliminary or
other prospectus deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified. 

The representations and warranties
in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any
Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein or to the part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the Trustee under
the 1939 Act. 

(iii) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus on or prior to the Closing Time, at the time they were filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and
the 1933 Act Regulations or the 1934 Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the 1934 Act Regulations), as applicable, and, when read together with the other information included in the Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or did not and will not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(iv) Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who has certified the audited
consolidated financial statements, the notes related thereto and schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the
1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations. 

(v) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

5 

(vi) Financial Statements. The financial statements included in or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The financial statement schedules, if any, included in the Registration Statement present fairly, in all
material respects, in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected financial data and the summary financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus present
fairly, in all material respects, the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited consolidated financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared
in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(vii) No Material Adverse Change in
Business. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise stated therein or contemplated thereby, there has not been (A) any change
which (i) would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the performance of this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect),
(B) any transaction entered into by the Company or the Significant Subsidiary, other than in the ordinary course of business, that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, or (C) any material change in the
capital stock or long-term debt of the Company or the Significant Subsidiary, or any dividend (other than ordinary quarterly dividends and supplemental dividends declared, paid or made in the ordinary course of business) or distribution of any kind
declared, paid or made by the Company on its capital stock. 

(viii) Good Standing of the Company. The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with corporate power and authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Company is authorized or qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases
property of a nature, or transacts business of a type, that would make such authorization or qualification necessary, except to the extent that such failure would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6 

(ix) Good Standing of Significant Subsidiary. Nucor-Yamato Steel
Company (Limited Partnership), a Delaware limited partnership (the Significant Subsidiary), is a limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with partnership power and
authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business; and the Significant Subsidiary is authorized or qualified to transact business as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction in which it owns or leases property
of a nature, or transacts business of a type, that would make such authorization or qualification necessary, except to the extent that such failure would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(x) Investment Company. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the
application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

(xi) Authorization of Indenture. The Indenture and any supplement thereto, or board resolution or action of authorized
officers of the Company, setting forth the terms of the Securities has been duly authorized by the Company and duly qualified under the 1939 Act and, when duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Trustee, will constitute a valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers),
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law); and the Indenture will conform in all material respects to the description thereof in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(xii) Authorization of Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company. When executed,
authenticated, issued and delivered in the manner provided for in the Indenture and sold and paid for as provided in this Agreement, the Securities will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company entitled to the benefits of the
Indenture and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
and the Securities will conform in all material respects to the description thereof in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(xiii) Absence of Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the Company nor the Significant Subsidiary is in violation of its
charter or bylaws, or similar organizational documents, or in default in the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or other
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which any of its properties may be subject, except for such defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Indenture by the Company, the issuance and delivery of the Securities, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, in the Prospectus and in the

7 

Registration Statement and compliance by the Company with the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and
do not and will not result in any violation of the charter or bylaws of the Company, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, do not and will not conflict with, or result in a breach of any of the
terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company under (A) any contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note,
lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it may be bound or to which any of its properties may be subject or (B) any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any
government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Companys or the Significant Subsidiarys respective properties. 

(xiv) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, registration,
qualification or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court (other than under those required and obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1939 Act and the securities or blue sky laws of the various states)
is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, in connection with the offering, the issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for
the due execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the Indenture by the Company. 

(xv) Absence of
Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, now pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any subsidiary that the Company reasonably believes would, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect, or that would materially adversely affect the consummation
of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. There are no pending legal or governmental proceedings that are required under the 1933 Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that are not so
described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(xvi) Accuracy of Exhibits.
There are no contracts or documents which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein or to be filed as exhibits thereto that are not described
and filed as required. 

(xvii) Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of
nationally recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent in the businesses in which they are engaged; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will
not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

(xviii) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and the
Significant Subsidiary each has all governmental licenses, permits, certificates, consents, exemptions, franchises, orders, approvals and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted, except where failure to own or possess such Governmental Licenses
would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except when the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect
would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor the Significant Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to revocation of any such Governmental Licenses, except where
such revocation would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xix) Possession of Intellectual Property. The Company
and the Significant Subsidiary each owns or possesses, or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent licenses, inventions and know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures) trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to carry on its business in all material
respects as presently conducted, and neither the Company nor the Significant Subsidiary has received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property which would render any
Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of its subsidiaries therein, and which infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy
would, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xx) Absence of Labor Dispute. There
are no existing or, to the knowledge of the Company, imminent labor disputes or disturbances with employees of the Company or the Significant Subsidiary which the Company reasonably believes would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(xxi) Absence of Market Stabilization. Prior to the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its
affiliates has taken, directly or indirectly, any action which was designed to or which has constituted or which would reasonably be expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities in connection with the
offering. 

(xxii) Environmental Laws and Other Regulations. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
violated any foreign, federal, state or local law, regulation or rule relating to pollution, the protection of human health and safety, the environment or Hazardous Materials (as defined below) (Environmental Laws), any provisions of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the FCPA), except for such violations which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries conduct
periodic reviews of the effect of Environmental Laws on their assets and operations, and, on the basis of such reviews, the Company has concluded that there are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without
limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permits, licenses, consents, authorizations or other approvals, any
related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) in excess of reserves that have been established which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

There is no pending claim, cause of action or written notice from any person or entity alleging potential liability (including,
without limitation, alleged or potential liability or investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural resource damages, property damages, personal injuries or penalties) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries arising out
of, based on or resulting from (A) the presence or release into the environment of any Hazardous Material at any location, whether or not owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, or (B) any violation of any
Environmental Law, which, in either case, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The term Hazardous Material means (i) any hazardous substance as defined by the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, (ii) any hazardous waste as defined by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, (iii) any petroleum or petroleum product, (iv) any
polychlorinated biphenyl, (v) any asbestos and (vi) any other pollutant or contaminant or hazardous, dangerous or toxic chemical, material, waste or substance regulated under or within the meaning of any Environmental Law, or with respect
to which liability or standards of conduct may be imposed thereunder. 

(xxiii) Accounting Controls and Disclosure
Controls. Each of the Company and the Significant Subsidiary maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or
specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (E) the
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared
in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Except as described in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no
material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

10 

The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries employ disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with or submits to the Commission under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

(xxiv) Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in
compliance, in all material respects, with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 

(xxv)
Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Prospectus, and all of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; and all of the outstanding partnership interests of the Significant Subsidiary owned by the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and are beneficially owned by the Company, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge, claim or encumbrance of any kind. 

(xxvi) Title to Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real
property which they own and good title to all personal property owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and any real
property and buildings held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under valid and enforceable leases, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xxvii) No Unlawful Payments. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of either (A) the FCPA,
including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift,
promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in
contravention of the FCPA or (B) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the Bribery Act), and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the
FCPA and the Bribery Act and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

11 

(xxviii) Compliance with Money Laundering Act. The operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency in such
jurisdictions (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to
the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. 

(xxix) No Conflict with OFAC
Laws. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or representative of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries acting on its or their behalf, is an individual or entity (Person) currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department
of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions), nor is the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic,
the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region and the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea and Syria; and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Securities, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or
other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any
Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(xxx)
Taxes. The Company has timely filed or caused to be filed all material tax returns which, to the best of the knowledge of the Company, are required to be filed by it or its subsidiaries, and the Company has paid or caused to be paid
(A) all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns; or (B) all taxes shown to be due and payable on any assessments in which it has received notice made against it or any of its property and all other material taxes required to be
paid by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than any taxes, fees or other charges with respect to which the failure to pay, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect or which are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided. 

12 

(xxxi) Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company
has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Time and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Securities, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other
than the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule C hereto or any electronic road show or other written
communications reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and identified in Schedule D hereto (each, a Company Additional Written Communication). Each such Company Additional Written Communication, when taken together with the
Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing Time will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Company Additional Written Communication based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter
through the Representatives specifically for use therein. 

(xxxii) Cybersecurity. (A) (i) Except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or the Significant Subsidiarys information technology and computer
systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third-party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and
Data) and (ii) the Company and the Significant Subsidiary have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT
Systems and Data, except as would not, in the case of this clause (A), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) the Company and the Significant Subsidiary are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or
statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the
protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (B), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect; and (C) the Company and the Significant Subsidiary have implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology. 

(b) Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to
you or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby. 

Section 2. Sale and Delivery to the Underwriters; Closing. 

(a) Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, and subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of 99.170% (with respect to the 2030 Notes) and of 99.075% (with respect to
the 2035 Notes) of the principal amount thereof, plus, in each case, accrued interest, if any, from March 5, 2025 to the Closing Time (as defined below), the principal amount of Securities set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in
Schedule A hereto, plus any additional principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to Section 10 hereof. 

13 

(b) Payment. Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the
Securities shall be made at the offices of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10166, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Company and you, at 10:00 A.M.(Eastern time) on the second full
business day after the date of this Agreement (unless postponed pursuant to Section 10 hereof), or at such other time not more than 10 full business days thereafter as you and the Company shall determine (such date and time of payment and
delivery being herein called the Closing Time). Payment shall be made to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company, against delivery to you for the respective accounts of the
several Underwriters of the Securities to be purchased by them. 

(c) Denominations; Registration. The Securities to be
purchased by the Underwriters shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as you may request in writing at least one full business day before the Closing Time. The Securities will be made available in New York City for
examination by you not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern time) on the business day prior to the Closing Time. 

Section 3.
Certain Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities
Regulations and Commission Requests; Payment of Filing Fees. During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered by an Underwriter or would be required but for Rule 172 under the 1933 Act, the
Company, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B and will notify the Representatives immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
or new registration statement relating to the Securities shall become effective, or any supplement to the Prospectus or any amended Prospectus relating to the Securities shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the
Commission relating to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of a new registration statement or any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus or any document incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or such new registration statement or of any notice objecting to its use or of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction, or, upon becoming aware, of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the
Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the 1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Company will effect the filings required under Rule 424(b), in the manner and within the time period required by
Rule 424(b), and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the 

14 

Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered by an
Underwriter or would be required but for Rule 172 under the 1933 Act, the Company will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order or the occurrence of any suspension of the Registration Statement and, if any stop order is
issued, or a suspension occurs, or any notice of objection is received, to obtain the lifting thereof or relief from such stop order, suspension or objection at the earliest possible moment, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the
Registration Statement or a new registration statement. The Company shall pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) of the 1933 Act Regulations and otherwise in accordance with
Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations (including, if applicable, by updating the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii) either in a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
or on the cover page of a prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)). 

(b) Filing of Amendments and Exchange Act Documents;
Preparation of Final Term Sheet. During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered by an Underwriter or would be required but for Rule 172 under the 1933 Act, the Company will give the
Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement or new registration statement relating to the Securities or any amendment, supplement or revision to either the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, and the Company will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and
will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations
within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such
documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will prepare a final term sheet (the
Final Term Sheet) reflecting the final terms of the Securities, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives and contained in Schedule B hereto, and shall file such Final Term Sheet as an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus as soon as practicable after the pricing of the Securities. 

(c) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The
Company will comply with the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations, and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this
Agreement and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer, any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it
is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or counsel for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will
not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or

15 

if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or to file a new registration statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment, supplement
or new registration statement as may be necessary to correct such untrue statement or omission or to comply with such requirements. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment, supplement or new registration statement
declared effective as soon as practicable (if it is not an automatic shelf registration statement with respect to the Securities) and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment, supplement or new
registration statement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered by an Underwriter or would be required but for Rule 172 under the 1933 Act, if at any
time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement (or any other registration statement relating to the Securities), the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will promptly amend or
supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission. 

(d) Delivery of the Registration Statement. The Company has furnished or will furnish to you, without charge, as many signed
copies of the Original Registration Statement and of all amendments thereto, copies of all exhibits and documents filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof (other than documents required to be
filed under the 1934 Act that upon filing are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein and through the end of the period when a prospectus is required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities) and signed
copies of all consents and certificates of experts, as you may reasonably request, and has furnished or will furnish to you, for each of the Underwriters, one conformed copy of the Original Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto
(including documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus but without exhibits, other than documents required to be filed under the 1934 Act that upon filing are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein). The copies of the Original
Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered to each Underwriter, without
charge, an electronic copy of the Preliminary Prospectus, and the Company hereby consents to the distribution of such Preliminary Prospectus to prospective investors and to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company
will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request.
The copies of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by
Regulation S-T.

16 

(f) Blue Sky Qualifications.The Company will use its reasonable best
efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as you may reasonably designate and will maintain such qualifications in
effect for a period of not less than one year from the date hereof; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in
securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. The Company will also supply the Underwriters with such
information as is necessary for the determination of the legality of the Securities for investment under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Underwriters may request. 

(g) Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally
available to its security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act. 

(h) Rating of Securities. The Company shall take all reasonable action necessary to enable Moodys Investors Service, Inc.
and S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., to provide their respective credit ratings of the Securities issued by the Company. 

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner
specified in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds. 

(j) Reporting Requirements. The Company, during
the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations.

(k) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the
Representatives, and each Underwriter represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Company and the Representatives, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Schedule C hereto or any Company Additional Written Communication reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and
identified in Schedule D hereto) or that would otherwise constitute a Free Writing Prospectus required to be filed with the Commission; provided, however, that, prior to the preparation of the Final Term Sheet in accordance with
Section 3(b) hereof, the Underwriters are authorized to use information with respect to the final terms of the Securities in communications conveying information relating to the offering to prospective investors. Any such free writing
prospectus consented to by the Company and the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record
keeping. 

17 

Section 4. Payment of Expenses. 

(a) Expenses. The Company will pay and bear all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and any schedules or exhibits and any documents incorporated therein by reference), as originally filed and as amended,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and the cost of furnishing copies thereof in accordance with Section 3 hereof to the Underwriters, (ii) the preparation, printing and distribution of this
Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, (iii) the delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel and accountants, (v) the qualification of the Securities under the
applicable securities laws in accordance with Section 3(f) hereof and any filing for review of the offering with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), including filing fees and fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the qualification of the Securities under the applicable securities or blue sky laws of the various states and other jurisdictions, (vi) any fees charged by rating agencies for
rating the Securities and (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee, in connection with the Indenture and the Securities. 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by you in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 or
Section 9(a)(i) or (a)(iii) hereof (but only with respect to the Securities), the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for all their out-of-pocket expenses,
including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters. 

Section 5. Conditions of Underwriters
Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Securities that they have respectively agreed to purchase pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties and other
statements of the Company contained herein or in certificates of any officer of the Company or the Significant Subsidiary delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to the
following further conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Filing of Prospectus; Payment of Filing Fee. The
Registration Statement has become effective and at the Closing Time no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or notice objecting to its use shall have been issued under the 1933 Act and no proceedings for that
purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to your knowledge or the knowledge of the Company, shall be contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied
with to the satisfaction of counsel for the Underwriters. A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (or a post-effective amendment
providing such information shall have been filed and become effective in accordance with the 

18 

requirements of Rule 430B). The Company shall have paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time period required by Rule 456(1)(i) of the 1933 Act
Regulations and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the 1933 Act Regulations and, if applicable, shall have updated the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii) either in a
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or on the cover page of a prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b). 

(b)
Opinions of Moore & Van Allen PLLC, Counsel for the Company. At the Closing Time, you shall have received signed opinions of Moore & Van Allen PLLC, counsel for the Company, dated as of the
Closing Time, together with signed or reproduced copies of such opinions for each of the other Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, to the effect that: 

(i) The Company is a corporation incorporated, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with
power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(ii) The Significant Subsidiary is a limited partnership formed, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, and has the power and authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business. 

(iii) All of the outstanding partnership interests of the Significant Subsidiary owned by the Company have been duly authorized
and validly issued, are fully paid and are beneficially owned by the Company, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge, claim or encumbrance of any kind. 

(iv) The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution
and delivery by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without
limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and except to the extent that enforcement thereof is contrary to public policy regarding the exculpation of criminal violations, intentional harm, acts of gross negligence or
recklessness or violations of securities laws and regulations. 

(v) The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company
and, assuming that the Securities have been duly authenticated by the Trustee in the manner described in its certificate delivered to you at the Closing Time (which fact such counsel need not determine by an inspection of the Securities), the
Securities have been duly executed, issued and delivered by the Company and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except
as enforcement thereof may 

19 

be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of
creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and except to the extent that enforcement thereof is
contrary to public policy regarding the exculpation of criminal violations, intentional harm, acts of gross negligence or recklessness or violations of securities laws and regulations. 

(vi) There are no statutes or regulations, or any pending or threatened legal or governmental proceedings known to such counsel
that are required to be described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that are not described as required, or any material contracts or documents known to such counsel of a character required to be described or referred to in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described, referred to or filed as required. 

(vii) No default, known to such counsel, exists in the performance or observance of any material obligation, agreement,
covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, loan agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument that is described or referred to in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Disclosure Package or filed as an exhibit
to the Registration Statement, except for such defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(viii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Indenture by the Company, the issuance and delivery of
the Securities, the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, in the Indenture, in the Disclosure Package, in the Prospectus and in the Registration Statement, and the compliance by the Company with the terms of
this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities do not and will not result in any violation of the charter or bylaws of the Company or the limited partnership agreement of the Significant Subsidiary, and do not and will not conflict with, or result
in a breach of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or the Significant Subsidiary under (A) any
contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note, lease or any other agreement or instrument known to such counsel, to which the Company or the Significant Subsidiary is a party or by which it may be bound or to which any of its properties may be
subject, (B) any existing applicable law, rule or regulation (other than the securities or blue sky laws of the various states, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), or (C) any judgment, order or decree of any government,
governmental instrumentality or court, known to such counsel, having jurisdiction over the Company or the Significant Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, in each case, excepting such conflicts, breaches or defaults or liens, charges or
encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ix) The descriptions in
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus of the applicable statutes and regulations of the United States, legal or governmental proceedings, contracts or other documents therein described are accurate and fairly summarize the information required
to be shown in all material respects. 

20 

(x) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Company. 

(xi) The Indenture has been duly qualified under the 1939 Act. 

(xii) The Securities and the Indenture conform in all material respects as to legal matters to the descriptions thereof in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(xiii) No filing, authorization, approval, consent or license of any government,
governmental instrumentality or court (other than those required and obtained under the 1933 Act, the 1939 Act and the securities or blue sky laws of the various states), is required for the valid authorization, issuance, sale and delivery of the
Securities or for the execution, delivery or consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the Indenture by the Company. 

(xiv) The Original Registration Statement became effective under the 1933 Act on August 14, 2020; the required filing of
the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b); any required filing of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to Rule 433 has been made in
the manner and within the time period required by Rule 433(d); and, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use, known to such counsel, has been issued and no proceedings for that
purpose, known to such counsel, have been instituted or are pending or are contemplated under the 1933 Act. 

(xv) The
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, excluding the documents incorporated by reference therein, and each amendment or supplement thereto (except for the financial statements, the notes and schedules thereto, other financial or earnings
information and statistical or accounting data, and assessments of or reports on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express
no opinion), as of their respective effective or issue dates, appear on their face to have been appropriately responsive in all material respects to the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations, and the Indenture appears on its face
to have been appropriately responsive in all material respects to the requirements of the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations. 

(xvi) The documents incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (except for the financial
statements, the notes and schedules thereto, other financial or earnings information and statistical or accounting data, and assessments of or reports on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included or incorporated by
reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), as of the dates they were filed with the Commission, appear on their face to have been appropriately responsive in all material respects to the requirements
of the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations. 

21 

(xvii) The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale
of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be an investment company as defined in the 1940 Act. 

In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the States of New
York and North Carolina, the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act and the federal law of the United States, upon opinions of other counsel, who shall be counsel satisfactory to counsel for the
Underwriters, in which case the opinion shall state that they believe you and they are entitled to so rely. Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon
certificates of officers of the Company and the Significant Subsidiary and certificates of public officials. 

In addition, such counsel
shall provide a separate letter to the Underwriters giving assurance that such counsel have participated in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are familiar with or have participated in the
preparation of the documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and no facts have come to the attention of such counsel to lead them to believe that (A) the Registration Statement,
including the Rule 430B Information (except for the financial statements, the notes and schedules thereto, other financial or earnings information and statistical or accounting data, and assessments of or reports on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom and the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) of the Trustee filed in connection with such
Registration Statement, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), at the time the Registration Statement became effective and at each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) of the 1933 Act
Regulations prior to or at the Closing Time, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (B)(i) the Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto (except for the financial statements, the notes and schedules thereto, other financial or earnings information and statistical or accounting data, and assessments of or reports on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included or incorporated by reference therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion), as of the date of the Prospectus and as of the Closing Time, or (ii) the Disclosure Package,
as of the Applicable Time, included or include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, or (C) the documents incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (except for the financial statements, the notes and schedules thereto, other financial or earnings information and statistical or accounting
data, and assessments of or reports on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included therein or omitted therefrom, as to which such counsel need express no opinion, and except to the extent that any statement therein is
modified or superseded in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), as of the dates they were filed with the Commission, included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

22 

(c) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. At the Closing Time, you shall
have received the favorable opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of the Closing Time, together with signed or reproduced copies of such opinion for each of the other Underwriters, with respect to
such matters as the Representatives may require. In giving such opinion, such counsel may rely, as to all matters governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than the law of the State of New York, the Delaware General Corporation Law and the
federal law of the United States, upon the opinions of counsel satisfactory to you. Such counsel may also state that, insofar as such opinion involves factual matters, they have relied, to the extent they deem proper, upon certificates of officers
of the Company and the Significant Subsidiary and certificates of public officials; provided that such certificates have been delivered to the Underwriters. 

(d) Officers Certificate. At the Closing Time, (i) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, as they may then be amended or supplemented, shall contain all statements that are required to be stated therein under the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and in all material respects shall conform to the requirements of
the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations and the 1939 Act and the 1939 Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus, as they may then be amended or supplemented, shall contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as
of which information is given in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, there shall not have been any material adverse change in the business, operations or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) no action, suit or proceeding shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company that would be required to be
set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus other than as set forth therein and no proceedings shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company before or by any
government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, that could result in any material adverse change in the business, operations or financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, other than
as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (iv) the Company shall have complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied relating to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the Indenture, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus at or prior to the Closing Time and (v) the other representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1(a) hereof shall be
accurate as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time. At the Closing Time, you shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or an Executive Vice President, and the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or Controller, of the
Company, dated as of the Closing Time, to such effect. 

23 

(e) Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Comfort Letter. At
the date of this Agreement, you shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP a letter, dated as of the date of this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to you and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, together with signed or
reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms comfort letters to underwriters with
respect to the financial statements and certain financial information incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and the specified date referred to therein shall be a date not more than three
days prior to the date of this Agreement. 

(f) Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Time, you shall have received from
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP a letter, dated as of the Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to shall
be a date not more than two business days prior to the Closing Time. 

(g) Rating Agencies. Subsequent to the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Time, there shall not have been any downgrading, nor any notice given of any intended or potential downgrading or of a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change,
in the rating accorded any of the Companys debt securities, including the Securities, by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act. 

(h) Additional Documents. At the Closing Time, counsel for the Underwriters shall have been furnished with all such documents,
certificates and opinions as they may reasonably request for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and the matters referred to in Section 5(c) hereof and in order to
evidence the accuracy and completeness of any of the representations, warranties or statements of the Company, the performance of any of the covenants of the Company, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions herein contained; and all proceedings
taken by the Company at or prior to the Closing Time in connection with the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to you and to counsel for the
Underwriters. 

(i) Termination of Agreement. If any of the conditions specified in this Section 5 shall not have been
fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by you on notice to the Company at any time at or prior to the Closing Time, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party, except
as provided in Section 4 hereof. Notwithstanding any such termination, the provisions of Sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 16 hereof shall remain in effect. 

24 

Section 6. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, the directors,
officers and employees of each Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of an untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, including the Rule 430B Information, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, or arising out of an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, including, but not limited to, the
Final Term Sheet, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and
expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such
untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, provided that (subject to Section 6(d) hereof) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company; and 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by you), as reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or
any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under subparagraph (i) or (ii) above; 

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement does not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of an
untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration
Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act against any and all loss,
liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity agreement contained in Section 6(a) hereof, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the
Registration Statement (including any amendment thereto), including the Rule 430B Information, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Underwriter through you expressly for use therein. 

25 

(c) Actions Against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall give
notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying
party from any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of
parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representatives and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, counsel to the indemnified parties
shall be selected by the Company. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action and, at its option, may assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party;
provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be counsel to the indemnified party. After notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its
election to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case, subsequently incurred by such indemnified
party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have
the right to employ separate counsel (including local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the
indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall
have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have
employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ
separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of
which indemnification or contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent
(i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a
failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any
time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by
Section 6(a)(ii) hereof effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received

26 

notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in
accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. The indemnified party shall promptly reimburse the indemnifying party for all amounts advanced to it pursuant to this Section 6(d) (unless it is entitled to such amounts under
Section 7 hereof) if it shall be finally judicially determined that such indemnified party was not entitled to indemnification hereunder and such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense arose out of (A) an untrue statement or omission or
alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the indemnified party expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including the Rule
430B Information, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or (B) a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning
of Section 11 of the 1933 Act) by the indemnified party. 

Section 7. Contribution. 

If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason held to be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an
indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by such indemnified
party, as incurred, (a) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or
(b) if the allocation provided by clause (a) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (a) above but also the relative fault of the
Company, on the one hand, and of the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.

The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering
of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and
the total underwriting discount and commission received by the Underwriters, in each case, as set forth on the cover of or in the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Securities as set forth on such cover. 

The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other
things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

27 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this Section 7. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based
upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7,
no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which
such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

For purposes of this
Section 7, each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act and each director, officer and employee of the Underwriters shall have the same rights to
contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or
Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the aggregate principal amount of
Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule A hereto and not joint. 

Section 8. Representations, Warranties,
Indemnities and Agreements to Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties, indemnities, agreements and other statements of the Company or its officers and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain
operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company, any Underwriter or any person who controls the Company or any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or
Section 20 of the 1934 Act and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. 

Section 9. Termination of
Agreement. 

(a) Termination Generally. You may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or
prior to the Closing Time, (i) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the business, operations or
financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United
States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities involving the United States or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each
case, the effect is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable 

28 

to market the Securities or enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or
FINRA or if trading generally on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) has been materially suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities have been required,
by the NYSE or by order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, (iv) a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States or (v) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by either federal, New York or North Carolina authorities. 

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to this Section 9, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party, except to the extent provided in Section 4 hereof. Notwithstanding any such termination, the provisions of Sections
1, 6, 7, 8 and 16 hereof shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

Section 10. Default by One or
More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Securities that it or they are obligated to purchase pursuant to this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), you shall have
the right, within 36 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in
such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth in this Agreement; if, however, the non-defaulting Underwriters have not completed such arrangements within such
36-hour period, then: 

(a) if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted
Securities does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement, each non-defaulting Underwriter shall be obligated, each severally and not
jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective Securities underwriting obligation proportions bear to the underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters; or

(b) if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the
Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter. 

No action taken pursuant to this Section 10 shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default. 

In the event of any such default that does not result in a termination of this Agreement, either the
non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Time for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes any person substituted for a Underwriter under this Section 10. 

29 

Section 11. Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered, mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters and the Company shall be directed to the addresses specified below. 

To the Company: 

Nucor Corporation 

1915 Rexford Road 

Charlotte,
NC 28211 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

Telecopy No.: (704) 362-4208

To the Underwriters: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

114 West 47th Street 

NY8-114-07-01

New York,
NY 10036 

Attention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal 

Facsimile: (212) 901-7881

and 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue 

New
York, NY 10179 

Attention: High Grade Syndicate Desk 3rd Floor 

Telecopy No.: (212) 834-6081

and 

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc. 

214 N. Tryon St, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, NC 28202 

Attention:
Credit Fixed Income 

Telecopy No.: (877) 774-3462

and 

Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC 

550 South Tryon Street 

Charlotte, NC 28202 

Attention:
Transaction Management Department 

Telecopy No.: (704) 410-0326

Email: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com 

30 

Section 12. Parties. This Agreement herein set forth is made solely for the
benefit of the several Underwriters, the Company and, to the extent expressed, any person who controls the Company or any of the Underwriters within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act, the directors, officers and employees of the
Underwriters and the directors of the Company, its officers who have signed the Registration Statement, and their respective executors, administrators, successors and assigns and, subject to the provisions of Section 10 hereof, no other person
shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. The term successors and assigns shall not include any purchaser, as such purchaser, from any of the several Underwriters of the Securities. All of the obligations of
the Underwriters hereunder are several and not joint. 

Section 13. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to
such transaction, each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an
advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters)
and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad
range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has
consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency,
fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

Section 14.
Integration. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

Section 15. Representation of Underwriters. The Representatives will act for the several Underwriters in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and any action under or in respect of this Agreement taken by the Representatives will be binding upon all Underwriters. 

Section 16. Governing Law and Time. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. Unless otherwise indicated, specified times of the day refer to New York City time. 

31 

Section 17. Effect of Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, and when a counterpart has been executed by each party, all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature
covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be
deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

Section 19. Recognition of the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes. (a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and
obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate
of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(c) As used in this Section 19: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

32 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

33 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

NUCOR CORPORATION

By: /s/ Stephen D. Laxton

Name: Stephen D. Laxton

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer and

Executive Vice
President

Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement 

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED

as of the
date first above written:

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Sandeep Chawla

Name: Sandeep Chawla

Title: Managing Director

For themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 

Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Som Bhattacharyya

Name: Som Bhattacharyya

Title: Executive Director

For themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

By: /s/ Charles P. Carpenter

Name: Charles P. Carpenter

Title: Senior Vice President

For themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

For themselves and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Underwriters Principal Amount of the 2030 Notes 

BofA Securities, Inc. $91,250,000.00 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $91,250,000.00 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $91,250,000.00 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $91,250,000.00 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $30,000,000.00 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $30,000,000.00 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $30,000,000.00 

BBVA Securities Inc. $11,250,000.00 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. $11,250,000.00 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $11,250,000.00 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC $3,750,000.00 

WauBank Securities LLC $3,750,000.00 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $3,750,000.00 

Total $500,000,000.00 

Underwriters Principal Amount of the 2035 Notes 

BofA Securities, Inc. $91,250,000.00 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $91,250,000.00 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. $91,250,000.00 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $91,250,000.00 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $30,000,000.00 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $30,000,000.00 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $30,000,000.00 

BBVA Securities Inc. $11,250,000.00 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. $11,250,000.00 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $11,250,000.00 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC $3,750,000.00 

WauBank Securities LLC $3,750,000.00 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. $3,750,000.00 

Total $500,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE B 

NUCOR CORPORATION 

$500,000,000 4.650% Notes due 2030 

$500,000,000 5.100% Notes due 2035 

Issuer: Nucor Corporation

Expected Ratings (Moodys / S&P / Fitch)*: [ ]

Trade Date: March 3, 2025

Settlement Date:** March 5, 2025 (T+2)

Security: 

4.650% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes)

5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes)

Principal Amount: 

$500,000,000 for the 2030 Notes

$500,000,000
for the 2035 Notes

Maturity Date: 

June 1, 2030 for the 2030 Notes

June 1, 2035 for the 2035 Notes

Benchmark Treasury: 

4.000% due February 28, 2030 for the 2030 Notes

4.625% due February 15, 2035 for the 2035 Notes

Benchmark Treasury Price / Yield: 

100-00+ / 3.996% for the 2030 Notes

103-18+ / 4.182% for the 2035 Notes

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: 

T+70 bps for the 2030 Notes

T+95 bps for the
2035 Notes

Yield to Maturity: 

4.696% for the 2030 Notes

5.132% for the 2035
Notes

Price to Public: 

99.770% of the principal amount for the 2030 Notes

99.725% of the principal amount for the 2035 Notes

Coupon: 

4.650% for the 2030 Notes

5.100% for the 2035
Notes

Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1, commencing December 1, 2025

Make Whole Call: 

T+15 bps for the 2030 Notes (before May 1, 2030)

T+15 bps for the 2035 Notes (before March 1, 2035)

Par Call: 

On or after May 1, 2030 (one month prior to maturity) for the 2030 Notes

On or after March 1, 2035 (three months prior to maturity) for the 2035
Notes

CUSIP / ISIN: 

670346AZ8 / US670346AZ85 for the 2030 Notes

670346BA2 / US670346BA26 for the 2035 Notes

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

BofA Securities, Inc.

J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

PNC Capital Markets LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Co-Managers: 

BBVA Securities Inc.

Fifth Third Securities,
Inc.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

Citizens JMP
Securities, LLC

WauBank Securities LLC

MUFG Securities
Americas Inc.

* 

Note: A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

** 

Note: It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about March 5,
2025, which will be the second business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to as T+2). Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the Notes who wish to trade the Notes on the date of pricing
will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle in T+2, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Notes who wish to trade the Notes on
the date of pricing should consult their advisors. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with
the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and
this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request
it by calling BofA Securities, Inc. toll-free at 1-800-294-1322, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 212-834-4533, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. toll-free at
1-877-558-2607 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at 1-800-645-3751.

SCHEDULE C 

Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses 

Final Term
Sheet attached as Schedule B. 

SCHEDULE D 

Company Additional Written Communications 

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d923992dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

This SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of March 5, 2025 (this Sixth Supplemental Indenture), is by and between NUCOR
CORPORATION, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (hereinafter called the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association),
a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2014 (the Original Indenture), between the Company and the
Trustee, the Company may from time to time issue Debt Securities (as defined in the Original Indenture) in one or more series, bearing such rates of interest, if any, maturing at such time or times and having such other provisions as shall be fixed
as hereinafter provided; 

WHEREAS, Sections 2.01, 2.02, 11.01(b), 11.01(f) and 11.01(g) of the Original Indenture provide that the Company
and the Trustee may, without the consent of any Holders (as defined in the Original Indenture) of Debt Securities, enter into indentures supplemental to the Original Indenture for the purpose of establishing the form and terms of Debt Securities of
any series, adding, changing or eliminating provisions of the Original Indenture (subject to certain limitations provided therein) and adding to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of such series; 

WHEREAS, the Company entered into a First Supplemental Indenture on April 26, 2018, a Second Supplemental Indenture on
May 22, 2020, a Third Supplemental Indenture on December 7, 2020, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture on March 11, 2022 and a Fifth Supplemental Indenture on May 23, 2022, each amending or supplementing the Original
Indenture (together, the Indenture); 

WHEREAS, the Company deems it advisable and in its best interests to issue and sell
$500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.650% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the
Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of an indenture in the form of this Sixth
Supplemental Indenture in order to establish the form and terms of, and to provide for the creation and issuance of, the Notes, and all things necessary to make this Sixth Supplemental Indenture a legal, binding and enforceable agreement have been
done and performed; 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the
Trustee or any authenticating agent and issued upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Indenture against payment therefor, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company have been done and performed; 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH that in consideration of the
promises and of the acceptance and purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee, for the benefit of all the present and future Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. Terms used in this Sixth Supplemental Indenture and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given
such terms in the Indenture. As used in this Sixth Supplemental Indenture, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below: 

Attributable Debt means the present value (discounted in accordance with a method of discounting which for
financial reporting purposes is consistent with generally accepted accounting principles but at a discount rate of not less than 10% per annum, compounded annually) of the rental payments during the remaining term of any Sale and Leaseback
Transaction for which the lessee is obligated (including any period for which such lease has been extended). Such rental payments shall not include amounts payable by the lessee for maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates
and similar charges and for contingent rents (such as those based on sales). In case of any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such rental payments shall also include such penalty, but no
rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated. 

Business Day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday that is not a day on which banking
institutions or trust companies in New York City (or other city in which the corporate trust office of the Trustee is located) are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the consummation of any transaction
(including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) resulting in any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries) becoming the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of the Company or other Voting
Stock into which Voting Stock of the Company is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than the number of shares; (ii) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than
by way of merger or consolidation), in a transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and the assets of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to one or more persons (as that term
is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries); or (iii) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company are not Continuing Directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (i) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of a holding company and (ii)(1) immediately following that transaction, the
direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of 

2 

such holding company are substantially the same as the holders of Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to that transaction or (2) immediately following that transaction, no person
is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such holding company. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating Event. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets after deducting therefrom (i) all
current liabilities and (ii) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangibles, all as set forth in the Companys most recent consolidated balance sheet. 

Continuing Director means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Company who
(i) was a member of the Board of Directors on the date the Notes were issued or (ii) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to the Board of Directors by or with the approval (given either before or after such members
nomination, election or appointment) of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of such nomination, election or appointment (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the
Company in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc. or any successor thereto. 

Funded Debt means (i) all indebtedness for money borrowed having a maturity of more than 12 months from the
date as of which the amount thereof is to be determined or having a maturity of less than 12 months from such date but by its terms being renewable or extendible beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower and (ii) any
indebtedness for borrowed money which may be payable from the proceeds under or pursuant to an agreement to provide borrowings with a maturity of more than 12 months from the date as of which the amount thereof is to be determined. 

Global Note means a Note issued in global form and deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary, substantially in
the form of the Note attached hereto as Exhibit A in respect of the 2030 Notes and substantially in the form of the Note attached hereto as Exhibit B in respect of the 2035 Notes. 

Indebtedness means, as to any corporation or other Person, all indebtedness for money borrowed which is created,
assumed, incurred or guaranteed in any manner by such corporation or other Person or for which such corporation or other Person is otherwise responsible or liable. 

3 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than
BBB (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys and BBB (or the equivalent) by S&P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the
Company. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien or other similar encumbrance. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc or any successor thereto. 

Par Call Date means May 1, 2030 for the 2030 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Note) and
March 1, 2035 for the 2035 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes). 

Principal
Property means (i) any Manufacturing Plant located in the United States, or Manufacturing Equipment located in any such Manufacturing Plant (together with the land on which such plant is erected and fixtures comprising a part thereof),
owned or leased on the first date on which a Note is authenticated by the Trustee or thereafter acquired or leased by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, and (ii) any Shares issued by, or any interest of the Company or any Subsidiary in,
any Restricted Subsidiary, other than (1) any property or Shares or interests the book value of which is less than 1% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets or (2) any property or Shares or interests which the Board of Directors of the
Company determines is not of material importance to the total business conducted, or assets owned, by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as an entirety, or (3) any portion of any property which the Board of Directors of the Company determines
not to be of material importance to the use or operation of such property. Manufacturing Plant does not include any plant owned or leased jointly or in common with one or more Persons other than the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries in which the aggregate direct or indirect interest of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries does not exceed 50%. Manufacturing Equipment means manufacturing equipment in such Manufacturing Plants used directly in the
production of the Companys or any Restricted Subsidiarys products and does not include office equipment, computer equipment, rolling stock and other equipment not directly used in the production of the Companys or any Restricted
Subsidiarys products. 

Rating Agencies means (i) each of Fitch, Moodys and S&P and
(ii) if any of Fitch, Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act) selected by the Company as a replacement Rating Agency for a former Rating Agency. 

4 

Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by each of
the Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any day within the 60-day period (which 60-day period
shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) after the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (ii) public notice of
the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control. 

Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located within the United States, other than a Subsidiary primarily engaged in investing in and/or financing the Companys or any Subsidiarys or
affiliates operations outside the United States. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of
S&P Global Inc or any successor thereto. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any arrangement with any
Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether such Principal Property is now owned or hereafter acquired (except for leases for a term of
not more than three years and except for leases between the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries and except for leases of property executed prior to, at the time of, or within one year after the later of, the
acquisition, the completion of construction, including any improvements or alterations on real property, or the commencement of commercial operation of such property), which Principal Property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company
or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secured Indebtedness means Indebtedness secured by any Lien upon property (including Shares or Indebtedness
issued by or other ownership interests in any Restricted Subsidiary) owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shares means, as to any corporation, all the issued and outstanding equity shares (except for directors
qualifying shares) of such corporation. 

Sixth Supplemental Indenture means this Sixth Supplemental Indenture
between the Company and the Trustee, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Subsidiary means an entity
more than 50% of the outstanding voting interest of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, voting
interest in an entity means any equity interest which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors or their equivalent. 

5 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the
yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following: (1) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release
published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government
securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the
Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining
Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the
relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date; and (2) If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are
two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

6 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any specified
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

Section 2. Title, Form, Denomination and Registration of the Notes. The Company hereby creates the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes, each as
a separate series of its Debt Securities issued pursuant to the Indenture. The 2030 Notes shall be designated as the 4.650% Notes due 2030 and the 2035 Notes shall be designated as the
5.100% Notes due 2035. 

The Company will issue the Notes of each series only in fully registered book-entry
form, without interest coupons. The Notes initially will be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication thereon shall be, with respect to the 2030 Notes, substantially in the form set
forth in Exhibit A hereto and, with respect to the 2035 Notes, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto. The Notes shall have such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted
hereby and by the Indenture and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange, The Depository Trust Company
(DTC), any organizational document or governing instrument or applicable law or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Each Global Note shall
represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon. Any portion of the text of any Note may be
set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto on the face of the Note. 

The Notes of each series will be in
fully registered book-entry form represented by one or more Global Notes, without interest coupons, which will be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for DTC, and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. DTC shall be the Depositary with
respect to the Notes. 

In connection with any transfer or exchange of beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes, the aggregate
principal amount of the Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, pursuant to instructions from the Company in accordance with the
Indenture, subject, in each case, to compliance with the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, S.A., in each case to the extent applicable. 

7 

Global Notes may be exchanged for definitive Notes in registered, certificated form, without
interest coupons, only in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture. All Notes in registered, certificated form shall bear and be subject to the applicable restrictive legend set forth on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (as applicable) hereto unless
the Company determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law. 

With respect to the Notes only, Section 2.02(c) of the
Indenture is hereby deleted. 

Section 3. Issue, Execution and Authentication. The aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be
issued by the Company and authenticated and delivered under this Sixth Supplemental Indenture is initially limited to $500,000,000 and the aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be issued by the Company and authenticated and delivered under
this Sixth Supplemental Indenture is initially limited to $500,000,000 (in each case, subject to increases or decreases from time to time as contemplated in Section 2). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, after issuance of the Notes, the Company may reopen each series of Notes and issue additional notes from the
same series of Notes by Board Resolution without the consent of or notification to any Holder, and any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date, redemption rights and other terms as the applicable series of
Notes (except the public offering price, date of issuance and, if applicable, the initial interest payment date). Any such additional notes, together with the applicable series of Notes, will be consolidated with and constitute a single series of
Debt Securities under the Indenture; provided that, if such additional notes are not fungible with the Notes of the applicable series for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional notes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN, or other identifying
number. 

Section 4. Principal and Interest Payments; Maturity Date. (a) The 2030 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 4.650%
and the 2035 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.100%, computed based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, from, and including, the date of
issuance. Interest on the Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2025, to the Holders of the Notes as of the close of business on the immediately preceding
May 15 and November 15, respectively. The principal amount of the 2030 Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, shall be due and payable in full without further notice or demand on June 1, 2030, unless earlier redeemed,
and the principal amount of the 2035 Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, shall be due and payable in full without further notice or demand on June 1, 2035, unless earlier redeemed. 

(b) Principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes initially will be payable in accordance with the procedures of DTC and its
participants in effect from time to time. The Notes will be exchangeable and transfers of the Notes will be registrable, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee. 

(c) If any interest payment date, stated maturity date or earlier redemption date falls on a day other than a Business Day, then the required
payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, as if it were made on the date payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that
interest payment date, stated maturity date or earlier redemption date, as the case may be. The Notes will not have the benefit of a sinking fund. 

8 

Section 5. Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to May 1, 2030, with respect to the
2030 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes) and March 1, 2035 with respect to the 2035 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes), the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option
of the Company, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(i)(a) the sum of the present values of
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2030 Notes and 15 basis points, in the case of the 2035 Notes, in each case less (b) interest
accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

(b) On or after May 1, 2030, with respect to the 2030 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2030 Notes) and March 1,
2035 with respect to the 2035 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes), the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price equal to 100%
of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or
prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. 

(d) Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys
procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. The notice of redemption for the Notes will state, among other things, the amount of Notes to be redeemed, the redemption date,
the redemption price and the place or places that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to
accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 

(e) In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the
notice of redemption that relates to such Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal 

9 

amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by
DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

(f) Any notice of redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such
redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the Company may, in its discretion, delay the redemption date until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed. 

Section 6. Change of Control Offer to Purchase. (a) If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, Holders of the Notes may require
the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of their Notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Notes, to, but
excluding, the purchase date (unless a notice of redemption has been delivered within 30 days after such Change of Control Triggering Event stating that all of the Notes will be redeemed as described above). The Company shall be required to deliver
to Holders of the Notes a notice describing the transaction or transactions constituting the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes. The notice must be delivered within 30 days after any Change of Control Triggering
Event, and the repurchase must occur no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days after the date the notice is delivered. 

(b) On the
date specified for repurchase of the Notes, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for purchase all properly tendered Notes
or portions of Notes; 

(ii) deposit with the paying agent the required payment for all properly tendered Notes or portions of Notes; and

(iii) deliver to the Trustee the repurchased Notes, accompanied by an Officers Certificate stating, among other things, the
aggregate principal amount of repurchased Notes. 

(c) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations applicable to the repurchase of the Notes. To the extent that these requirements conflict with the provisions requiring repurchase of the
Notes, the Company shall comply with such requirements instead of the repurchase provisions and shall not be considered to have breached its obligations with respect to repurchasing the Notes. Additionally, if an Event of Default exists under the
Indenture (which is unrelated to the repurchase provisions of the Notes), including events of default arising with respect to other issues of debt securities, the Company shall not be required to repurchase the Notes notwithstanding these repurchase
provisions. 

(d) The Company shall not be required to comply with the obligations relating to repurchasing the Notes if a third party
instead satisfies them. 

10 

Section 7. Events of Default. With respect to the Notes only, 

(a) Section 7.01(a) of the Original Indenture is hereby amended by replacing ten (10) days with fifteen
(15) days; 

(b) Section 7.01(b) of the Original Indenture is hereby amended and restated as follows: default in the
payment of the principal of or premium (if any) on any of the Debt Securities of such Series, as and when the same shall become due and payable (subject to subsection (c) below) either at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration or
otherwise;; and 

(c) Section 7.01(c) of the Original Indenture is hereby amended and restated as follows: default in the
making of any payment for a sinking, purchase or analogous fund provided for in respect of any of the Debt Securities of such Series, as and when the same shall become due and payable;. 

Section 8. Covenants. With respect to the Notes only, 

(a) Secured Indebtedness of the Company and Restricted Subsidiaries. So long as any of the Debt Securities remains outstanding, the Company
will not, and the Company will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, assume, issue, guarantee or incur any Secured Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary unless immediately thereafter the aggregate amount of all Secured
Indebtedness (exclusive of certain types of permitted Secured Indebtedness described below), together with the discounted present value of all rentals (not otherwise excluded from the limitation contained in Section 8(b)) due in respect of Sale
and Leaseback Transactions, would not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, where, for purposes of the calculation, the discounted present value of all rentals does not include rentals to which the covenant discussed in Section 8(b)
does not apply; provided, however, the foregoing restriction shall not apply to Secured Indebtedness secured by the following (nor shall Secured Indebtedness secured by the following be included in computing Secured Indebtedness for the purpose of
the foregoing restriction): 

(i) Liens on property as to which such series of Debt Securities are equally and ratably secured with (or, at
the option of the Company, prior to) such Secured Indebtedness; 

(ii) Liens on property, including any Shares or Indebtedness, of any
entity existing at the time such entity becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or arising thereafter pursuant to contractual commitments entered into prior to and not in contemplation of such entity becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(iii) Liens on property, including any Shares or Indebtedness, existing at the time of acquisition of such property by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary, or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such property created upon the acquisition of such property by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, or Liens to secure any Secured Indebtedness
incurred by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within one year after the later of, the acquisition, the completion of construction (including any improvements, alterations or repairs to existing property) or the
commencement of commercial operation of the project of which such property is a part, which Secured Indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of, and the principal amount secured by any such Lien does not exceed the cost of, financing all or any part
of the purchase price thereof or construction or improvements, alterations or repairs thereon; 

11 

(iv) Liens securing Secured Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Company
or to another Restricted Subsidiary; 

(v) Liens on property of an entity existing at the time such entity is merged or consolidated with
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of an entity as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or arising thereafter pursuant to
contractual commitments entered into by such entity prior to and not in contemplation of such merger, consolidation, sale, lease or other disposition; 

(vi) Liens on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any State thereof, or any
department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any political subdivision thereof (each, a governmental authority), or in favor of
any trustee or mortgagee acting on behalf, or for the benefit, of any governmental authorities, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of
financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction of the property subject to such Liens (including, without limitation, Liens in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, private activity or similar financing),
and any other Liens incurred or assumed in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, private activity or similar bonds issued by a governmental authority on behalf of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(vii) Liens existing on the first date on which a Debt Security is authenticated by the Trustee hereunder; 

(viii) Liens on any property which is not a Principal Property; and 

(ix) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, provided that the principal amount of the Secured Indebtedness being extended, renewed or replaced shall not be increased. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may create, assume, issue, guarantee or incur Secured
Indebtedness which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions in an aggregate amount which, together with (a) all other Secured Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries which would otherwise be subject to the
foregoing restrictions (not including Secured Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under clauses (i) through (ix) above) and (b) all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to, and not excluded from this calculation by,
Section 8(b), does not at the time exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

12 

(b) Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company will not, and will not permit any
Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, unless (A) the sum of (i) the Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, (ii) all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to
all other Sale and Leaseback Transactions entered into by the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary after the first date on which a Debt Security is authenticated by the Trustee and (iii) the aggregate of all Secured Indebtedness outstanding
(computed without regard to the Secured Indebtedness excluded from the operation of Section 8(a) pursuant to clauses (i) through (ix) thereof and further without regard to Secured Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary if
the Debt Securities are secured equally and ratably with (or prior to) such Secured Indebtedness) does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets or (B) an amount equal to the greater of (i) the amount of the net proceeds to the
Company or the Restricted Subsidiary entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction or (ii) the fair market value of such property, as determined by the Board of Directors (in the case of clause (i) or (ii), after repayment of, or
otherwise taking into account, as the case may be, the amount of any Secured Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering such property which Secured Indebtedness existed immediately prior to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction) is applied to
retirement of Funded Debt within one year after the consummation of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction; provided, however, the covenant contained in this Section 8(b) shall not apply to, and there shall be excluded from Attributable Debt in
any computation under Section 8(a) or this Section 8(b), Attributable Debt with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction if: 

(i) such Sale and Leaseback Transaction is entered into in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, private activity or similar
financing; 

(ii) the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary applies an amount equal to the net proceeds (after repayment of any Secured
Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering such Principal Property which Secured Indebtedness existed immediately before such Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of the sale or transfer of the Principal Property leased pursuant to such Sale and
Leaseback Transaction to investment (whether for acquisition, improvement, repair, alteration or construction costs) in another Principal Property within one year prior or subsequent to such sale or transfer; 

(iii) such Sale and Leaseback Transaction was entered into by an entity prior to the date on which such entity became a Restricted Subsidiary
or arises thereafter pursuant to contractual commitments entered into by such entity prior to and not in contemplation of such entity becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; or 

(iv) such Sale and Leaseback Transaction was entered into by an entity prior to the time such entity was merged or consolidated with the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or prior to the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of such entity as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or arises thereafter pursuant to
contractual commitments entered into by such entity prior to and not in contemplation of such merger, consolidation, sale, lease or other disposition. 

Section 9. Removal of Trustee. In addition to the terms set forth in Section 8.10 of the Original Indenture, the Trustee may be
removed by the Company at any time by filing with the Trustee so removed an instrument or instruments in writing, appointing a successor; provided that no such removal may be made by the Company if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
hereunder. Such removal shall take effect only upon the appointment of, and acceptance of such appointment by, a successor Trustee. Promptly upon delivery of such instrument or instruments, the Company shall give, or cause to be given,
notice thereof to the Holders of the Notes. 

13 

Section 10. Miscellaneous. The provisions of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture are
intended to modify or supplement those of the Indenture as in effect immediately prior to the execution and delivery hereof. The Indenture shall remain in full force and effect except to the extent that the provisions of the Indenture are expressly
modified by the terms of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 11. Governing Law. This Sixth Supplemental Indenture and the
Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

Section 12. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes. The recitals contained herein shall be taken as statements of the
Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes other than with respect to the Trustees
authentication and execution. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds thereof. 

Section 13. Counterparts. This Sixth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
to be an original for all purposes; and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

Section 14.
Facsimile Agreement. The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Sixth Supplemental Indenture sent by unsecured email, pdf, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided,
however, that the Trustee shall have received an incumbency certificate listing Persons designated to give such instructions or directions and containing specimen signatures of such designated Persons, which such incumbency certificate shall be
amended and replaced whenever a Person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to
act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising, directly or indirectly, from the Trustees reliance upon
and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding that such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit
instructions and directions to the Trustee, including, without limitation, the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 15. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

14 

Section 16. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for
any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil
or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable
efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 17. Consequential Damages. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or
damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

[signatures on the following page] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sixth Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed and delivered, all as of the day and year above written. 

NUCOR CORPORATION

By: /s/ Stephen D. Laxton

Name: Stephen D. Laxton

Attest: Title: Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President

By: /s/ A. Rae Eagle

Name: A. Rae Eagle

Title: Corporate Secretary

Signature Page to
Sixth Supplemental Indenture

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sixth Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed and delivered, all as of the day and year above written. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Allison Lancaster-Poole

Name: Allison Lancaster-Poole

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to
Sixth Supplemental Indenture

Exhibit A 

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE DUE 2030 

[FACE OF THE NOTE] 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL
DEBT SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY OR A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR
SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OTHER THAN AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY
OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE) MAY BE REGISTERED EXCEPT IN SUCH SPECIFIED CIRCUMSTANCES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO NUCOR
CORPORATION OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL, INASMUCH AS
THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

Nucor Corporation 

4.650% Notes due 2030 

N- 

CUSIP

670346 AZ8

$

Issue Date: 

NUCOR CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor under the Indenture hereinafter referred
to), for value received, promises to pay to Cede & Co., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ________________ Dollars ($_______ ) on June 1, 2030. The 4.650% Notes due 2030 are herein referred to as the Notes.

Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1, commencing December 1, 2025. 

Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile
by a duly authorized officer. 

Date: NUCOR CORPORATION,

as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

Trustees Certificate of Authentication 

This 4.650% Note due 2030 is one of the Series of Debt Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

NUCOR CORPORATION 

4.650% Notes due 2030 

Principal and Interest. The Company will pay the outstanding principal of this Note on June 1, 2030. 

The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note on each Interest Payment Date indicated on the face of this Note
(each, an Interest Payment Date), as set forth below, at the rate per annum shown above. 

Interest will be payable
semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing December 1, 2025. 

Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most
recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 5, 2025; provided that, if there is no existing default in the payment of interest and if this Note is authenticated between a regular Record Date as
indicated on the face of this Note (each, a Record Date) referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such Interest Payment Date. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

The Company
shall pay interest on overdue principal and premium and interest on overdue installments of interest, to the extent lawful, at the rate borne by the Notes. 

Method of Payment. The Company will pay interest (except as provided pursuant to Article Seven of the Indenture (as defined below) with
respect to defaulted interest and interest) on the principal amount of the Notes as provided above on each June 1 and December 1 to the Persons who are Holders (as reflected in the Debt Security register at the close of business on the
May 15 and November 15 next preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date), even if such Notes are cancelled after such Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date. On and after the redemption or repurchase of any of the Notes
by the Company, interest, if any, shall cease to accrue on the Notes, or portion thereof, subject to redemption or repurchase. With respect to the payment of principal, the Company will make payment to the Holder that surrenders this Note to the
paying agent with respect to the Notes (a Paying Agent) on or after June 1, 2030. 

Principal of and premium, if any, and
interest on the Notes initially will be payable in accordance with the procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to time. The Notes will be exchangeable and transfers of the Notes will be registrable, subject to the limitations
provided in the Indenture, at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee (as defined below). 

If any Interest Payment Date,
stated maturity date or earlier redemption date falls on a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then the required payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest may be made on the next
succeeding day not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, as if it were made on the date payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that
Interest Payment Date, stated maturity date or earlier redemption date, as the case may be. 

All payments made in respect of the Notes are to be made in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

Paying Agent and
Registrar. Initially, the Trustee will act as authenticating agent, Paying Agent and registrar (the Registrar) with respect to the Notes. The Company may change any authenticating agent, Paying Agent or Registrar without notice. The
Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Registrar.

Indenture; Limitations. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2014 (the Original
Indenture), as amended or supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018 (the First Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
May 22, 2020 (the Second Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2020 (the Third Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or
supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Fifth
Supplemental Indenture) and as further amended or supplemented by a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Original Indenture, the First Supplemental
Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), in each case, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee). Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated. Reference is made to the Indenture and
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), for a full, complete and detailed statement of the purposes for which the Notes are issued, the terms on which the Notes are issued and the terms, provisions and
conditions governing payment of the Notes and the provisions, among others, with respect to the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the authenticating agent, Holders and the
Company. The Holder of this Note, by acceptance of this Note, is deemed to have agreed and consented to the terms and provisions of the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by
reference to the Trust Indenture Act. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a statement of all such terms. 

The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. This Note is not secured by any collateral, including assets of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. The Sixth Supplemental Indenture establishes the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes at $500,000,000, all of which were issued by the Company on the Issue Date indicated on the face of this Note, and this Note shall
represent the aggregate principal amount of such outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon pursuant to the Indenture. The aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented hereby may from time to time be increased or decreased
by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as provided in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Optional Redemption. The Notes are subject to redemption upon prior notice, in whole
or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company as set forth in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Change of
Control Offer to Purchase. Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company shall be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes on the terms set forth in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. The Notes are in registered form, without interest coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 of
principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer or exchange of Notes may be registered and the Notes may be exchanged in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to
furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes, fees and/or other governmental charges required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes selected for
redemption. Also, it need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes for a period of fifteen (15) days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of Notes selected for redemption. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes will be issued only in registered form and
initially will be represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Beneficial interests in the Notes will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, the records maintained by DTC
participants. Except for the limited circumstances described in the Indenture, owners of beneficial interests in the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes in registered, certificated form and will not be considered the Holders
thereof. 

The Company will provide for registration of transfers of the Notes through the Registrar, subject to the operations and
procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to time, upon receipt of the information regarding the form of transfer and the status of the transferee to be provided on the Assignment Form attached hereto, along with such other opinions
of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee in connection with certain transfers. 

Persons Deemed Owners. A Holder shall be treated as the owner of a Note for all purposes. 

Unclaimed Money. If money for the payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest remains unclaimed for one year, the Trustee or
the Paying Agent will pay the money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment, unless applicable law designates another Person, and all liability of the Trustee and
such Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease. 

Defeasance and Discharge Prior to Redemption or Maturity. The Indenture contains
provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Note upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the
consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and, subject to Article Seven of the Indenture, any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with any provision may be waived
with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; provided, however, that no supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such Series then
outstanding, (i) change the fixed maturity (which term shall not include payments due pursuant to any sinking, purchase or analogous fund) of those Debt Securities, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time
of payment of interest thereon, reduce any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption on or after the
redemption date, without the consent of the Holder of each Debt Security so affected), or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of Debt Securities of any Series, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such supplemental
indenture. Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes to, among other things, clarify or cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency and make any change that does not
adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect. 

Restrictive Covenants. The Indenture contains certain
restrictive covenants with respect to the Notes. 

Successor Persons. When a successor Person or other entity assumes all the
obligations of its predecessor under the Notes and the Indenture, as permitted by the Indenture, the predecessor Person will be released from those obligations. 

Defaults and Remedies. The Indenture contains Events of Default with respect to the Notes. If an Event of Default with respect to Notes
of this Series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of such Notes may be declared, or shall immediately become, due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

Trustee Dealings with Company. Except as prohibited by the Indenture, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other
capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from and perform services for the Company or its affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Company or its affiliates as if it were not the Trustee. 

No Recourse Against Others. No recourse for the payment of the principal of, premium (if any) or interest (if any) on the Notes, or for
any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in the Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in the Notes, or because of the creation of any
indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director or employee as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any
successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise. The waiver and release are a condition of, and part of the consideration for, the issuance of the
Notes. 

Authentication. This Note shall not be entitled to any right or benefit under the
Indenture, or be valid, or become obligatory for any purpose, until the Trustee or authenticating agent signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. 

Governing Law. The Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.
Requests may be made to Nucor Corporation, 1915 Rexford Road, Charlotte, North Carolina 28211, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name,
address and zip code)

(Insert assignees Soc. Sec. or Tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint ____________________ agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The
agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: ___________________ 

Your Signature: __________________________________

(sign exactly as your name appears on the other side 

of the Note)

* 

NOTICE: The Signature must be guaranteed by an Institution which is a member of one of the following recognized
signature Guarantee Programs: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MNSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other guarantee program
acceptable to the Trustee. 

Exhibit B 

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE DUE 2035 

[FACE OF THE NOTE] 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL
DEBT SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE) OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY OR A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR
SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OTHER THAN AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY
OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE) MAY BE REGISTERED EXCEPT IN SUCH SPECIFIED CIRCUMSTANCES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO NUCOR
CORPORATION OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL, INASMUCH AS
THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

Nucor Corporation 

5.100% Notes due 2035 

N- 

CUSIP

670346
BA2

$

Issue Date: 

NUCOR CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor under the Indenture hereinafter referred
to), for value received, promises to pay to Cede & Co., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of ________________ Dollars ($_______) on June 1, 2035. The 5.100% Notes due 2035 are herein referred to as the Notes.

Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1, commencing December 1, 2025. 

Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile
by a duly authorized officer. 

Date: NUCOR CORPORATION,

as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

Trustees Certificate of Authentication 

This 5.100% Note due 2035 is one of the Series of Debt Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

NUCOR CORPORATION 

5.100% Notes due 2035 

Principal and Interest. The Company will pay the outstanding principal of this Note on June 1, 2035. 

The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note on each Interest Payment Date indicated on the face of this Note
(each, an Interest Payment Date), as set forth below, at the rate per annum shown above. 

Interest will be payable
semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing December 1, 2025. 

Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most
recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 5, 2025; provided that, if there is no existing default in the payment of interest and if this Note is authenticated between a regular Record Date as
indicated on the face of this Note (each, a Record Date) referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such Interest Payment Date. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 

The Company
shall pay interest on overdue principal and premium and interest on overdue installments of interest, to the extent lawful, at the rate borne by the Notes. 

Method of Payment. The Company will pay interest (except as provided pursuant to Article Seven of the Indenture (as defined below) with
respect to defaulted interest and interest) on the principal amount of the Notes as provided above on each June 1 and December 1 to the Persons who are Holders (as reflected in the Debt Security register at the close of business on the
May 15 and November 15 next preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date), even if such Notes are cancelled after such Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date. On and after the redemption or repurchase of any of the Notes
by the Company, interest, if any, shall cease to accrue on the Notes, or portion thereof, subject to redemption or repurchase. With respect to the payment of principal, the Company will make payment to the Holder that surrenders this Note to the
paying agent with respect to the Notes (a Paying Agent) on or after June 1, 2035. 

Principal of and premium, if any, and
interest on the Notes initially will be payable in accordance with the procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to time. The Notes will be exchangeable and transfers of the Notes will be registrable, subject to the limitations
provided in the Indenture, at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee (as defined below). 

If any Interest Payment Date,
stated maturity date or earlier redemption date falls on a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then the required payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest may be made on the next
succeeding day not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, as if it were made on the date payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that
Interest Payment Date, stated maturity date or earlier redemption date, as the case may be. 

All payments made in respect of the Notes are to be made in such coin or currency of the
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

Paying Agent and
Registrar. Initially, the Trustee will act as authenticating agent, Paying Agent and registrar (the Registrar) with respect to the Notes. The Company may change any authenticating agent, Paying Agent or Registrar without notice. The
Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Registrar.

Indenture; Limitations. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2014 (the Original
Indenture), as amended or supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018 (the First Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
May 22, 2020 (the Second Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2020 (the Third Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or
supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), as further amended or supplemented by a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Fifth
Supplemental Indenture) and as further amended or supplemented by a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Original Indenture, the First Supplemental
Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), in each case, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee). Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated. Reference is made to the Indenture and
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act), for a full, complete and detailed statement of the purposes for which the Notes are issued, the terms on which the Notes are issued and the terms, provisions and
conditions governing payment of the Notes and the provisions, among others, with respect to the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the authenticating agent, Holders and the
Company. The Holder of this Note, by acceptance of this Note, is deemed to have agreed and consented to the terms and provisions of the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by
reference to the Trust Indenture Act. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a statement of all such terms. 

The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. This Note is not secured by any collateral, including assets of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. The Sixth Supplemental Indenture establishes the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes at $500,000,000, all of which were issued by the Company on the Issue Date indicated on the face of this Note, and this Note shall
represent the aggregate principal amount of such outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon pursuant to the Indenture. The aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented hereby may from time to time be increased or decreased
by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as provided in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Optional Redemption. The Notes are subject to redemption upon prior notice, in whole
or in part, at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company as set forth in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Change of
Control Offer to Purchase. Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company shall be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes on the terms set forth in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. The Notes are in registered form, without interest coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 of
principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer or exchange of Notes may be registered and the Notes may be exchanged in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to
furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes, fees and/or other governmental charges required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes selected for
redemption. Also, it need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes for a period of fifteen (15) days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of Notes selected for redemption. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes will be issued only in registered form and
initially will be represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Beneficial interests in the Notes will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, the records maintained by DTC
participants. Except for the limited circumstances described in the Indenture, owners of beneficial interests in the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes in registered, certificated form and will not be considered the Holders
thereof. 

The Company will provide for registration of transfers of the Notes through the Registrar, subject to the operations and
procedures of DTC and its participants in effect from time to time, upon receipt of the information regarding the form of transfer and the status of the transferee to be provided on the Assignment Form attached hereto, along with such other opinions
of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee in connection with certain transfers. 

Persons Deemed Owners. A Holder shall be treated as the owner of a Note for all purposes. 

Unclaimed Money. If money for the payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest remains unclaimed for one year, the Trustee or
the Paying Agent will pay the money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment, unless applicable law designates another Person, and all liability of the Trustee and
such Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease. 

Defeasance and Discharge Prior to Redemption or Maturity. The Indenture contains
provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Note upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the
consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and, subject to Article Seven of the Indenture, any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with any provision may be waived
with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; provided, however, that no supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holders of all Debt Securities of such Series then
outstanding, (i) change the fixed maturity (which term shall not include payments due pursuant to any sinking, purchase or analogous fund) of those Debt Securities, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time
of payment of interest thereon, reduce any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption on or after the
redemption date, without the consent of the Holder of each Debt Security so affected), or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of Debt Securities of any Series, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such supplemental
indenture. Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes to, among other things, clarify or cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency and make any change that does not
adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect. 

Restrictive Covenants. The Indenture contains certain
restrictive covenants with respect to the Notes. 

Successor Persons. When a successor Person or other entity assumes all the
obligations of its predecessor under the Notes and the Indenture, as permitted by the Indenture, the predecessor Person will be released from those obligations. 

Defaults and Remedies. The Indenture contains Events of Default with respect to the Notes. If an Event of Default with respect to Notes
of this Series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of such Notes may be declared, or shall immediately become, due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

Trustee Dealings with Company. Except as prohibited by the Indenture, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other
capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from and perform services for the Company or its affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Company or its affiliates as if it were not the Trustee. 

No Recourse Against Others. No recourse for the payment of the principal of, premium (if any) or interest (if any) on the Notes, or for
any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in the Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in the Notes, or because of the creation of any
indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director or employee as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any
successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise. The waiver and release are a condition of, and part of the consideration for, the issuance of the
Notes. 

Authentication. This Note shall not be entitled to any right or benefit under the
Indenture, or be valid, or become obligatory for any purpose, until the Trustee or authenticating agent signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. 

Governing Law. The Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.
Requests may be made to Nucor Corporation, 1915 Rexford Road, Charlotte, North Carolina 28211, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees Soc. Sec. or Tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint ____________________ agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The
agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: ___________________ 

Your Signature: ______________________________

(sign exactly as your name appears on the other side 

of the Note)

* 

NOTICE: The Signature must be guaranteed by an Institution which is a member of one of the following recognized
signature Guarantee Programs: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MNSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other guarantee program
acceptable to the Trustee.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d923992dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 5, 2025 

Nucor Corporation

1915 Rexford Road

Charlotte, North Carolina 28211

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Nucor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys offer
and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.650% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes, and
collectively with the 2030 Notes, the Notes) pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-274169) (the
Registration Statement) filed by the Company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and as described in the
prospectus, dated August 23, 2023 (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement, dated March 3, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus). The Company
agreed to sell the Notes to a group of underwriters pursuant to an underwriting agreement, dated March 3, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and among the Company and the representatives of the several underwriters named therein.
This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the
Registration Statement or related Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issuance of the Notes. 

The Notes
are governed by and were issued pursuant to the terms of an indenture, dated as of August 19, 2014 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (successor in interest to U.S. Bank
National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), as amended or supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018, between the Company and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture), a second
supplemental indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, between the Company and the Trustee (the Second Supplemental Indenture), a third supplemental indenture, dated as of December 7, 2020, between the Company and the Trustee
(the Third Supplemental Indenture), a fourth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022, between the Company and the Trustee (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), a fifth supplemental indenture, dated as of
May 23, 2022, between the Company and the Trustee (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture) and a sixth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 5, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Sixth Supplemental
Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture, as amended or supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Fifth Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture). 

In connection with this opinion letter, we have (i) investigated such questions of law;
(ii) examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such agreements, instruments, documents and records of the Company (including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture, the
global certificates evidencing the Notes in the forms executed and delivered by the Company to, and authenticated by, the Trustee, resolutions of the Board of Directors adopted on February 17, 2025, the

Nucor Corporation 

March 5, 2025 

Page 2 

action of pricing committee, dated March 3, 2025, and the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated through the date hereof), such
certificates of public officials and such other documents; and (iii) received such information from officers and representatives of the Company and others, in each case, as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the
opinions hereafter expressed. In all such investigations and examinations and for purposes of rendering these opinions, we have assumed the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons executing documents and certificates submitted to us,
the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of original and certified documents submitted to us, the conformity to original or certified documents of all copies submitted to us as conformed or reproduction copies and that any certificate or
document upon which we have relied and which was given or dated earlier than the date of this opinion letter continues to remain accurate, insofar as relevant to the opinions contained herein, from such earlier date through and including the date
hereof. As to various questions of fact relevant to the opinions expressed herein, we have relied upon, and assumed the accuracy and completeness of, statements contained in the Indenture and any other documents executed, delivered or entered into
in connection with the offering of the Notes and certificates and oral or written statements and other information of or from public officials and officers and representatives of the Company and others and assumed compliance on the part of all
parties to the Indenture with their covenants and agreements contained therein. We have also assumed that (a) the Trustee had and continues to have the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Indenture, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated thereby; (b) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture was duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and the Indenture constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of, the Trustee enforceable against the
Trustee in accordance with its terms, and that the Trustee will comply with all of its obligations under the Indenture; (c) the Company will comply with all applicable laws; (d) the Registration Statement, and any amendments thereto filed
on or prior to the date hereof, are and remain effective, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing its use or the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement has been or will be issued and no
proceedings for that purpose have been or will be instituted or threatened by the SEC; and (e) the Notes were issued and sold in compliance with and in the manner described in the Prospectus and were duly authenticated by the Trustee in the
manner provided in the Indenture. With your permission, all assumptions and statements of reliance herein have been made without any independent investigation or verification on our part, except to the extent otherwise expressly stated, and we
express no opinion with respect to the accuracy of such assumptions or items relied upon. 

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the
limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Notes were validly authorized and issued and are binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

The opinions set forth above are subject to the following: 

(i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium (or related judicial doctrines) and other laws now or hereafter in effect affecting
creditors rights and remedies generally; 

(ii) general principles of equity (including, without limitation, standards of
materiality, good faith, fair dealing and reasonableness, equitable defenses and limits as to the availability of equitable remedies), whether such principles are considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; and 

Nucor Corporation 

March 5, 2025 

Page 3 

(iii) the application of any applicable fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent or voidable
transfer, fraudulent obligation, or preferential transfer law or any law governing the distribution of assets of any person now or hereafter in effect affecting creditors rights and remedies generally. 

The opinions expressed herein are limited to matters governed by the laws of the State of New York (which opinions are given by lawyers in
this firm who are licensed to practice in the State of New York), the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the federal laws of the United States of America that, in our experience, are normally applicable to transactions such as the
offer and sale of the Notes and the issuance and delivery thereof, each as currently in effect, and no opinion is expressed with respect to such laws as subsequently amended, or any other laws, or any effect that such amended or other laws may have
on the opinions expressed herein. The opinions expressed herein are limited to the matters stated herein and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated herein. The opinions expressed herein are given as of the date
hereof, and we undertake no obligation to advise you of any changes in applicable laws after the date hereof or of any facts that might change the opinions expressed herein that we may become aware of after the date hereof or for any other reason.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and the incorporation by reference of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to this firm under the caption
Legal Matters in the Prospectus. In giving such consent, we do not believe and do not hereby admit that we are in the category of such persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Moore & Van Allen PLLC 

MOORE & VAN ALLEN
PLLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nue-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nue-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nue-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g923992g0304232555786.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g923992g0304232556000.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name NUCOR CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000073309

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-4119

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-1860817

Entity Address, Address Line One 1915 Rexford Road

Entity Address, City or Town Charlotte

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28211

City Area Code (704)

Local Phone Number 366-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.40 per share

Trading Symbol NUE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://nucor.com//20250303/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d923992d8k.htm 
nue-20250303.xsd 
nue-20250303_lab.xml 
nue-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-047196-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d923992d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000073309 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

NUCOR CORP 
false 
0000073309 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
DE 
1-4119 
13-1860817 
1915 Rexford Road 
Charlotte 
NC 
28211 
(704) 
366-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.40 per share 
NUE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>