<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-046225.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-046225.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305070825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-046225
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CalciMedica, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				452120079
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39538
		FILM NUMBER:		25708804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 COAST BOULEVARD SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 307
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-952-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 COAST BOULEVARD SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 307
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CalciMedica, Inc. /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230322

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRAYBUG VISION, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170717

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRAYBUG, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150303
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d940326d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQfalse000153413300015341332025-02-282025-02-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 28, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CalciMedica, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39538 45-2120079

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

505 Coast Boulevard South,

Suite 307 

La Jolla, California 92037

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (858)952-5500

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share CALC The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Loan Agreement 

On February 28, 2025 (the Closing Date), CalciMedica, Inc.(the Company) entered into a Loan and Security Agreement and the Supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement (together, the Loan Agreement) with Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. (the Lender) and Avenue Capital Management II, L.P., as administrative agent and collateral agent, for growth capital loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $32,500,000 (the Loan), with (i) $10,000,000 funded on the Closing Date (Tranche 1), (ii) up to $7,500,000 to be made available to the Company between September 1, 2025 and March 31, 2026, subject to, among other things, the Companys achievement of certain milestones with respect to certain of its ongoing clinical trials (Tranche 2) and (iii) up to $15,000,000 to be made available to the Company between October 1, 2025 and March 31, 2026, subject to, among other things, (a) the Companys achievement of additional milestones with respect to certain of its ongoing clinical trials and (b) the mutual written agreement of the Company and the Lender (upon its investment committee approval). The Company will make interest only payments until the 18-month anniversary of the Closing Date, subject to a 6-month extension upon the Companys achievement of certain milestones with respect to certain of its ongoing clinical trials and funding of the full amount under Tranche 2. The Loan bears interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) the sum of 5.00% plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal and (b) 12.75%. The Loan is secured by a lien upon and security interest in all of the Companys assets, including intellectual property, subject to agreed exceptions. The maturity date of the Loan is September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date). The Loan Agreement does not contain any minimum cash requirement or other financial covenant. 

The Lender has the right to convert, (i) prior to funding of Tranche 2, up to $1,000,000 of the principal amount of the Loan outstanding, and (ii) after funding of Tranche 2, up to additional $1,000,000 of the principal amount of the Loan outstanding, into shares of the Companys common stock at a price per share equal to 120.00% of the Stock Purchase Price (as defined below) (collectively, the Conversion Securities). 

The Company may prepay the Loan, in whole, at any time subject to a prepayment premium equal to: (a) 3.00% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Loan, if such prepayment occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date; (b) 2.00% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the advance, if such prepayment occurs after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date; and (c) 1.00% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the advance, if such prepayment occurs after the second anniversary of the Closing Date. The Company will pay a final payment equal to 3.75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Loan funded on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date that the Company prepays all of the outstanding principal in full. 

The Loan Agreement also includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for a facility of a type similar to the Loan Agreement. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default, the Lender may demand immediate repayment of all principal and unpaid interest under the Loan Agreement and exercise remedies against the Company and the collateral securing the Loan Agreement. These events of default include, among other things: (i) insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar events; (ii) failure to pay any debts due under the Loan Agreement or other loan documents on a timely basis; (iii) failure to observe any covenant or secured obligation under the Loan Agreement, subject to a certain cure period; (iv) occurrence of a material adverse effect; (v) material misrepresentations; (vi) occurrence of any default beyond any grace or cure period under any other agreement involving monetary liability in excess of $250,000; and (vii) entry of certain judgments against the Company (not covered by third-party insurance) in excess of $250,000 that remain unsatisfied, unvacated or unstayed pending appeal for 30 or more days after entry thereof. 

Warrant 

In connection with the Loan, pursuant to the funding of Tranche 1 on the Closing Date, the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase 641,163 shares of common stock of the Company (the Warrant) at an exercise price per share equal to $2.32 (the Stock Purchase Price). The Warrant, which is exercisable until February 28, 2030 (the Expiration Date), was offered and sold by the Company in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In addition, upon a change of control, the Lender would be entitled to receive the shares of common stock underlying the Warrant without payment of the exercise price. 

The Lender may exercise the Warrant at any time, or from time to time up to and including the Expiration Date, by making a cash payment equal to the exercise price multiplied by the quantity of shares. The Lender may also exercise the Warrant on a cashless or net issuance basis by receiving a net number of shares calculated pursuant to the formula set forth in the Warrant. The Warrant is subject to anti-dilution adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, and reverse stock splits. 

The foregoing description of the Loan Agreement and the Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Loan Agreement, which has been filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the Warrant, which has been filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Companys direct financial obligation under the Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

To the extent required by Item 3.02 of Form 8-K, the information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The offer and sale of the Conversion Securities, the Warrant and the shares of the Companys common stock underlying the Warrant have not been registered under the Securities Act, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On the Closing Date, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Agreement. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Stock of CalciMedica, Inc. dated February 28, 2025, by and between CalciMedica, Inc. and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, LP. 

10.1* Loan and Security Agreement dated February 28, 2025, by and among CalciMedica, Inc., Avenue Capital Management II, L.P., and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. 

10.2* Supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement dated February 28, 2025, by and among CalciMedica, Inc., Avenue Capital Management II, L.P., and Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P. 

99.1 Press Release from CalciMedica, Inc. dated February 28, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

* 

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act because they are both not material and are the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. The registrant undertakes to furnish an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CALCIMEDICA, INC.

Date: March 5, 2025 By: 

/s/ A. Rachel Leheny

A. Rachel Leheny, Ph.D.

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d940326dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) SUCH REGISTRATION,
(B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (C) CALCIMEDICA, INC. OTHERWISE SATISFIES
ITSELF THAT SUCH TRANSACTION IS COMPLIANT WITH SUCH LAWS. 

Date of Issuance: February 28, 2025 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE 

SHARES OF
STOCK OF 

CALCIMEDICA, INC. 

(Void after February 28, 2030) 

This certifies that AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or permitted assigns
(Holder), for value received, is entitled to purchase from CALCIMEDICA, INC., a Delaware corporation (Company), the Applicable Number (hereinafter defined) of fully paid and nonassessable shares of the
Companys Common Stock (the Common Stock), for cash, at a purchase price per share equal to the Stock Purchase Price (hereinafter defined). Holder may also exercise this Warrant on a cashless or net issuance basis
as described in Section 1(b) below, and this Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised in full on such basis on the Expiration Date (hereinafter defined), to the extent not fully exercised prior to such date. This Warrant is issued in
connection with that certain Loan and Security Agreement and Supplement thereto, both of even date herewith (as amended, restated and supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement and the Supplement,
respectively), between Company, as borrower, and Holder, as lender (Lender). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Warrant shall have the meaning(s) ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement and the
Supplement, unless the context would otherwise require. 

In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms
have the meanings indicated below: 

Applicable Number means 641,163 shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder
obtained by dividing (A) $1,487,500 by (B) the Stock Purchase Price. 

Stock Purchase Price means $2.32. 

Subject to Section 4.3, this Warrant may be exercised at any time or from time to time up to and including 5:00 p.m. (Pacific time) on
February 28, 2030 (the Expiration Date), upon surrender to Company at its principal office at 505 Coast Boulevard South, Suite 307, La Jolla, CA 92037 (or at such other location as Company may advise Holder in writing) of
this Warrant properly endorsed with the Form of Subscription attached hereto duly completed and signed and upon payment in cash or by check of the aggregate Stock Purchase Price for the number of shares for which this Warrant is being exercised
determined in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Stock Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable hereunder are subject to further adjustment as provided in Section 4 of this Warrant. 

This Warrant is subject to the following terms and conditions: 

1. Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares. 

(a) Unless an election is made pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 1, this Warrant shall be exercisable at the option of Holder,
at any time or from time to time, on or before the Expiration Date for all or any portion of the shares of Common Stock (but not for a fraction of a share) which may be purchased hereunder for the Stock Purchase Price multiplied by the number of
shares to be purchased. Company agrees that the shares of Common Stock purchased under this Warrant shall be and are deemed to be issued to Holder as the record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the date on which the form of
subscription shall have been delivered and payment made for such shares. Subject to the provisions of Section 2, certificates for the shares of Common Stock so purchased, together with any other securities or property to which Holder is
entitled upon such exercise, shall be delivered to Holder by Company at Companys expense within a reasonable time after the rights represented by this Warrant have been so exercised. Except as provided in clause (b) of this
Section 1, in case of a purchase of less than all the shares which may be purchased under this Warrant, Company shall cancel this Warrant and execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants of like tenor for the balance of the shares purchasable
under this Warrant surrendered upon such purchase to Holder within a reasonable time. Each stock certificate so delivered shall be in such denominations of Common Stock as may be requested by Holder and shall be registered in the name of such Holder
or such other name as shall be designated by such Holder, subject to the limitations contained in Section 2. 

(b) Holder, in lieu of
exercising this Warrant by the cash payment of the Stock Purchase Price pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 1, may elect, at any time on or before the Expiration Date, to surrender this Warrant and receive that number of shares of
Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

Where: X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock that Holder would otherwise have been entitled to purchase hereunder pursuant to Section 1(a) (or such lesser number of shares as Holder may designate in the case of a partial exercise of
this Warrant).

A = the closing price on the last trading day prior to exercise of this Warrant.

B = the Stock Purchase Price then in effect.

Election to exercise under this Section 1(b) may be made by delivering a signed form of subscription to Company via
electronic mail or facsimile, to be followed by delivery of this Warrant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, if as of the close of business on the last business day preceding the Expiration Date this Warrant remains
unexercised as to all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, then effective at 9:00 a.m. (Pacific time) on the Expiration Date, Holder shall be deemed, automatically and without need for notice to Company, to have elected
to exercise this Warrant in full pursuant to the provisions of this Section 1(b), and upon surrender of this Warrant shall be entitled to receive that number of shares of Common Stock computed using the above formula, provided that the
application of such formula as of the Expiration Date yields a positive number for X. 

2 

2. Limitation on Transfer. 

(a) This Warrant and the Common Stock shall not be transferable except upon the conditions specified in this Section 2, which conditions
are intended to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Each holder of this Warrant or the Common Stock issuable hereunder will cause any proposed transferee of the
Warrant or Common Stock to agree to take and hold such securities subject to the provisions and upon the conditions specified in this Section 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other provision of this Section 2 but subject to the
last sentence of Section 2(c), Holder may freely transfer all or part of this Warrant or the shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of the shares, if any) at any time
to any affiliate of Lender under the Loan Agreement, by giving Company notice of the portion of the Warrant being transferred setting forth the name, address and taxpayer identification number of the transferee and surrendering this Warrant to
Company for reissuance to the transferees(s) (and Holder, if applicable). 

(b) Each certificate representing (i) this Warrant,
(ii) the Common Stock, and (iii) any other securities issued in respect of the Common Stock issued upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the
provisions of this Section 2 or unless such securities have been registered under the Securities Act or sold under Rule 144) be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required
under applicable state securities laws): 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE AND DISTRIBUTION THEREOF, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) SUCH REGISTRATION, (B) AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED DUE TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (C) CALCIMEDICA, INC. OTHERWISE SATISFIES ITSELF THAT SUCH
TRANSACTION IS COMPLIANT WITH SUCH LAWS. 

(c) Holder of this Warrant and each person to whom this Warrant is subsequently transferred
represents and warrants to Company and agrees (by acceptance of such transfer) that it will not transfer this Warrant (or securities issuable upon exercise hereof unless a registration statement under the Securities Act was in effect with respect to
such securities at the time of issuance thereof) unless (i) there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws covering any such transaction, (ii) pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act (or any other rule under the Securities Act relating to the disposition of securities), (iii) Company receives an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to Company, that an exemption from such registration is available or
(iv) the Company otherwise satisfies itself that such transaction is exempt from registration. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Section 2, Holder shall not transfer this Warrant (or securities issuable upon
exercise hereof, or securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of such securities, if any) to any competitor of Company, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Company (the Board), without the
prior written consent of Company. 

3. Shares to be Fully Paid; Reservation of Shares. Company covenants and agrees that all shares
of Common Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive rights of any stockholder and free of
all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. Company further covenants and agrees that during the period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised, Company will at all times have authorized and reserved,
for the purpose of issue or transfer upon exercise of the subscription rights evidenced by this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock, or other securities and property, when and as required to provide for the
exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. Company will take all such action as may be necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any
requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which the Common Stock may be listed. Company will not take any action which would result in any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price (as described in Section 4 hereof) (i) if the
total number of shares of Common Stock issuable after such action upon exercise of all outstanding warrants, together with all shares of Common Stock then outstanding and all shares of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of all options and upon
the conversion of all convertible securities then outstanding, would exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock then authorized by Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the
Charter), or (ii) if the par value per share of the Common Stock would exceed the Stock Purchase Price. 

3 

4. Adjustment of Stock Purchase Price and Number of Shares. The Stock Purchase Price
and the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events described in this Section 4. Upon each adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price, Holder
of this Warrant shall thereafter be entitled to purchase, at the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment, the number of shares obtained by multiplying the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the number
of shares purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment, and dividing the product thereof by the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment. 

4.1 Subdivision or Combination of Stock. In case Company shall at any time subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision shall be proportionately reduced, and conversely, in case the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Company shall be combined into a smaller number of
shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately increased. 

4.2
Dividends. If at any time or from time to time the holders of Common Stock (or any shares of stock or other securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall have received or become entitled to receive, 

(a) Common Stock, or any shares of stock or other securities whether or not such securities are at any time directly or indirectly convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or any rights or options to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing by way of dividend or other distribution, 

(b) any cash paid or payable including as a cash dividend, or 

(c) Common Stock or other or additional stock or other securities or property (including cash) by way of spin off, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or similar corporate rearrangement, (other than shares of Common Stock issued as a stock split, adjustments in respect of which shall be covered by the terms of
Section 4.1 above), 

then and in each such case, Holder hereof shall, upon the exercise of this Warrant, be entitled to receive, in addition to the
number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, and without payment of any additional consideration therefor, the amount of stock and other securities and property (including cash in the cases referred to in clauses (b) and (c) above)
which such Holder would hold on the date of such exercise had it been the holder of record of such Common Stock as of the date on which holders of Common Stock received or became entitled to receive such shares and/or all other additional stock and
other securities and property. 

4.3 Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), this Warrant
shall be automatically exchanged for a number of shares of Companys securities, such number of shares being equal to the maximum number of shares issuable pursuant to the terms hereof (after taking into account all adjustments described
herein) had Holder elected to exercise this Warrant immediately prior to the closing of such Change of Control and purchased all such shares pursuant to the cash exercise provision set forth in Section 1(a) hereof (as opposed to the cashless
exercise provision set forth in Section 1(b)). Company acknowledges and agrees that Holder shall not be required to make any payment (cash or otherwise) for such shares as further consideration for their issuance pursuant to the terms of
the preceding sentence. Change of Control shall mean any sale, license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, any reorganization, consolidation, merger or other transaction involving Company
where the holders of Companys securities before the transaction beneficially own less than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving entity after the transaction; provided that an issuance of equity securities for the primary
purpose of raising capital shall not be considered a Change of Control under this Warrant. This Warrant shall terminate upon Holders receipt of the number of shares of Companys equity securities described in this Section 4.3. 

4 

4.4 Reserved. 

4.5 Notice of Adjustment. Upon any adjustment of the Stock Purchase Price, and/or any increase or decrease in the number of shares
purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant, Company shall give written notice thereof to Holder pursuant to Section 12. The notice, which may be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, shall be signed by
Companys chief financial officer and shall state the Stock Purchase Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of this Warrant, setting forth
in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. 

4.6 Other Notices. If at any
time: 

(a) Company shall declare any cash dividend upon its Common Stock; 

(b) Company shall declare any dividend upon its Common Stock payable in stock or make any special dividend or other distribution to the
holders of its Common Stock; 

(c) Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares
of stock of any class or other rights; 

(d) there shall be any capital reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of Company,
or consolidation or merger of Company with, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets to, another entity; 

(e) there shall be a
voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of Company; or 

(f) Company shall
take or propose to take any other action, notice of which is actually provided to holders of the Common Stock; 

then, in any one or more of said cases,
Company shall give Holder, pursuant to Section 12, (i) at least 15 days prior written notice of the date on which the books of Company shall close or a record shall be taken for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or for
determining rights to vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action and (ii) in the case of any such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action, at least 15 days written notice of the date when the same shall take place. Any
notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (i) shall also specify, in the case of any such dividend, distribution or subscription rights, the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto. Any notice given in
accordance with the foregoing clause (ii) shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, or other action as the case may be. 

4.7 Certain Events. If any change in the outstanding Common Stock of Company or any other event occurs as to which the other provisions
of this Section 4 are not strictly applicable or if strictly applicable would not fairly effect the adjustments to this Warrant in accordance with the essential intent and principles of such provisions, then the Board shall make in good faith
an adjustment in the number and class of shares issuable under this Warrant, the Stock Purchase Price and/or the application of such provisions, in accordance with such essential intent and principles, so as to protect such purchase rights as
aforesaid. The adjustment shall be such as will give Holder of this Warrant upon exercise for the same aggregate Stock Purchase Price the total number, class and kind of shares as Holder would have owned had this Warrant been exercised prior to the
event and had Holder continued to hold such shares until after the event requiring adjustment. 

5 

5. Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to Holder of this Warrant for any issue tax in respect thereof; provided, however, that Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the then Holder of this Warrant being exercised. 

6. Closing
of Books. Company will at no time close its transfer books against the transfer of this Warrant or of any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in any manner which interferes with the timely exercise of this
Warrant. 

7. No Voting Rights; Limitation of Liability. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as conferring upon
Holder hereof the right to vote or to consent as a stockholder in respect of meetings of stockholders for the election of directors of Company or any other matters or any rights whatsoever as a stockholder of Company. No dividends or interest shall
be payable in respect of this Warrant or the interest represented hereby or the shares purchasable hereunder until, and only to the extent that, this Warrant shall have been exercised; provided, however, that if any dividends are due or paid at any
time on the underlying securities for which this Warrant is exercisable, then upon exercise, the securities issued to Holder shall be deemed to have accrued dividends and be paid identical dividends from the same time as the outstanding shares for
which this Warrant is exercisable were first issued (or, if later, the date of this Warrant). No provisions hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock, and no mere enumeration herein of the rights or
privileges of Holder hereof, shall give rise to any liability of such Holder for the Stock Purchase Price or as a stockholder of Company, whether such liability is asserted by Company or by its creditors. 

8. Amendment of Charter. Unless Holder consents thereto in writing, Company shall not amend its Charter prior to the exercise of this
Warrant if the Common Stock would be adversely affected by such amendment in a manner that would be more adverse to Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant than, and substantially dissimilar to,
such amendments effect on the other holders of the Common Stock. 

9. Reserved. 

10. Rights and Obligations Survive Exercise of Warrant. The rights and obligations of Company, of Holder of this Warrant and of the
holder of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of this Warrant, contained in Sections 6, 8 and 18 shall survive the exercise of this Warrant. 

11. Modification and Waiver. This Warrant and any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought. 

12. Notices. Any notice, request or
other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to Holder or Company shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt if delivered personally or by courier (ii) upon confirmation of receipt if by electronic mail or
facsimile or (iii) three business days after deposit in the US mail, with postage prepaid and certified or registered, to each such Holder at its address as shown on the books of Company or to Company at the address indicated therefor in the
opening paragraphs of this Warrant (or at such other location as Company may advise Holder in writing). 

6 

13. Survival of Certain Obligations. All of the obligations of Company relating to
the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall survive the exercise and termination of this Warrant. All of the covenants and agreements of Company shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. Company will, at the time of the exercise of this Warrant, in whole or in part, upon request of Holder but at Companys expense, acknowledge in writing its continuing obligation to Holder in respect of any rights (including,
without limitation, any right to registration of the shares of Common Stock) to which Holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in accordance with this Warrant; provided, that the failure of Holder to make any such request shall not
affect the continuing obligation of Company to Holder in respect of such rights. 

14. Descriptive Headings and Governing Law. The
descriptive headings of the several sections and paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant. This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the
parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Delaware. 

15. Lost Warrants or Stock Certificates. Company agrees that upon
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of any Warrant or stock certificate and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory
to Company, or in the case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, Company at its expense will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate, of like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated Warrant or stock certificate. 

16. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon exercise of
this Warrant. Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay the holder entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then effective Stock Purchase Price. 

17. Representations of Holder. With respect to this Warrant, Holder represents and warrants to Company as follows: 

17.1 Experience. It is experienced in evaluating and investing in companies engaged in businesses similar to that of Company; it
understands that investment in this Warrant involves substantial risks; it has made detailed inquiries concerning Company, its business and services, its officers and its personnel; the officers of Company have made available to Holder any and all
written information it has requested; the officers of Company have answered to Holders satisfaction all inquiries made by it; in making this investment it has relied upon information made available to it by Company; and it has such knowledge
and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investment in Company and it is able to bear the economic risk of that investment. 

17.2 Investment. It is acquiring this Warrant and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant for investment for
its own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. It understands that this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, have not been registered under the Securities
Act, nor qualified under applicable state securities laws. 

17.3 Rule 144. It acknowledges that this Warrant and the Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has been advised or is aware of the provisions of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act. 

17.4 Access to Data. It has had an opportunity to discuss Companys business,
management and financial affairs with Companys management and has had the opportunity to inspect Companys facilities. 

17.5
Accredited Investor. It is, and at the time this Warrant was offered was, an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

7 

18. Additional Representations and Covenants of Company. Company hereby represents,
warrants and agrees as follows: 

18.1 Corporate Power. Company has all requisite corporate power and corporate authority to issue
this Warrant and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder. 

18.2 Authorization. All corporate action on the part of
Company, its directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance by Company of this Warrant has been taken. This Warrant is a valid and binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

18.3 Offering. Subject in part to the truth and accuracy of Holders representations set forth in Section 17
hereof, the offer, issuance and sale of this Warrant is, and the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant will be, exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and are exempt from the qualification requirements of any
applicable state securities laws; and neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf will take any action hereafter that would cause the loss of such exemptions. 

18.4 Listing; Stock Issuance. Company shall secure and maintain the listing of the Common Stock or other securities issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant, upon each securities exchange or over-the-counter market upon which securities of the same class or series issued by Company are listed, if
any. Upon exercise of this Warrant, Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the issuance of the shares of Common Stock purchased pursuant to the exercise to be issued in book-entry form in the names of Holder, its nominees or
assignees, as appropriate at the time of such exercise. 

18.5 Charter Documents. Company has provided Holder with true and complete
copies of Companys Charter, By-Laws, and each Certificate of Designation or other charter document setting, forth any rights, preferences and privileges of Companys capital stock, each as amended
and in effect on the date of issuance of this Warrant. 

18.6 Reserved. 

18.7 Financial and Other Reports. Subject to applicable securities laws, until the earliest of (a) the Expiration Date,
(b) the full exercise of this Warrant, (c) the date that the Commitments (as defined in the Loan Agreement) have terminated and the Obligations (as defined in the Loan Agreement) are repaid in full and (d) the termination of this
Warrant pursuant to Section 4.3, Company agrees to provide Holder at any time and from time to time with such information that is in the Companys possession as Holder may reasonably request for purposes of Holders compliance (as
determined by Holder in its reasonable discretion) with regulatory, accounting and reporting requirements applicable to Holder under law (e.g., Fair Value Accounting Standard 157). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company shall not be required to
furnish to Holder the financial information described in this Section 18.7 in the event such financial information has been previously delivered to Lender pursuant to the Loan Agreement, such financial information is publicly available through
the Companys periodic reports filings, or produce any information not already in the Companys possession. 

19.
Counterparts; Facsimile; Electronic Signatures. This Warrant may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number of separate counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Holders
execution and delivery of Holders counterpart signature page to this Warrant via facsimile or electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) shall
constitute Holders effective execution and delivery of this Warrant and agreement to and acceptance of the terms hereof for all purposes. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its officer,
thereunto duly authorized as of the date of issuance set forth on the first page hereof. 

CALCIMEDICA, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rachel Leheny

Name: Rachel Leheny

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

HOLDER:

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: 

/s/ Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Warrant] 

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION 

(To be signed only upon exercise of Warrant) 

To: _____________________________ 

The undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase right
represented by such Warrant for, and to purchase thereunder, (1) ________________ (_____) shares1 (the Shares) of Stock of __________ and herewith makes payment of _____________
Dollars ($________) therefor, and requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the name of, and delivered to, _________, whose address is ___________. 

The undersigned hereby elects to convert ______ percent (__%) of the value of the Warrant pursuant to the
provisions of Section 1(b) of the Warrant. 

The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed the representations and warranties
contained in Section 17 of this Warrant and by its signature below hereby makes such representations and warranties to Company. 

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its: 

(Address) 

1 

Insert here the number of shares called for on the face of the Warrant (or, in the case of a partial exercise,
the portion thereof as to which the Warrant is being exercised), in either case without making any adjustment for additional Warrant Stock or any other stock or other securities or property or cash which, pursuant to the adjustment provisions of the
Warrant, may be issuable upon exercise. 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, the holder of the within Warrant, hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the undersigned under the
within Warrant, with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock covered thereby set forth herein below, unto: 

Name of Assignee 

Address 

No. of Shares

Dated 

Holder: 

By: 

Its: 

EXHIBIT A 

[On letterhead of Company] 

Reference is hereby made to that certain Warrant dated February 28, 2025 issued by CALCIMEDICA, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), to AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Holder). 

[IF APPLICABLE] The Warrant provides that the actual number and type of shares of Companys capital stock issuable upon exercise of the
Warrant and the initial exercise price per share are to be determined by reference to one or more events or conditions subsequent to the issuance of the Warrant. Such events or conditions have now occurred or lapsed, and Company wishes to confirm
the actual number of shares issuable and the initial exercise price. The provisions of this Supplement to Warrant are incorporated into the Warrant by this reference, and shall control the interpretation and exercise of the Warrant. 

[IF APPLICABLE] Notice is hereby given pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Warrant that the following adjustment(s) have been made to the
Warrant: [describe adjustments, setting forth details regarding method of calculation and facts upon which calculation is based]. 

This
certifies that Holder is entitled to purchase from Company __________________________, at the Holders option, either (i) (____________) fully paid and nonassessable shares of Companys _________ Stock at a price of
_________________________ Dollars ($__________) per share or (ii) (____________) fully paid and nonassessable shares of Companys _________ Stock at a price of _________________________ Dollars ($__________) per share. The applicable Stock
Purchase Price and the number of shares purchasable under the Warrant remain subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4 of the Warrant. 

Executed this ___ day of ________________, 20___. 

CALCIMEDICA, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d940326dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Certain information contained in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the type that the
registrant treats as private or confidential. Omitted portions are marked with [***] in this exhibit. 

LOAN AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT 

Dated as of February 28, 2025 

among 

CALCIMEDICA,
INC., 

a Delaware corporation, 

as Borrower, 

and 

AVENUE CAPITAL
MANAGEMENT II, L.P., 

a Delaware limited partnership, 

as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity Agent) 

and 

AVENUE VENTURE
OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P., 

a Delaware limited partnership, (Avenue 2), 

as a lender 

(in such
capacity, together with each other lender from time to time party hereto, a Lender and 

collectively, the
Lenders) 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Borrower, Lenders and Agent have entered or anticipate entering into one or more transactions pursuant to which each Lender agrees to make
available to Borrower a loan facility governed by the terms and conditions set forth in this document and one or more Supplements executed by Borrower, Lenders and Agent which incorporate this document by reference. Each Supplement constitutes a
supplement to and forms part of this document, and will be read and construed as one with this document, so that this document and the Supplement constitute a single agreement between the parties (as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from
time to time, collectively, this Agreement). 

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 - INTERPRETATION 

1.1Definitions. The terms defined in Article 10 and in the Supplement will have the meanings therein specified for purposes
of this Agreement. 

1.2Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Supplement and this
document, the provisions of the Supplement will be controlling for the purpose of all relevant transactions. 

ARTICLE 2 - THE COMMITMENT AND LOANS

2.1The Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender agrees to make term loans to
Borrower from time to time from the Closing Date and to and including the Termination Date in an aggregate original principal amount not exceeding the Commitment. The Commitment is not a revolving credit commitment, and Borrower does not have the
right to repay and reborrow hereunder; provided that Borrower may prepay the Loans as set forth in the Supplement. The aggregate Loans requested by Borrower to be made on a single Business Day shall be for a minimum principal amount set forth in the
Supplement, except to the extent the remaining Commitment is a lesser amount. 

2.2Notes Evidencing Loans; Repayment. Each
Loan shall be evidenced by a separate Note payable to the order of each Lender of such Loan, in the total principal amount of such Lenders pro rata share of the Loan. Principal and interest of each Loan shall be payable at the times and in the
manner set forth in the Note and regularly scheduled payments thereof shall be effected by automatic debit of the appropriate funds from Borrowers Primary Operating Account as specified in the Supplement hereto. Repayment of the Loans and
payment of all other amounts owed to each Lender will be paid by Borrower in the currency in

which the same has been provided (i.e., United States Dollars). 

2.3Procedures for Borrowing. 

(a) At least five (5) Business Days prior to a proposed Borrowing Date (or such lesser
period of time as may be agreed upon by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion), Lender shall have received from Borrower a written request for a borrowing hereunder (a Borrowing Request). Each
Borrowing Request shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit B to the Supplement, shall be executed by a responsible executive or financial officer of Borrower, and shall state how much is requested, and shall be accompanied by
such other information and documentation as any Lender may reasonably request, including the executed Note(s) for the Loan(s) covered by the corresponding Borrowing Request. 

(b) No later than 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the Borrowing Date, if Borrower has satisfied the conditions precedent in Article 4 by
9:00 a.m. Pacific Time on such Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make its Loan available to Borrower in immediately available funds. 

2.4Interest. Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Note and/or Supplement, Basic Interest on the outstanding
principal balance of each Loan shall accrue daily at the Designated Rate from the Borrowing Date. If the outstanding principal balance of such Loan is not paid at maturity, interest shall accrue at the Default Rate until paid in full, as further set
forth herein. 

2.5Intentionally Omitted.

1 

2.6Interest Rate Calculation. Basic Interest, along with charges and fees under
this Agreement and any Loan Document, shall be calculated for actual days elapsed on the basis of a 360-day year, which results in higher interest, charge or fee payments than if a 365-day year were used. In no event shall Borrower be obligated to pay any Lender interest, charges or fees at a rate in excess of the highest rate permitted by applicable law from time to time in effect. 

2.7Default Interest. Any Event of Default, at Lenders election, any unpaid payments in respect of the Obligations shall
bear interest from their respective maturities, whether scheduled or accelerated, at the Default Rate, compounded monthly. Borrower shall pay such interest on demand. 

2.8Late Charges. If Borrower is late in making any scheduled payment in respect of the Obligations by more than five
(5) days, then Borrower agrees to pay a late charge of five percent (5%) of the payment due, but not less than fifty dollars ($50.00) for any one such delinquent payment. This late charge shall be charged by Agent, for the ratable benefit of
the Lenders, for the purpose of defraying the expenses incidental to the handling of such delinquent amounts. Borrower acknowledges that such late charge represents a reasonable sum considering all of the circumstances existing on the date of this
Agreement and represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs that will be sustained by Lenders due to the failure of Borrower to make timely payments. Borrower further agrees that proof of actual damages would be costly and inconvenient.
Such late charge shall be paid without prejudice to the right of Lenders and Agent to collect any other amounts provided to be paid or to declare a default under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or from exercising any other rights
and remedies of Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders. 

2.9Lenders Records. Principal, Basic Interest and all
other sums owed under any Loan Document shall be evidenced by entries in records maintained by each Lender for such purpose. Each payment on and any other credits with respect to principal, Basic Interest and all other sums outstanding under any
Loan Document shall be evidenced by entries in such records. Absent manifest error, each Lenders records shall be conclusive evidence thereof. 

2.10 Grant of Security Interests; Filing of Financing Statements. 

(a) To secure the timely payment and performance of all of Borrowers Obligations, Borrower hereby grants to Agent, for the
ratable benefit of the Lenders, continuing security interests in all of the Collateral. In connection with the foregoing, Borrower

authorizes Agent to prepare and file any financing statements describing the Collateral without otherwise obtaining Borrowers signature or consent with respect to the filing of such
financing statements. Such financing statements may indicate the Collateral as all assets of the Debtor or words of similar effect. 

(b) In furtherance of Borrowers grant of the security interests in the Collateral pursuant to Section 2.10(a) above,
Borrower hereby pledges and grants to Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a security interest in all the Shares, together with all proceeds and substitutions thereof, all cash, stock and other moneys and property paid thereon, all rights
to subscribe for securities declared or granted in connection therewith, and all other cash and noncash proceeds of the foregoing, as security for the performance of the Obligations. On the Closing Date or at any time thereafter following
Agents request, the certificate or certificates for the Shares, if any, will be delivered to the Agent, accompanied by an instrument of assignment duly executed in blank by Borrower, unless such Shares have not been certificated. To the extent
required by the terms and conditions governing the Shares, Borrower shall cause the books of each Subsidiary whose Shares are part of the Collateral and any transfer agent to reflect the pledge of the Shares. Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default hereunder and upon one (1) Business Days written notice from Agent to Borrower, Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, may effect the transfer of any securities included in the Collateral
(including but not limited to the Shares) into the name of Agent and cause new certificates representing such securities to be issued in the name of Agent or its transferee(s). Borrower will execute and deliver such documents, and take or cause to
be taken such actions, as Agent may reasonably request to perfect or continue the perfection of Agents security interest in the Shares. Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as provided in the following sentence,
Borrower shall be entitled to exercise any voting rights with respect to the Shares and to give consents, waivers and ratifications in respect thereof, provided that no vote shall be cast or consent, waiver or ratification given or action taken
which would constitute a violation of any of the terms of this Agreement. All such rights to vote and give consents, waivers and ratifications shall terminate upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and Agents, at the
direction of the Required Lenders, written notice to Borrower of Agents intent to exercise its rights and remedies under this Agreement, including this Section 2.10(b).

2 

(c) Borrower is and shall remain absolutely and unconditionally liable for the
performance of its Obligations, including, without limitation, any deficiency by reason of the failure of the Collateral to satisfy all amounts due to each Lender under any of the Loan Documents. 

(d) All Collateral pledged by Borrower under this Agreement and any Supplement shall secure the timely payment and performance of all
Obligations when due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement (in which case the Lien on the Collateral so transferred shall be automatically deemed released), no Collateral pledged under this
Agreement or any Supplement shall be released until such time as all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied and paid in full. 

ARTICLE 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Borrower represents and warrants that, except as set forth in the Supplement or the Schedule of Exceptions hereto, if any, as of the Closing
Date and each Borrowing Date: 

3.1Due Organization. Borrower is a corporation duly organized and validly existing in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its business is conducted or its properties are located, except where the failure
to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.2Authorization, Validity and
Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of all Loan Documents executed by Borrower are within Borrowers powers, have been duly authorized, and are not in conflict with Borrowers certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or the terms of any charter or other organizational document of Borrower, as amended from time to time; and all such Loan Documents constitute valid and binding obligations of Borrower, enforceable in
accordance with their terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general, and subject to general principles of equity). 

3.3Compliance with Applicable Laws. Borrower has complied with all licensing, permit and fictitious name requirements necessary
to lawfully conduct the business in which it is engaged, and to any

sales, leases or the furnishing of services by Borrower, including without limitation those requiring consumer or other disclosures, the noncompliance with each of which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.4No Conflict. The execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower of all
Loan Documents are not in conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order or directive, or any indenture, agreement, or undertaking to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower may be bound or affected, in each case, except as would not
reasonable be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the issuance of the Warrant does not violate any agreement or instrument by which Borrower is bound or require the consent of any holders
of Borrowers securities other than consents which have been obtained prior to the Closing Date, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect. 

3.5No Litigation, Claims or Proceedings. There is no litigation, tax claim, proceeding or dispute pending, or, to the knowledge
of Borrower, threatened against or affecting Borrower, its property or the conduct of its business which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.6Correctness of Financial Statements. Except as otherwise disclosed to Agent in writing prior to the Closing Date,
Borrowers consolidated financial statements (other than any projections which are subject to uncertainties and contingencies) which have been delivered to Agent fairly and accurately, in all material respects, reflect Borrowers financial
condition in accordance with GAAP as of the latest date of such financial statements, subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnote
disclosures; and, since the date of the most recent financial statements delivered to Agent, there has been no Material Adverse Change. 

3.7No Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, except as otherwise disclosed by Borrower to Agent pursuant to that certain
Perfection Certificate, dated as of the date hereof, issued by Borrower in favor of Agent, Borrower is not a majority owner of or in a control relationship with any other business entity. 

3.8Environmental Matters. To its knowledge after reasonable inquiry, Borrower has concluded that Borrower is in compliance with
Environmental Laws, except to the extent a failure to be in such compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3 

3.9No Event of Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing. 

3.10Full Disclosure. None of the representations or warranties made by Borrower in the Loan Documents as of
the date such representations and warranties are made or deemed made, and none of the written statements (other than projections or forecasts and information of a general economic or industry nature) contained in any exhibit, report, statement or
certificate furnished by or on behalf of Borrower in connection with the Loan Documents (as modified or supplemented by other written information so furnished) (including disclosure materials delivered by or on behalf of Borrower to Lenders prior to
the Closing Date or pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof), taken as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made (it being recognized by Agent and Lender that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that
actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results), not misleading as of the time when made or delivered. 

3.11 Specific Representations Regarding Collateral. 

(a)Title. Except for the security interests created by this Agreement and Permitted Liens, (i) Borrower is and will be the
unconditional legal and beneficial owner of the Collateral, and (ii) the Collateral is genuine and subject to no Liens. There exist no prior assignments or encumbrances of record with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or U.S. Copyright
Office affecting any Collateral in favor of any third party, other than Permitted Liens. 

(b)Rights to Payment. The names
of the obligors, amount owing to Borrower, due dates and all other information with respect to the Rights to Payment are and will be correctly stated in all material respects in all Records relating to the Rights to Payment. Borrower further
represents and warrants, to its knowledge, that each Person appearing to be obligated on a Right to Payment has authority and capacity to contract and is bound as it appears to be.

(c)Location of Collateral. As of the Closing Date, Borrowers chief
executive office, Inventory, Records, Equipment, and any other offices or places of business are located at the address(es) shown on the Supplement. 

(d)Business Names. Other than its full corporate name, Borrower has not conducted business using any trade names or fictitious
business names except as shown on the Supplement. 

3.12Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks and Licenses. 

(a) To Borrowers knowledge, Borrower owns or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use all of the patents, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, copyrights, contractual franchises, authorizations and other similar rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of its business, without conflict with the rights of any other Person, except (i) licenses
permitted herein and (ii) over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public. 

(b) To Borrowers knowledge, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material
now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by Borrower infringes upon any rights held by any other Person, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to Borrowers knowledge, threatened in writing, and, to
Borrowers knowledge, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code is pending or proposed which, in either case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.13Regulatory Compliance. Borrower has met the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to any employee benefit
plans subject to ERISA. No event has occurred resulting from Borrowers failure to comply with ERISA that is reasonably likely to result in Borrowers incurring any liability that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Borrower is not required to be registered as an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Borrower is not engaged
principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T and U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System).
Borrower has complied in all material respects with all the provisions of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act. 

4 

3.14Shares. Borrower has full power and authority to create a first priority Lien
on the Shares and no disability or contractual obligation exists that would prohibit Borrower from pledging the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. To Borrowers knowledge, there are no subscriptions, warrants, rights of first refusal or other
restrictions on transfer relative to, or options exercisable with respect to the Shares. The Shares have been and will be duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable. To
Borrowers knowledge, the Shares are not the subject of any present or threatened (in writing) suit, action, arbitration, administrative or other proceeding, and Borrower knows of no reasonable grounds for the institution of any such
proceedings. 

3.15Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. Borrower has not taken any action that would cause a violation of
any anti-corruption law, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti-corruption laws. Borrower, its employees, agents and representatives have not, directly or
indirectly, offered, paid, given, promised or authorized the payment of any money, gift or anything of value to any person acting in an official capacity for any government department, agency or instrumentality, including state-owned or controlled
companies or entities, and public international organizations, as well as a political party or official thereof or candidate for political office. None of Borrowers principals or staff are officers, employees or representatives of governments,
government agencies, or government-owned or controlled enterprises. 

3.16Survival. The representations and warranties of
Borrower as set forth in this Agreement survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 4 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

4.1Conditions to First Loan. The obligation of each Lender to make its first Loan hereunder is, in addition to the conditions
precedent specified in Section 4.2 and in any Supplement, subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions and to the receipt by Lenders of the documents described below, duly executed and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
each Lender:

(a)Resolutions. A certified copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of
Borrower authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents. 

(b)Incumbency and
Signatures. A certificate of the secretary (or other officer performing the functions of secretary) of Borrower certifying the names of the officer or officers of Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents, together with a sample of the true
signature of each such officer. 

(c)Legal Opinion. The opinion of legal counsel for Borrower as to such matters as Agent
may reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(d)Charter Documents. Copies of the
organizational and charter documents of Borrower (e.g., Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws), as amended through the Closing Date, certified by an officer of Borrower as being true, correct and complete. 

(e)This Agreement. Counterparts of this Agreement and the initial Supplement, with all schedules completed and attached
thereto, and disclosing such information as is reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders. 

(f)Financing Statements.
Filing copies (or other evidence of filing reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its counsel) of such UCC financing statements with respect to the Collateral as Agent shall request. 

(g)Intellectual Property Security Agreement. An Intellectual Property Security Agreement executed by Borrower in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(h)Lien Searches. UCC lien, judgment, bankruptcy and tax lien searches of
Borrower from such jurisdictions or offices as Lender may reasonably request, all as of a date reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(i)Good Standing Certificate. A certificate of status or good standing of Borrower as of a date acceptable to Lender from the
jurisdiction of Borrowers organization and any foreign jurisdictions where Borrower is qualified to do business. 

(j)Warrant. A Warrant issued by Borrower to each Lender exercisable for such number, type and class of shares of Borrowers capital stock, and for an initial exercise price as is specified therein.

5 

(k)Insurance Certificates. Insurance certificates with respect to property
insurance showing Agent as loss payee and with respect to general liability insurance showing Agent as additional insured. 

(l)[Reserved]. 

(m)Other Documents. Such other documents and instruments as Agent or Lenders may reasonably request to
effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement. 

(n)Side Letter. The duly executed Side Letter. 

4.2Conditions to All Loans. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Loan and each subsequent Loan is subject to the
following further conditions precedent that: 

(a)No Event of Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or will result from the making of any such Loan, and the representations and warranties of Borrower contained in Article 3 of this Agreement and Part 3 of the Supplement are true and correct in all material respects as of the Borrowing
Date of such Loan (except to the extent such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case the same are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

(b)No Material Adverse Change. No event has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change. 

(c)Borrowing Request. Borrower shall have delivered to Agent a Borrowing Request for the Loans. 

(d)Note. Borrower shall have delivered an executed Note to each Lender evidencing the Loan made by such Lender, substantially
in the form attached to the Supplement as an exhibit. 

(e)Supplemental Lien Filings. Borrower shall have executed and
delivered such amendments or supplements to this Agreement and additional Security Documents, financing statements and third party waivers as Agent may reasonably request in connection with the proposed Loan, in order to create, protect or perfect
or to maintain the perfection of Agents Liens on the Collateral. 

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Financial Projections. Borrower shall have delivered to Agent Borrowers
business plan and/or financial projections or forecasts as most recently approved by Borrowers Board of Directors. 

4.3Conditions Subsequent. The obligations of each Lender under this Agreement are subject to the following conditions subsequent: 

(a)Account Control Agreements. Within three (3) days of the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent may agree in its
sole discretion), duly executed Account Control Agreements with respect to any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account of Borrower. 

(b)Agreements with Persons in Possession of Collateral. Within sixty (60) days of the Closing Date (as may be extended or
waived by Lender in its reasonable discretion), duly executed Waivers with respect to Collateral maintained at (i) 4850 Joule St., Ste, 8-A, Reno, NV 89502; and (ii) 6925 Guion Road, Indianapolis, IN 46268.

ARTICLE 5 - AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

During the term of this Agreement and until its performance of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), Borrower will:

5.1Notice to Lenders. Promptly give written notice to Agent of: 

(a) Any litigation or administrative or regulatory proceeding affecting Borrower where the amount claimed against Borrower is at the
Threshold Amount or more, or where the granting of the relief requested could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or of the acquisition by Borrower of any commercial tort claim with a value in excess of One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000), including brief details of such claim and such other information as Agent may reasonably request to enable Agent to better perfect its Lien in such commercial tort claim as Collateral. 

(b) Any material dispute which may exist between Borrower and any governmental or regulatory authority. 

(c) The occurrence of any Default or Event of Default. 

(d) Any change in the location of any of Borrowers places of business or location containing Collateral in excess of Two Hundred
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) at least ten (10) days in advance of such change, or of the establishment of any new, or the discontinuance of any existing, place of business.

6 

(e) Any dispute or default by Borrower or any other party under any joint venture,
partnering, distribution, cross-licensing, strategic alliance, collaborative research or manufacturing, license or similar agreement which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Any other matter which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(g) Any new Subsidiary Borrower intends to acquire or create. 

5.2Financial Statements. Deliver to Agent or cause to be delivered to Agent (it being understood that, with respect to such
financial statements as are filed by Borrower with the SEC, the form and detail thereof shall be deemed satisfactory), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to Agent the following financial and other information, which Borrower warrants shall
be accurate and complete in all material respects: 

(a)Monthly Financial Statements. As soon as available but no later than
thirty (30) days after the end of each month, Borrowers unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such period, and Borrowers unaudited income statement and cash flow statement for such period and for that portion of Borrowers
financial reporting year ending with such period, attested by a responsible financial officer of Borrower as being complete and correct in all material respects and fairly presenting in all material respects Borrowers financial condition as of
such date and the results of Borrowers operations as of the date(s) and for the period(s) covered thereby. 

(b)Year-End Financial Statements. As soon as available but no later than ninety (90) days after the end of each financial reporting year of Borrower, a copy of Borrowers audit report, which shall include
balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for such year, prepared in accordance with GAAP and certified by an independent certified public accountant selected by Borrower and reasonably satisfactory
to Lender (the Accountant). The Accountants certification shall not be not be qualified (other than a going concern qualification or limitation or other qualifications or limitaitons with respect to
Borrowers cash level) or limited due to a restricted or limited examination by

the Accountant of any material portion of Borrowers records. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Borrowers Board of Directors does not require Borrowers financial statements to be
audited for a particular reporting year, then Borrower shall deliver to Lender unaudited financial statements for such fiscal year, including the items described in, and in the timeframe specified in, this Section 5.2(b) (other than the
Accountants certification). 

(c)Compliance Certificates. Simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial
statements referred to in Sections 5.2(a) and (b) above, a certificate of the chief financial officer of Borrower (or other executive officer) substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Supplement (a
Compliance Certificate) stating, among other things, whether any Default or Event of Default exists on the date of such certificate, and if so, setting forth the details thereof and the action which Borrower
is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(d)Government Required Reports. Promptly after Borrowers
sending, issuing, making available, or filing, copies of all reports, proxy statements, and financial statements that Borrower sends or makes available generally to its stockholders, and, not later than five (5) Business Days after actual
filing or the date such filing was first due, all registration statements and reports that Borrower files or is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other governmental or regulatory authority having similar authority;
provided that Borrowers obligations pursuant to this Section 5.2(d) shall be subject to applicable laws, regulations and agreements by which Borrower is bound including, without limitation, securities laws and nondisclosure agreements.

(e)Other Information. Such other statements, lists of property and accounts, budgets (as updated), sales projections,
forecasts, reports, operating plans, financial exhibits, capitalization tables (as updated) and information relating to equity and debt financings consummated after the Closing Date (including post-closing capitalization table(s)), or other
information, in each case as any Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 

(f)Board Packages. In addition to the
information described in Section 5.2(e), Borrower will promptly provide Agent with copies of all notices, minutes, consents and other materials, financial or otherwise, which Borrower provides to its Board of Directors (collectively,
Board Packages); provided, however, that Borrower need not provide Lender with copies of routine Board actions, such as option and

7 

stock grants under Borrowers equity incentive plan in the normal course of business; and provided, further, however, that such Board Packages may be redacted to the
extent that (i) Borrowers Board of Directors determines such redaction is reasonably necessary to preserve the attorney-client privilege, to protect highly confidential proprietary information, (ii) such redacted material relates to
any Lender (or Borrowers strategy regarding the Loans or any Lender), or (iii) disclosure of such redacted material is prohibited by applicable law or binding agreement. 

5.3 [Reserved]. 

5.4Existence. Maintain and preserve Borrowers existence, present form of business, and all rights and privileges
necessary in the normal course of its business; and keep all Borrowers property in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 

5.5Insurance. Obtain and keep in force insurance in such amounts and types as is usual in the type of business conducted by
Borrower, with insurance carriers having a policyholder rating of not less than A and financial category rating of Class VII in Bests Insurance Guide, unless otherwise approved by the Required Lenders. Such
insurance policies must be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, and shall list Agent as an additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, on endorsement(s) in form reasonably acceptable to Agent. Borrower shall
furnish to Agent such endorsements, and upon Agents or any Lenders request, copies of any or all such policies. 

5.6Accounting Records. Maintain adequate books, accounts and records, and prepare all financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and in compliance with the regulations of any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over
Borrower or Borrowers business; and permit employees or agents of Agent at such reasonable times as Agent may reasonably request, at Borrowers expense (not to exceed Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500) in any 12-month period unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to inspect Borrowers properties, and to examine, review and audit, and make copies and memoranda of Borrowers books, accounts
and records; provided that, unless an Event of Default exists, such inspections shall not occur more than once per calendar year. 

5.7Compliance with Laws. Comply with all laws (including Environmental Laws), rules, regulations applicable to, and all orders
and directives

of any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over, Borrower or Borrowers business, and with all material agreements to which Borrower is a party, except, in each case,
where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.8Taxes and Other
Liabilities. Pay all Borrowers Indebtedness when due (subject to any applicable grace or notice periods); pay all taxes and other governmental or regulatory assessments (individually or in the aggregate in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000)) before delinquency or before any penalty attaches thereto, except, in each case, as may be contested in good faith by the appropriate procedures and for which Borrower shall maintain appropriate reserves; and timely file all required tax
returns (subject to any applicable extensions). 

5.9 Special Collateral Covenants. 

(a)Maintenance of Collateral; Inspection. Do all things reasonably necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep all
Collateral in good working order and salable condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, deal with the Collateral in all commercially reasonable ways as are considered good practice by owners of like property, and use the Collateral lawfully and, to
the extent applicable, only as permitted by Borrowers insurance policies. Maintain, or cause to be maintained, complete and accurate Records, in all material respects, relating to the Collateral. Upon reasonable prior written notice at
reasonable times during normal business hours, Borrower hereby authorizes Agents officers, employees, representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral and to discuss the Collateral and the Records relating thereto with Borrowers
officers and employees, and, in the case of any Right to Payment, after consultation with Borrower, with any Person which is or may be obligated thereon; provided that, unless an Event of Default exists, such inspections shall not occur more than
once per calendar year. 

(b)Documents of Title. Not sign or authorize the signing of any financing statement or other
document naming Borrower as debtor or obligor, or acquiesce or cooperate in the issuance of any bill of lading, warehouse receipt or other document or instrument of title with respect to any Collateral, except those negotiated to Agent, or those
naming Agent as secured party, or if solely to create, perfect or maintain a Permitted Lien. 

8 

(c)Change in Location or Name. Without at least 10 days prior written
notice to Agent: (a) not relocate any Collateral in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars $250,000 (other than any immaterial Collateral moved in the ordinary course of business) or Records, its chief executive office, or establish a
place of business at a location other than as specified in the Supplement; and (b) not change its name, mailing address, location of Collateral (other than any immaterial Collateral moved in the ordinary course of business), jurisdiction of
incorporation or its legal structure. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e)Agreement with Persons in Possession of Collateral. Use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain
such acknowledgments, consents, waivers and agreements (each a Waiver) from the owner, operator, lienholder, mortgagee, landlord or any Person in possession of tangible Collateral in excess of Two Hundred
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) per location as Agent may require, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. In addition, Agent shall have the right to require Borrower to use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide Agent
with a Waiver for any Collateral that is located in a jurisdiction that provides for statutory landlords Liens and for any location at which the Person in possession of such Collateral has a Lien thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 5.9(e), Borrower, Agent and Lenders acknowledge and agree that all material Intellectual Property and Records that are maintained on items of Collateral for which Borrower is unable to provide a Waiver also shall be
maintained or backed up in a manner sufficient that Agent shall be able to have access to such Intellectual Property and Records in accordance with the exercise of Agents rights hereunder. 

(f)Certain Agreements on Rights to Payment. Other than in the ordinary course of business, not make any material discount,
credit, rebate or other reduction in the original amount owing on a Right to Payment or accept in satisfaction of a Right to Payment less than the original amount thereof. 

5.10Authorization for Automated Clearinghouse Funds Transfer. (i) Authorize each Lender to initiate debit entries to
Borrowers Primary Operating Account, specified in the Supplement hereto, through Automated Clearinghouse (ACH) transfers, in order to satisfy the regularly scheduled payments of principal and interest;
(ii) provide each Lender at least thirty (30) days notice of any change in Borrowers

Primary Operating Account; and (iii) grant each Lender any additional authorizations necessary to begin ACH debits from a new account which becomes the Primary Operating Account. 

5.11Anti-Corruption Laws. Provide true, accurate and complete information, in all material respects, in all product orders,
reimbursement requests and other communications relating to Borrower and its products. 

ARTICLE 6 - NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

During the term of this Agreement and until the performance of all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), except as set
forth in the Schedule of Exceptions hereto, Borrower will not: 

6.1Indebtedness. Be indebted for borrowed money, the
deferred purchase price of property, or leases which would be capitalized in accordance with GAAP; or become liable as a surety, guarantor, accommodation party or otherwise for or upon the obligation of any other Person, except for Permitted
Indebtedness. 

6.2Liens. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien, or grant any other Person a negative pledge, on
any of Borrowers property, except Permitted Liens and any negative pledge in respect of any asset subject to a Lien permitted by clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens. Borrower, Agent and each Lender agree that this covenant is
not intended to constitute a lien, deed of trust, equitable mortgage, or security interest of any kind on any of Borrowers real property, and this Agreement shall not be recorded or recordable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, violation
of this covenant by Borrower shall constitute an Event of Default. 

6.3Dividends. Pay any dividends or purchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire or make any other distribution with respect to any of Borrowers capital stock, except (a) dividends or other distributions solely of capital stock of Borrower, (b) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, repurchases of stock (including by forgiveness of indebtedness of such persons) from directors, officers, former or current employees or contractors upon termination of employment or services under reverse vesting or similar repurchase
plans not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in any calendar year, (c) the conversion of Borrowers convertible securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities or otherwise in
exchange thereof, and make payments of cash in lieu of fractional 

9 

shares upon such conversion so long as such cash payments do not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) in any fiscal year of Borrower, (d) distribute equity securities to former or current
employees, officers, consultants or directors pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options approved by the Borrowers Board of Directors, (e) the purchase, redemption or other acquisition of shares of Borrowers capital stock
with the proceeds received from a substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its capital stock, and (f)(i) make cashless repurchases of equity interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants of such equity interests to
represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants and (ii) acquire (or withhold) their equity interests pursuant to any employee stock option or similar plan in satisfaction of withholding or similar taxes payable by any
present or former officer, employee, director or member of management and make deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options. 

6.4Fundamental Changes. (a) Liquidate or dissolve; (b) enter into, or permit any of Borrowers Subsidiaries to
enter into, any Change of Control; or (c) acquire, or permit any of Borrowers Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 6.4, Borrower may enter into a transaction that will constitute a Change of Control so long as: (i) the Person that results from such Change of Control (the Surviving Entity) shall have
executed and delivered to Agent an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, containing an assumption by the Surviving Entity of the due and punctual payment and performance of all Obligations and performance and observance
of each covenant and condition of Borrower in the Loan Documents; (ii) all such obligations of the Surviving Entity to Lenders shall be guaranteed by any Person that directly or indirectly owns or controls 50% or more of the voting stock of the
Surviving Entity; (iii) immediately after giving effect to such Change of Control, no Event of Default or, event which with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both, would result in an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; and (iv) the credit risk to Lenders, in each Lenders sole discretion, with respect to the Obligations and the Collateral shall not be increased. In determining whether the proposed Change of Control would result in an
increased credit risk, Lenders may consider, among other things, changes in Borrowers management team, employee base, access to equity markets, venture capital support, financial position and/or disposition of intellectual property rights
which may reasonably be anticipated as a result of the Change

of Control. In addition, (i) a Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another Subsidiary, (ii) Borrower may consolidate or merge with any of Borrowers Subsidiaries provided that
Borrower is the continuing or surviving Person and (iii) upon prior written notice to Agent, Borrower may dissolve a Subsidiary where substantially all of such Subsidiarys assets are transferred to Borrower or, with the prior written
consent of Agent, another Subsidiary. 

6.5Sales of Assets. Sell, transfer, lease, license or otherwise dispose of (a
Transfer) any of Borrowers assets except (i) Permitted Licenses; (ii) Transfers of worn-out, obsolete or surplus property (each as determined by Borrower
in its reasonable judgment); (iii) Transfers of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (iv) Transfers constituting Permitted Liens; (v) Transfers permitted in Section 6.3, 6.4, 6.6 or 6.7 hereunder; (vi) Transfers of
assets (other than Intellectual Property) for fair consideration and in the ordinary course of its business, (vii) Transfers of cash or cash equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited hereunder, (viii) Transfers constituting sales or
discounts, in each case, without recourse, of accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business, (ix) Transfers that result from an involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, (x) Transfers that result from the lapse
of registered patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property that are no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business of Borrower, and (xi) other Transfers not exceeding Two Hundred
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in any fiscal year. 

6.6Loans/Investments. Make or suffer to exist any loans, guaranties,
advances, or investments (Investments), except for Permitted Investments. 

6.7Transactions with Related Persons. Directly or indirectly enter into any transaction with or for the benefit of a Related Person on terms more favorable to the Related Person than would have been obtainable in an arms length
dealing, except (a) sales of equity securities by Borrower and incurrence of Subordinated Debt for capital raising purposes, (b) Permitted Investments, (c) Transfers permitted under Section 6.5, (d) Subordinated Debt,
(e) sales of equity securities to investors in bona fide equity financings so long as a Change of Control does not occur, (f) reasonable and customary compensation arrangements and benefit plans for officers and other employees of Borrower
entered into or maintained in the ordinary course of business, and approved by Borrowers Board of Directors, and (g) reasonable and customary fees paid to members of Borrowers Board of Directors in the ordinary course of business
and approved by Borrowers Board of Directors. 

10 

6.8Other Business. Engage in any material line of business other than the
business Borrower conducts as of the Closing Date and any business substantially similar or related or incidental thereto. 

6.9Financing Statements and Other Actions. Fail to execute and deliver to Agent all financing statements, notices and other documents (including, without limitation, any filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United
States Copyright Office) from time to time reasonably requested by Agent to maintain a perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral in favor of Agent, subject only to Permitted Liens; perform such other acts, and execute and deliver
to Agent such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements and instruments, as Agent may at any time reasonably request in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement or Agents rights, powers and remedies hereunder.

6.10Compliance. Become required to be registered as an investment company or controlled by an investment
company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of its important activities, the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock, or
use the proceeds of any Loan for such purpose. Fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, to occur, fail to comply in all material respects with the Federal Fair
Labor Standards Act or violate any law or regulation, which violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the Collateral or the priority of Agents Lien on the Collateral, or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing. 

6.11Other Deposit and Securities Accounts. Maintain any Deposit Accounts
or accounts holding securities owned by Borrower except (i) Deposit Accounts and investment/securities accounts as set forth in the Supplement, and (ii) other Deposit Accounts and securities/investment accounts, in each case, with respect
to which Borrower and Agent shall have taken such action as Agent reasonably deems necessary to obtain a perfected first priority security interest therein, subject to Permitted Liens. The provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to
(i) Deposit Accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit

payments to or for the benefit of Borrowers employees and identified to Agent as such, (ii) any account used exclusively to maintain cash collateral subject to a Permitted Lien, (iii) zero-balance accounts and (iv) any Deposit Account (clause (i) through (iv), collectively, Excluded Accounts). 

6.12Prepayment of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem or otherwise satisfy in any manner prior to the scheduled repayment thereof any
Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1 hereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent and each Lender agrees that the conversion or exchange into Borrowers equity securities of any
Indebtedness (other than the Loans) and de minimis cash payments made in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares (so long as such cash payments do not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) in any fiscal year of Borrower) upon such conversion or
exchange shall not be prohibited by this Section 6.12. 

6.13Repayment of Subordinated Debt. Repay, prepay, redeem or
otherwise satisfy in any manner any Subordinated Debt, except in accordance with the terms of any subordination agreement among Borrower, Agent and the holder(s) of such Subordinated Debt. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender agrees that the
conversion or exchange into Borrowers equity securities of any Subordinated Debt and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares shall not be prohibited by this Section 6.13. 

6.14Subsidiaries. 

(a) Acquire or create any Subsidiary, unless such Subsidiary becomes, at Agents option, either a
co-borrower hereunder or executes and delivers to Agent one or more agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, containing a guaranty of the Obligations that is secured by first
priority Liens on such Persons assets, subject to Permitted Liens. For clarity, the parties acknowledge and agree that Agent and Required Lenders shall have the exclusive right to determine whether any such Person will be made a co-borrower hereunder or a guarantor of the Obligations. Prior to the acquisition or creation of any such Subsidiary, Borrower shall notify Agent thereof in writing, which notice shall contain the jurisdiction of
such Persons formation and include a description of such Persons fully diluted capitalization and Borrowers purpose for its acquisition or creation of such Subsidiary. 

(b) Sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of Borrowers ownership interest in any Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens.

11 

(c) Cause or permit a Subsidiary to do any of the following: (i) grant Liens on such
Subsidiarys assets, except for Liens that would constitute Permitted Liens if incurred by Borrower and Liens on any property held or acquired by such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business securing Indebtedness incurred or assumed
for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring such property; provided, that such Lien attaches solely to the property acquired with such Indebtedness and that the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed
one hundred percent (100%) of the cost of such property; and (ii) issue any additional Shares, except to Borrower or a wholly owned Subsidiary of Borrower. 

6.15Leases. Create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist any obligation as lessee for the rental or hire of any personal property
(Personal Property Leases), except for Personal Property Leases of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that do not in the aggregate require Borrower to make payments (including taxes, insurance, maintenance and similar
expenses which Borrower is required to pay under the terms of any such lease) in any calendar year in excess of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in aggregate amount. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.15 will not be
applicable to Indebtedness otherwise permitted under Section 6.1(f) of this Agreement. 

6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a) Take any action that would cause a violation of any anti-corruption law, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and all other applicable anti-corruption laws. 

(b) Directly or indirectly, offer,
pay, give, promise or authorize the payment of any money, gift, or anything of value to any person acting in an official capacity for any government department, agency, or instrumentality, including state-owned or controlled companies or entities,
and public international organizations, as well as a political party or official thereof or candidates for political office, except in compliance with applicable law. 

ARTICLE 7 - EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

7.1Events of Default; Acceleration. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the obligation of
each Lender to make any additional Loan shall be suspended. The occurrence and continuation of any of the following (each, an Event of Default) shall at the option of Agent, at the

direction of the Required Lenders (1) make all sums of Basic Interest and principal, as well as any other Obligations and amounts owing under any Loan Documents, immediately due and payable
without notice of default, presentment or demand for payment, protest or notice of nonpayment or dishonor or any other notices or demands, and (2) give Agent the right to exercise any other right or remedy provided by contract or applicable
law: 

(a) Borrower shall fail to pay any principal or interest under this Agreement or any Note, or fail to pay any fees or other
charges when due under any Loan Document (other than any Warrant), and such failure continues for three (3) Business Days or more after the same first becomes due. 

(b) Any representation or warranty made, or financial statement, certificate or other document provided, by Borrower under any Loan
Document shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made herein. 

(c) If there occurs
any circumstance or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) (i) Borrower shall fail
to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (ii) Borrower shall commence any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself, an involuntary Insolvency Proceeding shall be filed against Borrower, or a custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee
for the benefit of creditors, or other similar official, shall be appointed to take possession, custody or control of the properties of Borrower, and such involuntary Insolvency Proceeding, petition or appointment is acquiesced to by Borrower or is
not dismissed or stayed within forty five (45) days; or (iii) the dissolution, winding up, or termination of the business or cessation of operations of Borrower (including any transaction or series of related transactions deemed to be a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Borrowers charter documents); or (iv) Borrower shall take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting, approving, or consenting to any of the
foregoing. 

(e) Borrower shall be in default beyond any applicable period of grace or cure under any other agreement involving the
borrowing of money, the purchase of property, the advance of credit or any other monetary liability of any kind to any Lender or to any Person in an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, unless such Lender or Person delivers a written waiver of
such default to Agent. 

12 

(f) Any governmental or regulatory authority shall take any judicial or administrative
action, or any defined benefit pension plan maintained by Borrower shall have any unfunded liabilities, any of which, in the reasonable judgment of Agent and each Lender, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.4, any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or a substantial or
material part of the assets of Borrower, including without limitation to any trust or similar entity, shall occur. 

(h) Any
judgment(s) singly or in the aggregate in excess of the Threshold Amount (not covered by independent third-party insurance for which the insurer has approved coverage) shall be entered against Borrower which remain unsatisfied, unvacated or unstayed
pending appeal for thirty (30) or more days after entry thereof. 

(i) Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any covenant
contained in Article 6 of this Agreement. 

(j) Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any covenant contained in Article 5 or
elsewhere in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than a covenant which is dealt with specifically elsewhere in this Article 7) and, if capable of being cured, the breach of such covenant is not cured within twenty (20) days after
the sooner to occur of Borrowers receipt of notice of such breach from Agent or the date on which such breach first becomes known to any officer of Borrower (the Notice Date); provided, however that if such
breach is not capable of being cured within such 20-day period and Borrower timely notifies Agent and each Lender of such fact and Borrower diligently pursues such cure, then the cure period shall be extended
to the date requested in Borrowers notice but in no event more than ten (10) days from the Notice Date. 

7.2Remedies
upon Event of Default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, shall be entitled to exercise any or all of the rights and remedies available to a secured party under
the UCC or any other applicable law, and exercise any or all of its rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement and in any other Loan Document. The obligations of Borrower under this Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated,
as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Agent or any Lender upon, on account of, or in connection with, the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of

Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 

7.3Sale of Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, may sell all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sales, to itself, a wholesaler,
retailer or investor, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices as Agent or the Required Lenders may deem commercially reasonable. To the extent permitted by law, Borrower hereby specifically waives all rights of
redemption and any rights of stay or appraisal which it has or may have under any applicable law in effect from time to time. Any such public or private sales shall be held at such times and at such place(s) as Agent, at the direction of the
Required Lenders, may determine. In case of the sale of all or any part of the Collateral on credit or for future delivery, the Collateral so sold may be retained by Agent until the selling price is paid by the purchaser, but neither Agent nor any
Lender shall incur any liability in case of the failure of such purchaser to pay for the Collateral and, in case of any such failure, such Collateral may be resold. Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders, instead of exercising its power
of sale, proceed to enforce its security interest in the Collateral by seeking a judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default is in existence, 

(1) Subject to the rights of any third parties, Agent may license, or sublicense, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an
exclusive or non-exclusive basis, any Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks included in the Collateral throughout the world for such term or terms, on such conditions and in such manner as the Required Lenders
shall in their sole discretion determine; 

(2) Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, may (without assuming any obligations or
liability thereunder), at any time and from time to time, enforce (and shall have the exclusive right to enforce) against any licensee or sublicensee all rights and remedies of Borrower in, to and under any Copyright Licenses, Patent Licenses or
Trademark Licenses and take or refrain from taking any action under any thereof, and Borrower hereby releases Agent and each Lender from, and agrees to hold Agent and each Lender free and harmless from and against any claims arising out of, any
lawful action so taken or omitted to be taken with respect thereto other than claims arising out of Agents or any Lenders gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct; and

13 

(3) Upon request by Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, Borrower will execute and
deliver to Agent a power of attorney, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent for the implementation of any lease, assignment, license, sublicense, grant of option, sale or other disposition of a Copyright, Patent or Trademark. In the
event of any such disposition pursuant to this clause 3, Borrower shall supply its know-how and expertise relating to the products or services made or rendered in connection with Patents, the
manufacture and sale of the products bearing Trademarks, and its customer lists and other records relating to such Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks and to the distribution of said products, to Agent. 

(4) If, at any time when Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, shall determine to exercise the right to sell the whole or any part
of the Shares hereunder, such Shares or the part thereof to be sold shall not, for any reason whatsoever, be effectively registered under the Securities Act (or any similar statute), then Agent may, in its discretion (subject only to applicable
requirements of law), sell such Shares or part thereof by private sale in such manner and under such circumstances as Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable, but subject to the other requirements of this
Article 7, and shall not be required to effect such registration or to cause the same to be effected. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in any such event, Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders in their discretion
(i) in accordance with applicable securities laws proceed to make such private sale notwithstanding that a registration statement for the purpose of registering such Shares or part thereof could be or shall have been filed under the Securities
Act (or similar statute), (ii) approach and negotiate with a single possible purchaser to effect such sale, and (iii) restrict such sale to a purchaser who is an accredited investor under the Securities Act and who will represent and agree that
such purchaser is purchasing for its own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or sale of such Shares or any part thereof. In addition to a private sale as provided above in this Article 7, if any of the Shares shall
not be freely distributable to the public without registration under the Securities Act (or similar statute) at the time of any proposed sale pursuant to this Article 7, then Agent shall not be required to effect such registration or cause
the same to be effected but, in its discretion (subject only to applicable requirements of law), may require that any sale hereunder (including a sale at auction) be conducted subject to restrictions:

(A) as to the financial sophistication and ability of any Person permitted to bid or purchase at
any such sale; 

(B) as to the content of legends to be placed upon any certificates representing the Shares sold in such sale, including
restrictions on future transfer thereof; 

(C) as to the representations required to be made by each Person bidding or purchasing at such
sale relating to such Persons access to financial information about Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and such Persons intentions as to the holding of the Shares so sold for investment for its own account and not with a view to the
distribution thereof; and 

(D) as to such other matters as Agent may, in its discretion, deem necessary or appropriate in order that such
sale (notwithstanding any failure so to register) may be effected in compliance with the Bankruptcy Code and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and the Securities Act and all applicable state securities laws. 

(5) Borrower recognizes that Agent may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all the Shares and may be compelled to resort to one or
more private sales thereof in accordance with clause (4) above. Borrower also acknowledges that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable to the seller than if such sale were a public sale and,
notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall not be deemed to have been made in a commercially unreasonable manner solely by virtue of such sale being private. Agent shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any
of the Shares for the period of time necessary to permit the applicable Subsidiary to register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act, or under applicable state securities laws, even if Borrower and/or the Subsidiary would agree to
do so. 

7.4Borrowers Obligations upon Default. Upon the request of Agent, at the direction of Lenders, after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower will: 

(a) Assemble and make available to Agent the
Collateral at such place(s) as Agent shall reasonably designate, segregating all Collateral so that each item is capable of identification; and

14 

(b) Subject to the rights of any lessor, permit Agent, by Agents officers,
employees, agents and representatives, to enter any premises where any Collateral is located, to take possession of the Collateral, to complete the processing, manufacture or repair of any Collateral, and to remove the Collateral, or to conduct any
public or private sale of the Collateral, all without any liability of Agent or any Lender for rent or other compensation for the use of Borrowers premises. 

ARTICLE 8 - SPECIAL COLLATERAL PROVISIONS 

8.1Compromise and Collection. Borrower and Agent recognize that setoffs, counterclaims, defenses and other claims may be
asserted by obligors with respect to certain of the Rights to Payment; that certain of the Rights to Payment may be or become uncollectible in whole or in part; and that the expense and probability of success of litigating a disputed Right to
Payment may exceed the amount that reasonably may be expected to be recovered with respect to such Right to Payment. Borrower hereby authorizes Agent, after and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to compromise with the obligor, accept in
full payment of any Right to Payment such amount as Agent shall negotiate with the obligor, or abandon any Right to Payment. Any such action by Agent shall be considered commercially reasonable so long as the Required Lenders have made the
determination in good faith based on information known to them at the time Agent takes any such action. 

8.2Performance of
Borrowers Obligations. Without having any obligation to do so, upon reasonable prior notice to Borrower, Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders, perform or pay any obligation which Borrower has agreed to perform or pay under
this Agreement (but has failed to timely perform or pay), including, without limitation, the payment or discharge of taxes or Liens levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral. In so performing or paying, Agent and the Required Lenders
shall determine the action to be taken and the amount necessary to discharge such obligations. Borrower shall reimburse Agent on demand for any amounts paid by Agent and each Lender pursuant to this Section, which amounts shall constitute
Obligations secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest from the date of demand at the Default Rate. 

8.3Power of
Attorney. For the purpose of protecting and preserving the Collateral and Agents rights under this Agreement, Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Agent, with full power of

substitution, as its attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, after the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, to do any act which Borrower is obligated to do hereunder; to exercise such rights with respect to the Collateral as Borrower might exercise; to use such Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures or other property as
Borrower might use; to enter Borrowers premises; to give notice of Agents security interest in, and to collect the Collateral; and before or after Default, to execute and file in Borrowers name any financing statements, amendments
and continuation statements, Account Control Agreements or other Security Documents necessary or desirable to create, maintain, perfect or continue the perfection of Agents security interests in the Collateral. Borrower hereby ratifies all
that Agent shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this appointment. 

8.4Authorization for Agent to Take Certain
Action. The power of attorney created in Section 8.3 is a power coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable. The powers conferred on Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty
upon Agent to exercise such powers. Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers and in no event shall Agent or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives
be responsible to Borrower for any act or failure to act, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may exercise this power of attorney without notice to or
assent of Borrower, in the name of Borrower, or in Agents own name, from time to time in Agents sole discretion and at Borrowers expense. To further carry out the terms of this Agreement, after the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may, at the direction of the Required Lenders: 

(a) Execute any statements or documents
or take possession of, and endorse and collect and receive delivery or payment of, any checks, drafts, notes, acceptances or other instruments and documents constituting Collateral, or constituting the payment of amounts due and to become due or any
performance to be rendered with respect to the Collateral. 

(b) Sign and endorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills of
lading, storage or warehouse receipts; drafts, certificates and statements under any commercial or standby letter of credit relating to Collateral; assignments, verifications and notices in connection with Accounts; or any other documents relating
to the Collateral, including without limitation the Records. 

15 

(c) Use or operate Collateral or any other property of Borrower for the purpose of
preserving or liquidating Collateral. 

(d) File any claim or take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or equity or
as otherwise deemed appropriate by Agent for the purpose of collecting any and all monies due or securing any performance to be rendered with respect to the Collateral. 

(e) Commence, prosecute or defend any suits, actions or proceedings or as otherwise deemed appropriate by Agent for the purpose of
protecting or collecting the Collateral. In furtherance of this right, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply for the appointment of a receiver or similar official to operate Borrowers business.

(f) Prepare, adjust, execute, deliver and receive payment under insurance claims, and collect and receive payment of and endorse
any instrument in payment of loss or returned premiums or any other insurance refund or return, and apply such amounts at Agents sole discretion, toward repayment of the Obligations or replacement of the Collateral. 

8.5Application of Proceeds. Any Proceeds and other monies or property received by Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
or any Loan Document may be applied as follows: 

(a) First, to Agent, the aggregate amount of all reasonable and documented costs,
expenses, indemnities and other amounts required to be reimbursed to Agent, in its capacity as such, until paid in full; 

(b)
Second, to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders (in accordance with the portion funded by each Lender), the aggregate amount of all Obligations arising on account of payments made by Agent in accordance with
Section 8.2, until repaid in full; 

(c) Third, to Lenders, ratably in accordance with principal amount of
the Loans held by each Lender, an amount equal to the aggregate costs, expenses, indemnities or other amounts then required to be reimbursed to Lenders, until paid in full; 

(d) Fourth, to Lenders, ratably in accordance with aggregate amount of any fees, premiums or similar payments due to each Lender in
respect of the Loans held by such Lender, an amount equal to the aggregate

fees, premiums or other similar such payments due to such Lender in respect of the Loans, until paid in full; 

(e) Fifth, to Lenders, ratably in accordance with accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Loans and the other Obligations due to
each Lender, an amount equal to the aggregate accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations then due, until paid in full; 

(f) Sixth, to Lenders, ratably in accordance outstanding principal due to each Lender in respect of the Loans, an amount equal to the
aggregate principal outstanding in respect of the Loans then due, until paid in full; 

(g) Seventh, to Agent and each Lender,
ratably in accordance with any other Obligations due to such Lender, an amount equal to all other Obligations due and payable to Agent and each Lender, until paid in full; and 

(h) Last, the balance, if any, to Borrower or as otherwise required by applicable law. 

8.6Deficiency. If the Proceeds of any disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such
sale and the payment in full of all the Obligations, plus all other sums required to be expended or distributed by Agent to Lenders, then Borrower shall be liable for any such deficiency. 

8.7Agent Transfer. Upon the transfer of all or any part of the Obligations, Agent may transfer all or part of the Collateral
and shall be fully discharged thereafter from all liability and responsibility with respect to such Collateral so transferred, and the transferee shall be vested with all the rights and powers of Agent hereunder with respect to such Collateral so
transferred, but with respect to any Collateral not so transferred, Agent shall retain all rights and powers hereby given. 

8.8
Agents Duties. 

(a) Agent shall use reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any Collateral in its possession.
Without limitation on other conduct which may be considered the exercise of reasonable care, Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of such Collateral if such Collateral is accorded treatment
substantially equal to that which Agent accords its own property, it being understood that Agent shall not have any responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities,

16 

declining value, tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, regardless of whether Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters; or taking any necessary steps to preserve any
rights against any Person with respect to any Collateral. Under no circumstances shall Agent be responsible for any injury or loss to the Collateral, or any part thereof, arising from any cause beyond the reasonable control of Agent. 

(b) Agent may at any time deliver the Collateral or any part thereof to Borrower and the receipt of Borrower shall be a complete and
full acquittance for the Collateral so delivered, and Agent shall thereafter be discharged from any liability or responsibility therefor. 

(c) Neither Agent, nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or any other person affiliated with or representing
Agent shall be liable for any claims, demands, losses or damages, of any kind whatsoever, made, claimed, incurred or suffered by Borrower or any other party through the ordinary negligence of Agent, or any of its directors, officers, employees,
agents, attorneys or any other person affiliated with or representing Agent. 

8.9Termination of Security Interests and Loan
Documents. Upon the payment in full of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) and satisfaction of all Borrowers obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than the Warrant), and if Lenders
have no further obligations to make Loans in connection with their Commitment, the security interest granted hereby shall terminate, all rights to the Collateral shall revert to Borrower and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall
terminate; provided that (i) those obligations, liabilities, covenants and terms that are expressly specified herein and in any other Loan Document as surviving that respective agreements termination, including without limitation,
Borrowers indemnity obligations set forth in this Agreement, shall continue to survive notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, and (ii) nothing set forth herein shall affect or be deemed to affect those obligations,
liabilities, covenants and terms set forth in any warrant instrument issued to a Lenders parent company or set forth in any other equity securities or convertible debt securities of Borrower acquired by any Lender in connection with this
Agreement. Upon any such termination, Agent shall (i) return all Collateral in its possession or control to Borrower and, at Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to Borrower such documents as Borrower shall reasonably request to
evidence such termination and (ii) authorized Borrower to file any uniform commercial code or other terminations to document the

release reflected in this Section 8.9. In connection therewith, Borrower agrees to provide each Lender with such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender as to whether the
securities issuable upon the exercise of any Warrant issued in connection with this Agreement constitute qualified small business stock for purposes of Section 1202(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and Section 18152.5 of the
California Revenue and Taxation Code; provided, however, that such information shall be delivered by Borrower to Lender for informational purposes only and Lender shall rely upon such information at its own risk. 

ARTICLE 9 - GENERAL PROVISIONS 

9.1Notices. Any notice given by any party under any Loan Document shall be in writing and personally delivered, sent by
overnight courier, or United States mail, postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail, or other authenticated message, charges prepaid, to the other partys or parties addresses shown on the Supplement. Each party may change the address
or email address to which notices, requests and other communications are to be sent by giving written notice of such change to each other party. Notice given by hand delivery shall be deemed received on the date delivered; if sent by overnight
courier, on the next Business Day after delivery to the courier service; if by first class mail, on the third Business Day after deposit in the U.S. Mail; and if by electronic mail, on the date of transmission. 

9.2Binding Effect. The Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, Lenders, Agent and their
respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that Borrower may not assign or transfer Borrowers rights or obligations under any Loan Document. Each Lender reserves the right, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, to sell,
assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, such Lenders rights and obligations under the Loan Documents provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Lender
shall not assign any of such rights or obligations to any (i) competitor of Borrower or (ii) vulture or distressed debt fund. Without limiting the foregoing, any Lender may sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all
or any part of, or any interest in, such Lenders rights and obligations under the Loan Documents to any Affiliate of such Lender. In connection with any of the foregoing, Lenders and Agent may disclose all documents and information which
Lenders and Agent now or hereafter may have relating to the Loans, Borrower, or its business, provided that any Person who

17 

receives such information shall have agreed in writing in advance to maintain the confidentiality of such information on terms no less favorable to Borrower than are set forth in
Section 9.13 hereof. 

9.3No Waiver. Any waiver, consent or approval by Agent of any Event of Default or breach of any
provision, condition, or covenant of any Loan Document must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in writing and signed by Agent. No waiver of any breach or default shall be deemed a waiver of any later breach or default
of the same or any other provision of any Loan Document. No failure or delay on the part of Agent or any Lender in exercising any power, right, or privilege under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise
of any such power, right, or privilege shall preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or privilege. Agent and the Required Lenders have the right, at their sole option, to continue to accept interest and/or
principal payments due under the Loan Documents after default, and such acceptance shall not constitute a waiver of said default or an extension of the maturity of any Loan unless the Required Lenders agree otherwise in writing. 

9.4Rights Cumulative. All rights and remedies existing under the Loan Documents are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any
other rights or remedies available under contract or applicable law. 

9.5Unenforceable Provisions. Any provision of any
Loan Document executed by Borrower which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall be so only as to such jurisdiction and only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, but all the remaining provisions of any such Loan
Document shall remain valid and enforceable. 

9.6Accounting Terms. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
accounting terms and financial covenants and information shall be determined and prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

9.7Indemnification; Exculpation. Borrower shall pay and protect, defend and indemnify each Lender, Agent and each Lenders and Agents employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, correspondents, agents and representatives
(other than Lender, collectively Representatives) against, and hold each Lender, Agent and each of their Representatives harmless from, all claims, actions, proceedings, liabilities, damages, losses, expenses (including,
without limitation, attorneys fees and costs) and other amounts incurred by each Lender,

Agent and each of their Representatives, arising from (i) the matters contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (ii) any dispute between Borrower and a third party, or
(iii) any contention that Borrower has failed to comply with any law, rule, regulation, order or directive applicable to Borrowers business; provided, however, that this indemnification shall not apply to any of the foregoing to the
extent incurred as the result of any Lenders, Agents or any of their Representatives gross negligence or willful misconduct. This indemnification shall survive the payment and satisfaction of all of Borrowers Obligations to
Lenders. Each Lender hereby acknowledges that it is a United States Person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code) and that it will, upon request from Borrower, provide Borrower with a properly completed and executed
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9.

9.8Reimbursement. Borrower shall reimburse each
Lender and Agent for all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, including without limitation reasonable and documented attorneys fees and disbursements expended or incurred by each Lender and Agent in any arbitration, mediation,
judicial reference, legal action or otherwise in connection with (a) the preparation and negotiation of the Loan Documents, (b) the amendment and enforcement of the Loan Documents, including without limitation during any workout, attempted
workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to each Lenders and Agents rights, remedies and obligations under the Loan Documents, (c) collecting any sum which becomes due to each Lender under any Loan
Document, (d) any proceeding for declaratory relief, any counterclaim to any proceeding, or any appeal, or (e) the protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights of Lenders or Agent under the Loan Documents. For the purposes of this
section, attorneys fees shall include, without limitation, reasonable and documented fees incurred in connection with the following: (1) contempt proceedings; (2) discovery; (3) any motion, proceeding or other activity of any kind in
connection with an Insolvency Proceeding; (4) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (5) post-judgment motions and proceedings of any kind, including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any
judgment. All of the foregoing costs and expenses shall be payable upon demand by any Lender or Agent, and if not paid within forty-five (45) days of presentation of invoices shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

18 

9.9Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents may be executed by
electronic signatures. Borrower, Agent and Lenders expressly agree to conduct the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by electronic means (including, without limitation, with respect to the execution, delivery,
storage and transfer of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents by electronic means and to the enforceability of electronic Loan Documents). Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents by
facsimile or other electronic mail transmission (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof and
thereof, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import herein shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be
of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, any
state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

9.10Entire Agreement. No amendment, modification, termination
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no approval or consent thereunder, or any consent to any departure by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in
writing and signed by Borrower, Agent and the Required Lenders provided that: 

(a) no such amendment, waiver or other modification
that would have the effect of increasing or reducing a Lenders Commitment shall be effective as to such Lender without such Lenders written consent; 

(b) no such amendment, waiver or modification that would affect the rights and duties of Agent shall be effective without Agents
written consent; 

(c) no such amendment, waiver or other modification shall, unless signed by all the Lenders directly affected
thereby, (A) reduce the principal of, rate of interest on or any fees with respect to any Loan or forgive any principal, interest (other than default interest) or fees (other than late charges) with respect to any Loan (B) postpone the
date fixed for, or waive, any payment of principal of any Loan or of interest on any

Loan (other than default interest) or any fees provided for hereunder (other than late charges or for any termination of any commitment); (C) change the definition of the term Required
Lenders or the percentage of Lenders which shall be required for the Lenders to take any action hereunder; (D) release all or substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral, authorize Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of
all or substantially all or any material portion of the Collateral or release any Guarantor of all or any portion of the Obligations or its guaranty obligations with respect thereto, except, in each case with respect to this clause (D), as otherwise
may be expressly permitted under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including in connection with any disposition permitted hereunder); (E) amend, waive or otherwise modify this Section 9.10 or the definitions of the terms used in this
Section 9.10 insofar as the definitions affect the substance of this Section 9.10; (F) consent to the assignment, delegation or other transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Loan Document or release Borrower of
its payment obligations under any Loan Document, except, in each case with respect to this clause (F), pursuant to a merger or consolidation permitted pursuant to this Agreement; (G) amend any of the provisions that provide for Lenders to
receive their pro rata portion of any fees, payments, setoffs or proceeds of Collateral hereunder; or (H) subordinate the Liens granted in favor of Agent securing the Obligations. 

(d) The Loan Documents are intended by the parties as the final expression of their agreement and therefore contain the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede all prior understandings or agreements concerning the subject matter hereof. 

9.11Governing Law and Jurisdiction. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 

(b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND
IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE 

19 

NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING
OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH
LENDER EACH WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY CALIFORNIA LAW. 

9.12Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH WAIVES ITS
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER
LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY PARTICIPANT OR ASSIGNEE, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. BORROWER, AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER
PROCEEDING WHICH SEEMS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

9.13Confidentiality. Agent and each Lender agrees to hold in
confidence all confidential information that it receives from Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents, except for disclosure as shall be reasonably required: (a) to legal counsel and

accountants for Agent and each Lender; (b) to other professional advisors to Agent and each Lender; (c) to regulatory officials having jurisdiction over Lender to the extent required by
law; (d) to Agents and each Lenders investors and prospective investors (subject to the same confidentiality obligation set forth herein), and in Agents and each Lenders SEC filings as required by law; (e) as
required by law or legal process or in connection with any legal proceeding to which Agent, any Lender and Borrower are adverse parties; (f) in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition of any or all of Agents and any
Lenders rights hereunder to any assignee or participant (subject to the same confidentiality obligation set forth herein); (g) to Agents and each Lenders subsidiaries or Affiliates in connection with their business with Borrower
(subject to the same confidentiality obligation set forth herein); (h) as required by valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or governmental body, or by any applicable law, rule, regulation, subpoena, or any other
administrative or legal process, or by applicable regulatory or professional standards, including in connection with any judicial or other proceeding involving Agent or any Lender relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;
and (i) as required in connection with Agents and any Lenders examination or audit; provided however, that any third party to which disclosure is made pursuant to subsection (b), (d), (f), (g) and (i) of this Section 9.13
shall have entered into confidentiality agreements or otherwise agreed to hold in confidence all confidential information on substantially the same terms as set forth in this Section 9.13. For purposes of this section, Agent, each Lender and
Borrower agree that confidential information shall mean any information regarding or relating to Borrower other than: (i) information which is or becomes generally available to the public other than as result of a disclosure by
Agent or any Lender in violation of this section, (ii) information which becomes available to Agent or any Lender from any other source (other than Borrower) which neither Agent nor the relevant Lender knows is bound by a confidentiality
agreement with respect to the information made available, and (iii) information that Agent or such Lender knows on a non-confidential basis prior to Borrower disclosing it to Agent or such Lender. In
addition, Borrower agrees that Agent and each Lender may, upon prior written notice to Borrower, use Borrowers name, logo and/or trademark in connection with certain promotional materials that Agent and any Lender may disseminate to the
public, including, but are not limited to, brochures, internet website, press releases and any other materials relating to the fact that Agent and each Lender has a financing relationship with Borrower.

20 

ARTICLE 10 - AGENCY. 

10.1Appointment. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. to act on its behalf as the administrative agent
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. 

10.2Indemnity. Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not
reimbursed by Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so), according to its respective Commitment percentage in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 10.2, from and against any and all
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or arising
out of, this Agreement, a Supplement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Agent under or in
connection with any of the foregoing; The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of each Loan and all other amounts payable hereunder. Agent shall not be liable to any Lender for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the
consent or at the request of any Lender or as Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

10.3Duties. Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or
observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any
other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent.

10.4Reliance by Agent. Agent may rely, and shall be fully protected in acting, or refraining to act, upon, any resolution, statement,
certificate, instrument,

opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond or other paper or document that it has no reason to believe to be other than genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
party or parties or, in the case of e-mail, to have been sent by the proper party or parties. In the absence of its gross negligence or willful misconduct, Agent may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to Agent and conforming to the requirements of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Agent may consult with counsel, and
any opinion or legal advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, not taken or suffered by Agent hereunder or under any Loan Documents in accordance therewith. Agent shall have the
right at any time to seek instructions concerning the administration of the Collateral from any court of competent jurisdiction. Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers granted to Agent by this Agreement, the
Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents at the request or direction of Lenders unless Agent shall have been provided by Lenders with adequate security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by it in
compliance with such request or direction. 

10.5Collateral Agent. The Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the
Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by Borrowers to secure any of
the Obligations. Each Lender hereby authorizes Agent, on behalf of and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, in its capacity as collateral agent, to enter into any of the Loan Documents as secured party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing
all Liens on Collateral (and any other collateral from time to time securing the Obligations), and as Agent for and representative of Lender thereunder, and each Lender agrees to be bound by the terms of each such document. All powers, rights and
remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, for the benefit of Lenders and Agent in accordance with the terms thereof. In the event of a foreclosure on any of the Collateral pursuant
to a public or private sale, either Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and Agent, as agent for and representative of Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual
capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (subject to the proviso at the end of this sentence), for the purpose of bidding and making

21 

settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase
price for any Collateral payable by Agent at such sale; provided however, that neither Agent nor any Lender shall credit bid at any foreclosure and/or other public or private sale absent the consent of the Required Lenders. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent is hereby expressly authorized to execute any and all documents (including releases) that bind Lenders with respect to (i) the Collateral and the rights of Lenders with respect thereto, as
contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, and (ii) any other subordination agreement with respect to any Subordinated Debt. 

10.6Successor Agents. Agent may resign upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lenders and Borrowers. If Agent shall resign in its
capacity under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent in its capacity, and the term
Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Agents rights, powers and duties as Agent in its capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part
of such former Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any Lender. If no applicable successor agent has accepted appointment as such Agent in its capacity by the date that is twenty (20) days following such retiring Agents notice
of resignation, such retiring Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of such Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a
successor agent as provided for above. After any retiring Agents resignation as Agent, the provisions of this Section 10 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE 11 - DEFINITIONS 

The definitions appearing in this Agreement or any Supplement shall be applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the defined terms:

Account means any account, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by
Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, all accounts receivable, book debts and other forms of obligations (other than

forms of obligations evidenced by Chattel Paper, Documents or Instruments) now owned or hereafter received or acquired by or belonging or owing to Borrower (including, without limitation, under
any trade name, style or division thereof) whether arising out of goods sold or services rendered by Borrower or from any other transaction, whether or not the same involves the sale of goods or services by Borrower (including, without limitation,
any such obligation that may be characterized as an account or contract right under the UCC) and all of Borrowers rights in, to and under all purchase orders or receipts now owned or hereafter acquired by it for goods or services, and all of
Borrowers rights to any goods represented by any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, unpaid sellers rights of rescission, replevin, reclamation and stoppage in transit and rights to returned, reclaimed or repossessed goods),
and all monies due or to become due to Borrower under all purchase orders and contracts for the sale of goods or the performance of services or both by Borrower or in connection with any other transaction (whether or not yet earned by performance on
the part of Borrower), now in existence or hereafter occurring, including, without limitation, the right to receive the proceeds of said purchase orders and contracts, and all collateral security and guarantees of any kind given by any Person with
respect to any of the foregoing. 

Account Control Agreement means any control agreement entered into among the
depository institution at which a Borrower or any Subsidiary maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which a Borrower or any Subsidiary maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, pursuant
to which Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, obtains control (within the meaning of the UCC) over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account. 

Affiliate means any Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
Borrower. Control, controlled by and under common control with mean direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise); provided, that control shall be conclusively presumed when any Person or affiliated group directly or indirectly owns fifteen percent (15%) or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the
election of directors of a corporation. 

Agreement means this Loan and Security Agreement and each Supplement
thereto, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 

22 

Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11
U.S.C. 101, etseq.), as amended. 

Basic Interest means the rate of interest payable on the
outstanding balance of each Loan at the applicable Designated Rate. 

Borrowing Date means the Business Day on
which the proceeds of a Loan are disbursed by any Lender. 

Borrowing Request means a written request from Borrower
in substantially the form of Exhibit B to the Supplement, requesting the funding of one or more Loans on a particular Borrowing Date. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or
San Francisco are authorized or required by law to close. 

Change of Control means: (a) any sale, license, or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower except as permitted by this Agreement; (b) other than as permitted under Section 6.4 hereof, any reorganization, consolidation, merger or other transaction involving
Borrower where Borrower is not the surviving entity; or (c) any transaction or series of related transactions in which any Person or group of two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, the power to
control the management of Borrower, or to control the equity interests of Borrower entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities
that such Person or Persons have the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of such securities (other than in connection with a public offering or a sale to recognized venture capital
investors in a transaction or series of transactions effected by Borrower for financing purposes, so long as Borrower identifies to Agent the venture capital investors prior to the closing of the transaction and provides Agent with a description of
the material terms of such transaction). 

Chattel Paper means any chattel paper, as such term is
defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. 

Collateral means all of Borrowers right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now

owned or hereafter acquired and wherever located: (a) all Receivables; (b) all Equipment; (c) all Fixtures; (d) all General Intangibles; (e) all Inventory; (f) all
Investment Property; (g) all Deposit Accounts; (h) all Shares; (i) all other Goods and personal property of Borrower, whether tangible or intangible and whether now or hereafter owned or existing, leased, consigned by or to, or
acquired by, Borrower and wherever located; (j) all Records; and (k) all Proceeds of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of each of the foregoing. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing the term Collateral shall not include: (i) more than sixty-five percent (65%) of the issued and outstanding
capital stock, membership units or other securities entitled to vote owned or held of record by Borrower in any Foreign Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code), provided
that the Collateral shall include one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding non-voting capital stock of such Subsidiary; (ii) any rights held under a license that are not assignable by
their terms without the consent of the licensor thereof (but only to the extent such restriction on assignment is enforceable under applicable law); (iii) any interest of Borrower as a lessee or sublessee under a real property lease or an equipment
lease if Borrower is prohibited by the terms of such lease from granting a security interest in such lease or under which such an assignment or Lien would cause a default to occur under such lease (but only to the extent that such prohibition is
enforceable under all applicable laws including, without limitation, the Internal Revenue Code); provided, however, that upon termination of such prohibition, such interest shall immediately become Collateral without any action by Borrower or
Lender; (iv) intent-to-use trademarks at all times prior to the first use thereof, whether by the actual use thereof in commerce, the recording of a
statement of use with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or otherwise, but only to the extent the granting of a security interest in such intent to use trademarks would be contrary to applicable law; (v) any Excluded
Accounts or (vi) any contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper in which Borrower has any right, title or interest if and to the extent such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper includes a provision containing a restriction on assignment such that
the creation of a security interest in the right, title or interest of Borrower therein would be prohibited and would, in and of itself, cause or result in a default thereunder enabling another person party to such contract, Instrument or Chattel
Paper to enforce any remedy with respect thereto; provided, however, that the foregoing exclusion shall not apply if (A) such

23 

prohibition has been waived or such other person has otherwise consented to the creation hereunder of a security interest in such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper, or (B) such
prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-407(a) or 9-408(a) of the UCC, as applicable and as then in effect in any relevant jurisdiction, or any
other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy Code or principles of equity); provided, further, that immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such provision, the term Collateral shall include, and
Borrower shall be deemed to have granted a security interest in, all its rights, title and interests in and to such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper as if such provision had never been in effect; and provided further that the foregoing
exclusion shall in no way be construed so as to limit, impair or otherwise affect Agents unconditional continuing security interest in and to all rights, title and interests of Borrower in or to any payment obligations or other rights to
receive monies due or to become due under any such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper and in any such monies and other proceeds of such contract, Instrument or Chattel Paper. 

Commitment means the obligation of each Lender to make Loans to Borrower up to the aggregate principal amount set
forth in the Supplement. 

Copyright License means any written agreement granting any right to use any Copyright or
Copyright registration now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Copyrights means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or
hereafter acquires any interest: (i) all copyrights, whether registered or unregistered, held pursuant to the laws of the United States, any State thereof or of any other country; (ii) all registrations, applications and recordings in the
United States Copyright Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country; (iii) all continuations, renewals or extensions thereof; and (iv) any registrations to be issued under any
pending applications. 

Default means an event which with the giving of notice, passage of time, or both would
constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means the applicable Designated Rate plus five percent (5%) per
annum. 

Deposit Accounts means any deposit accounts, as such term is
defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Designated Rate means the rate of interest per annum described in the Supplement as being applicable to an outstanding
Loan from time to time. 

Documents means any documents, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned
or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Dollars or
$ means lawful currency of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary
that is organized under the laws of the United States, any of its states of the District of Columbia. 

Environmental
Laws means all federal, state or local laws, statutes, common law duties, rules, regulations, ordinances and codes, together with all administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and
agreements with, any governmental authorities, in each case relating to environmental, health, or safety matters. 

Equipment means any equipment, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by
Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and any and all additions, substitutions and replacements of any of the foregoing, wherever located, together with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and
accessories installed thereon or affixed thereto. 

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

Fixtures means any fixtures, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by
Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not
a Domestic Subsidiary. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles and practices consistent with those
principles and practices promulgated or adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, their respective predecessors and successors. Each accounting term used but not
otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the meaning given it by GAAP. 

24 

General Intangibles means any general intangibles, as such
term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, all right, title and interest that Borrower may now or
hereafter have in or under any contract, all customer lists, Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, websites, domain names, and all applications therefor and reissues, extensions, or renewals thereof, other items of, and rights to, Intellectual Property,
interests in partnerships, joint ventures and other business associations, Licenses, permits, trade secrets, proprietary or confidential information, inventions (whether or not patented or patentable), technical information, procedures, designs,
knowledge, know-how, software, data bases, data, skill, expertise, recipes, experience, processes, models, drawings, materials and records, goodwill (including, without limitation, the goodwill associated with
any Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark licensed under any Trademark License), claims in or under insurance policies, including unearned premiums, uncertificated securities, money, cash or cash equivalents, deposit, checking and other
bank accounts, rights to sue for past, present and future infringement of Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents, rights to receive tax refunds and other payments and rights of indemnification. 

Goods means any goods, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or
in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Indebtedness of any Person means at any date,
without duplication and without regard to whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent: (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other
similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee
under capital leases; (v) all obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance, or similar instrument, whether drawn or undrawn;
(vi) all obligations of such Person to purchase securities which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities; (vii) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, exchange, convert or
otherwise acquire for value any capital stock of such Person or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such

capital stock, now or hereafter outstanding, except to the extent that such obligations remain performable solely at the option of such Person; (viii) all obligations to repurchase assets
previously sold (including any obligation to repurchase any accounts or chattel paper under any factoring, receivables purchase, or similar arrangement); (ix) obligations of such Person under interest rate swap, cap, collar or similar hedging
arrangements, in each case when and if payable; and (x) all obligations of others of any type described in clause (i) through clause (ix) above guaranteed by such Person. 

Insolvency Proceeding means with respect to a Person (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other
governmental authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors with respect to such Person, or (b) any general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of such Persons creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, undertaken under U.S. Federal,
state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code, but in each case, excluding any avoidance or similar action against such Person commenced by an assignee for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy trustee, debtor in possession, or other
representative of another Person or such other Persons estate. 

Instruments means any
instrument, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Intellectual Property means all of Borrowers Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, Licenses, trade secrets, source
codes, customer lists, proprietary or confidential information, inventions (whether or not patented or patentable), technical information, procedures, designs, knowledge, know-how, software, data bases, skill,
expertise, experience, processes, models, drawings, materials, records and goodwill associated with the foregoing. 

Intellectual
Property Security Agreement means any Intellectual Property Security Agreement executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented, or restated from time to time. 

Inventorymeans any inventory, as such term is defined in the UCC, wherever located, now owned or
hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest, and, in any

25 

event, shall include, without limitation, all inventory, goods and other personal property that are held by or on behalf of Borrower for sale or lease or are furnished or are to be furnished
under a contract of service or that constitute raw materials, work in process or materials used or consumed or to be used or consumed in Borrowers business, or the processing, packaging, promotion, delivery or shipping of the same, and all
finished goods, whether or not the same is in transit or in the constructive, actual or exclusive possession of Borrower or is held by others for Borrowers account, including, without limitation, all goods covered by purchase orders and
contracts with suppliers and all goods billed and held by suppliers and all such property that may be in the possession or custody of any carriers, forwarding agents, truckers, warehousemen, vendors, selling agents or other Persons. 

Investment Property means any investment property, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or
hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Letter of Credit
Rights means any letter of credit rights, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest, including any right to
payment under any letter of credit. 

License means any Copyright License, Patent License, Trademark License or
other license of rights or interests now held or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest and any renewals or extensions thereof. 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, security interest,
encumbrance, levy, lien or charge of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise, against any property, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature of a security interest,
and the filing of any financing statement (other than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest) under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction. 

Loan means an extension of credit by each Lender under this Agreement. 

Loan Documents means, individually and collectively, this Loan and Security Agreement, each Supplement, each Note, the
Intellectual Property Security Agreement, and any other security or pledge agreement(s), any Warrant issued by Borrower in

connection with this Agreement, and all other contracts, instruments, addenda and documents executed in connection with this Agreement or the extensions of credit which are the subject of this
Agreement. 

Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change means (a) a material
adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower; (b) a material impairment of the ability of Borrower to perform under any Loan Document; or
(c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against Borrower of any Loan Document. 

Note means a promissory note substantially in the form attached to the Supplement as Exhibit A,
executed by Borrower evidencing each Loan. 

Obligations means all debts, obligations and liabilities of Borrower
to each Lender or Agent now or hereafter made, incurred or created under, pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Warrants, any obligations under Section 3 of Part 2 of the Supplement or any
other equity instrument), whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising or evidenced, whether direct or acquired by such Lender or Agent by assignment or succession, whether due or not due, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated,
determined or undetermined, and whether Borrower may be liable individually or jointly, or whether recovery upon such debt may be or become barred by any statute of limitations or otherwise unenforceable; and all renewals, extensions and
modifications thereof; and all attorneys fees and costs incurred by each Lender and Agent in connection with the collection and enforcement thereof as provided for in any such Loan Document (other than the Warrant, any obligations under
Section 3 of Part 2 of the Supplement or any other equity instrument). 

Patent License means any written
agreement granting any right with respect to any invention on which a Patent is in existence now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Patents means all of the following property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds
or hereafter acquires any interest: (a) all letters patent of, or rights corresponding thereto in, the United States or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent of, or rights
corresponding thereto in, the United States or any other country, including, without limitation, registrations, recordings and applications in the United

26 

States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country; (b) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof; (c) all petty patents, divisionals, and patents of addition; and (d) all patents to be issued under any such
applications. 

Permitted Indebtedness means: 

(a) Indebtedness incurred for the acquisition of supplies, inventory or other property or services on normal trade credit; 

(b) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to one or more transactions permitted under Section 6.4; 

(c) Indebtedness of Borrower or any guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

(d) Subordinated Debt; 

(e) any Indebtedness as shown on Schedule 6.1; 

(f) Indebtedness secured by a Lien described in clause (c) of the defined term Permitted Liens not to exceed Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time; 

(g) Indebtedness incurred under
corporate credit cards not to exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time; 

(h) guaranties and similar surety obligations in respect of Indebtedness otherwise constituting Permitted Indebtedness; 

(i) unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) letters of credit in the ordinary course of business in connection with the leasing of real property; 

(k) Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) unsecured Indebtedness owing to former employees, officers, or directors (or any spouses,
ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) incurred in connection with the repurchase by Borrower of stock, partnership, membership or other ownership interests that has been issued to such persons in an
aggregate

amount outstanding not to exceed One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000) at any one time; 

(m) unsecured Indebtedness consisting of financing of insurance premium in the ordinary course of business in an amount not exceed Nine
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($900,000); 

(n) Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under clauses (d) and (j) of the definition
of Permitted Liens hereunder; 

(o) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, Investments permitted pursuant to
subsection (f) of the definition of Permitted Investments; 

(p) other unsecured Indebtedness not otherwise permitted
hereunder, in an aggregate amount not to exceed Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000) at any time; and 

(q) extensions,
refinancings and renewals of any of the foregoing; provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased. 

Permitted
Investment means: 

(a) accounts receivable in the ordinary course of Borrowers business; 

(b) Investments in domestic certificates of deposit issued by, and other domestic investments with, financial institutions organized
under the laws of the United States or a state thereof, having at least One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000) in capital and a rating of at least investment grade or A by Moodys or any successor rating agency; 

(c) (i) Investments in marketable obligations of the United States of America and in open market commercial paper given the highest
credit rating by a national credit agency and maturing not more than one year from the creation thereof or (ii) Investment made in accordance with Borrowers investment policy delivered to Agent prior to Closing Date, as amended from time
to time; provided that any amendments are delivered to Agent; 

(d) temporary advances to cover incidental expenses to be incurred
in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) Investments in joint ventures, strategic alliances, licensing and similar arrangements
customary in Borrowers industry and which do not 

27 

require Borrower to assume or otherwise become liable for the obligations of any third party not directly related to or arising out of such arrangement or, without the prior written consent of
Agent and each Lender, require Borrower to transfer ownership of non-cash assets to such joint venture or other entity; provided that any cash investment by Borrower does not exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($250,000) in any twelve (12) months period; 

(f) Investments in (i) one or more wholly-owned domestic
Subsidiaries of Borrower, so long as in accordance with Section 6.14(a) of this Agreement, each such Person has been made a co-borrower hereunder or has executed and delivered to Agent an agreement, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, containing a guaranty of the Obligations, and (ii) one or more wholly-owned Foreign Subsidiaries with the prior written consent of Agent and Lenders; 

(g) Investments as shown on Schedule 6.6; 

(h) Investments accepted in connection with Transfers permitted by Section 6.5; 

(i) Investments in the form of loans and advances consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other
employee loans and advances in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) loans approved by Borrowers Board of Directors to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower pursuant to employee
stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrowers Board of Directors, limited to, together with clause (i) above, an aggregate total of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) at any time outstanding; 

(j) Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and
in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of Borrowers business; 

(k) Investments permitted under Section 6.11; 

(l) Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions to, customers and suppliers in the
ordinary course of business; 

(m) Investments by wholly owned Subsidiaries which are not
co-Borrowers hereunder in other wholly owned Subsidiaries or in Borrower;

(n) Investments consisting of endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or
collection or similar transaction in the ordinary course of Borrower; and 

(o) so long as no Event of Default has occurred or is
continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investment not exceeding Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in the aggregate in any fiscal year. 

Permitted Licenses are (A) licenses of
over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, (B) non-exclusive licenses for the use of
Intellectual Property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business and (C) licenses that could not result in a legal transfer of the licenses property but that may be exclusive as to territory only as
to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States. 

Permitted Lien means: 

(a) involuntary Liens which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect and which in any event would not exceed, in the
aggregate, the Threshold Amount; 

(b) Liens for current taxes or other governmental or regulatory assessments which are not
delinquent, or which are contested in good faith by the appropriate procedures and for which appropriate reserves are maintained; 

(c) security interests on any property held or acquired by Borrower in the ordinary course of business securing Indebtedness incurred
or assumed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring such property; provided, that such Lien attaches solely to the property acquired with such Indebtedness and that the principal amount of such Indebtedness does
not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the cost of such property; 

(d) Liens in favor of Agent or any Lender; 

(e) bankers liens, rights of setoff and similar Liens incurred on deposits made in the ordinary course of business as long as an
Account Control Agreement (or equivalent) for each account in which such deposits are held in a form acceptable to Agent has been executed and delivered to Agent to the extent required under Section 6.11;

28 

(f) materialmens, mechanics, repairmens, warehousemens,
carriers, landlords (subject to Section 5.9(e) hereof), employees or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and which are not delinquent for more than 45 days or are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings; 

(g) any judgment, attachment or similar Lien not constituting Event of Default; 

(h) Liens consisting of Permitted Licenses; 

(i) Liens securing Subordinated Debt; 

(j) Liens as shown on Schedule 6.2 hereto; 

(k) the interests of sub-lessees under subleases of real property; 

(l) Liens to secure payment of workers compensation, employment insurance, old-age
pensions, social security and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA); 

(m) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for Indebtedness), leases (other than capital lease
obligations), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature arising as a matter of law and incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) zoning restrictions, easements, rights of way, restrictions on use of real property and other similar encumbrances incurred in the
ordinary course of business which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries; 

(o) Liens arising from the filing of any precautionary financing statement on operating leases covering the leased
property, to the extent such operating leases are permitted under this Agreement; 

(p) Liens securing reimbursement obligations in
connection with letters of credit issued with respect to leases or subleases of real property in the ordinary course of business; and 

(q) Liens incurred in extensions, refinancings and renewals of any of the foregoing; provided that the principal amount thereof is not
increased. 

Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint
venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, other entity or government (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal, local, foreign, or otherwise,
including any instrumentality, division, agency, body or department thereof). 

Proceeds means
proceeds, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, (a) any and all Accounts, Chattel Paper, Instruments, cash or other forms of money or currency or other proceeds payable to Borrower
from time to time in respect of the Collateral, (b) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to Borrower from time to time with respect to any of the Collateral, (c) any and all payments (in any form
whatsoever) made or due and payable to Borrower from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or any part of the Collateral by any governmental authority (or any Person acting under
color of governmental authority), (d) any claim of Borrower against third parties (i) for past, present or future infringement of any Copyright, Patent or Patent License or (ii) for past, present or future infringement or dilution of any
Trademark or Trademark License or for injury to the goodwill associated with any Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark licensed under any Trademark License and (e) any and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in
connection with any of the Collateral. 

Receivables means all of Borrowers Accounts, Instruments, Documents,
Chattel Paper, Supporting Obligations, and letters of credit and Letter of Credit Rights. 

Records means all
Borrowers computer programs, software, hardware, source codes and data processing information, all written documents, books, invoices, ledger sheets, financial information and statements, and all other writings concerning Borrowers
business. 

Related Person means any Affiliate of Borrower, or any officer, employee, director or equity security
holder of Borrower or any Affiliate. 

Required Lenders means the Lenders holding at least sixty six percent (66%)
of the aggregate principal balance of the Loans. 

Rights to Payment means all Borrowers accounts,
instruments, contract rights, documents, chattel paper and all other rights to payment, including, without

29 

limitation, the Accounts, all negotiable certificates of deposit and all rights to payment under any Patent License, any Trademark License, or any commercial or standby letter of credit. 

SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental
Authority. 

Security Documents means this Loan and Security Agreement, the Supplement hereto, the Intellectual
Property Security Agreement, and any and all Account Control Agreements, collateral assignments, chattel mortgages, financing statements, amendments to any of the foregoing and other documents from time to time executed or filed to create, perfect
or maintain the perfection of Agents Liens on the Collateral. 

Shares means: (a) one hundred percent
(100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities owned or held of record by Borrower in any Subsidiary that is not a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code), and (b) 65% of the
issued and outstanding capital stock, membership units or other securities entitled to vote owned or held of record by Borrower in any Foreign Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation (as defined in the Internal
Revenue Code). 

Side Letter means that certain letter agreement by and among Borrower, Agent, and Lenders and
dated as of the Closing Date. 

Subordinated Debt means Indebtedness (i) approved by Required Lenders; and
(ii) where the holders right to payment of such Indebtedness, the priority of any Lien securing the same, and the rights of the holder thereof to enforce remedies against Borrower following default have been made subordinate to the Liens
of Agent and to the prior payment to each Lender of the Obligations, either (A) pursuant to a written subordination agreement approved by Required Lenders in their sole but reasonable discretion or (B) on terms otherwise approved by
Required Lenders in their sole but reasonable discretion.

Subsidiary means any Person a majority of the
equity ownership or voting stock of which is directly or indirectly now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or by one or more other Subsidiaries. 

Supplement means that certain supplement to the Loan and Security Agreement, as the same may be amended or restated
from time to time, and any other

supplements entered into between Borrower, Agent and each Lender, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time. 

Supporting Obligations means any supporting obligations, as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or
hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Termination
Date has the meaning specified in the Supplement. 

Threshold Amount has the meaning specified
in the Supplement. 

Trademark License means any written agreement granting any right to use any Trademark or
Trademark registration now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now holds or hereafter acquires any interest. 

Trademarks means all of the following property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower or in which Borrower now
holds or hereafter acquires any interest: (a) all trademarks, tradenames, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared
or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and any applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, registrations,
recordings and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof and (b) reissues, extensions or
renewals thereof. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be in effect in the
State of California; provided, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agents Lien on any Collateral is governed by the
Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of California, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the
provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms that are defined in the UCC and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the UCC. 

30 

Warrant has the meaning specified in the Supplement. 

[Signature page follows]

31 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER:

CALCIMEDICA, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rachel Leheny

Name: Rachel Leheny

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGENT:

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P.

By: Avenue Capital Management II GenPar, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: 

/s/ Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Member

LENDER:

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P.

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: 

/s/ Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement]

Schedules to 

Loan and Security Agreement 

dated
as of February 28, 2025 

among 

CALCIMEDICA, INC. 

and 

Avenue Capital Management II, L.P., as Agent 

and 

the Lenders from time to time
party thereto 

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d940326dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Certain information contained in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the type that the
registrant treats as private or confidential. Omitted portions are marked with [***] in this exhibit. 

SUPPLEMENT

to the 

Loan and
Security Agreement 

dated as of February 28, 2025 

among 

CALCIMEDICA, INC.
(Borrower) 

and 

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P., 

a Delaware limited partnership, 

as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity Agent) 

and 

AVENUE VENTURE
OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. II, 

a Delaware limited partnership (Avenue 2), as a lender (in such capacity, together
with each other lender 

from time to time party hereto, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders)

This is a Supplement identified in the document entitled Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented
and modified from time to time, the Loan and Security Agreement), by and among Borrower, Lenders and Agent. All capitalized terms used in this Supplement and not otherwise defined in this Supplement have the meanings
ascribed to them in Article 10 of the Loan and Security Agreement, which is incorporated in its entirety into this Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, this
Supplement is controlling. 

In addition to the provisions of the Loan and Security Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 

Part 1Additional Definitions: 

Amortization Period means the period commencing on the first day of the first full calendar month following the
Interest-only Period and continuing until the Maturity Date. 

Commitment means, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, Avenue 2s commitment to make Growth Capital Loans to Borrower up to an aggregate original principal amount of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) (Tranche 1) on the
Closing Date and up to Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($7,500,000) to be funded between September 1, 2025 and March 31, 2026, subject to the conditions in Section 1(a)(i) of Part 2 (Tranche 2). Upon the
mutual agreement of Lenders and Borrower, Lenders may make additional Growth Capital Loans to Borrower of up to an additional Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) (the Discretionary Tranche 3), to be funded between
October 1, 2025 and March 31, 2026, as Borrower and Lenders may mutually agree, subject to the conditions in Section 1(a)(ii) of Part 2 and approval from Lenders Investment Committees, in their sole discretion; provided that, as
of the Closing Date, Discretionary Tranche 3 shall not be considered, and is not, committed hereunder by any Lender and there shall be no fees associated with the Discretionary Tranche 3 until any Growth Capital Loans to made under such tranche are
committed by Lenders. 

Designated Rate means, for each Growth Capital Loan, a variable rate of interest
per annum equal to the greater of (A) the Prime Rate plus five percent (5.00%) and (B) twelve and three quarters percent (12.75%). Changes to the Designated Rate based on changes to the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the next
scheduled interest payment date immediately following such change. 

Discretionary Tranche 3 Availability Milestone means Borrower shall have
achieved clinical progression into the next phase of trials, based upon written evidence thereof provided to, and in form and content reasonably acceptable to, and reviewed and approved by Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Final Payment means a payment (in addition to and not a substitution for the regular monthly payments of principal plus
accrued interest) equal to three and three quarters percent (3.75%) of the aggregate principal amount of the Growth Capital Loans funded to Borrower. 

Growth Capital Loan means any Loan requested by Borrower and funded by a Lender under its Commitment for
general corporate purposes of Borrower. 

Interest-only Milestone means Borrower has (i) achieved the
Tranche 2 Availability Milestone and (ii) Borrower has requested, and Lenders have funded to Borrower, their full respective Commitments under Tranche 2. 

Interest-only Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and continuing until the eighteen (18) month
anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, however, that such period shall be extended for six (6) months if as of the last day of the Interest-only Period then in effect Borrower has achieved the Interest-only Milestone; provided, further,
that the Interest-only Period shall not exceed twenty four (24) months. 

Loan or Loans mean, as
the context may require, individually a Growth Capital Loan, and collectively, the Growth Capital Loans. 

Loan
Commencement Date means, with respect to each Growth Capital Loan: (a) the first day of the first full calendar month following the Borrowing Date of such Loan if such Borrowing Date is not the first day of a month; or
(b) the same day as the Borrowing Date if the Borrowing Date is the first day of a month. 

Maturity Date means
September 1, 2028.

Prepayment Fee means, with respect to
any prepayment of the Loans: 

(i) if the prepayment occurs during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on (and including)
the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid multiplied by three percent (3.00%); 

(ii) if the prepayment occurs during the period commencing on the day immediately following the
one-year anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on (and including) the two-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans
prepaid multiplied by two percent (2.00%); and 

(iii) if the prepayment occurs at any time after the date immediately following the two-year anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the principal amount of the Loans prepaid multiplied by one percent (1.00%). 

Prime Rate is the rate of interest per annum from time to time published in the money rates section of The Wall Street
Journal or any successor publication thereto as the prime rate then in effect; provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Supplement; and provided
further that if such rate of interest, as set forth from time to time in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by Agent, the Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per
annum announced by Wells Fargo Bank as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in the State of California (such announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by such institution in connection with
extensions of credit to debtors); provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Supplement. 

2 

Principal Trading Market for any Security, means the principal Trading
Market for such Security, as listed in the applicable offering documents for such Security. The Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Termination Date means the earlier of: (i) the date Lender may terminate making Growth Capital Loans or extending
other credit pursuant to the rights of Lender under Article 7 of the Loan and Security Agreement; and (ii) March 31, 2026. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is open for trading; provided, that, if
the Common Stock does not trade on any Trading Market, Trading Day shall mean Business Day. 

Tranche 2
Availability Milestone means Borrower shall have (i) achieved the primary endpoint in the Phase 2 KOURAGE clinical trial of Auxora and (ii) received at least [***] in aggregate net proceeds from the sale and issuance of its
equity securities after the Closing Date, all based upon written evidence thereof provided to, and in form and content reasonably acceptable to, and reviewed and approved by Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Threshold Amount means Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000). 

Warrant is defined in Part 2, Section 3(a) hereof. 

Part 2Additional Covenants and Conditions: 

1.(a) Additional Condition(s) Precedent Regarding Growth Capital Loan Commitments.In addition to the
satisfaction of all of the other applicable conditions precedent specified in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 of the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, each Lenders obligation to fund it its pro rata share of Tranche 2 and, if applicable
Discretionary Tranche 3, of Growth Capital Loans is subject to receipt by Agent of evidence that the following conditions precedent have been satisfied, as determined by Agent in its reasonable discretion: 

(i) Tranche 2. Borrower has achieved the Tranche 2 Availability Milestone. 

(ii) Discretionary Tranche 3. Borrower has achieved the Discretionary Tranche 3 Availability Milestone, each Lender
shall have received investment committee approval to fund its pro rata share of Discretionary Tranche 3. 

Subject to satisfaction of the
conditions precedent identified above and as specified in Sections 4.1 and Section 4.2 of the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, each Lender agrees to make Growth Capital Loans to Borrower under such Lenders Commitment
from time to time from and after the Closing Date up to and including the Termination Date in an aggregate, original principal amount up to, but not exceeding, then-unfunded portion of such Lenders Commitment. 

(b)Minimum Funding Amount; Maximum Number of Borrowing Requests; Restricted Account. Growth Capital Loans requested by Borrower
to be made on a single Business Day shall be for a minimum aggregate, original principal amount of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) and Borrower shall not submit a Borrowing Request more frequently than once per calendar month
without Agents prior consent; provided, however, that Tranche 1 shall be funded on the Closing Date in a minimum original principal amount of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00). 

(c)Repayment of Growth Capital Loans. Principal of, and interest on, each Growth Capital Loan shall be payable as follows:
principal shall be fully amortized over the Amortization Period in equal, monthly principal installments plus, in each case, unpaid interest thereon at the Designated Rate, commencing after the Interest-only Period of interest-only installments at
the Designated Rate. In particular, on the Borrowing Date applicable to such Growth Capital Loan, Borrower shall pay to Agent (i) if the Borrowing Date is earlier than the Loan Commencement Date, interest only at the Designated Rate, in
advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the Growth Capital Loan for the period from the Borrowing Date through the last day of the calendar month in which 

3 

such Borrowing Date occurs (it being understood that this clause (i) shall not apply in the case the Borrowing Date is on the same date as the Loan Commencement Date), and (ii) the
first (1st) interest-only installment at the Designated Rate, in advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the Note evidencing such Loan for the ensuing month. Commencing on the first day of the second full month after the Borrowing Date and
continuing on the first day of each month during the Interest-only Period thereafter, Borrower shall pay to Agent interest only at the Designated Rate, in advance, on the outstanding principal balance of the Loan evidenced by such Note for the
ensuing month. Commencing on the first day of the first full month after the end of the Interest-only Period, and continuing on the first day of each consecutive calendar month thereafter, Borrower shall pay to Agent equal consecutive monthly
principal installments in advance in an amount sufficient to fully amortize the Loan evidenced by such Note over the Amortization Period, plus interest at the Designated Rate for such month. On the Maturity Date, all principal and accrued but unpaid
interest then remaining unpaid and the Final Payment shall be due and payable. 

2.Prepayment. The Growth Capital Loans may
be prepaid as provided in this Section 2 only. Borrower may prepay all, but not less than all, outstanding Growth Capital Loans in whole, but not in part, at any time upon no less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice to
Agent, by tendering to each Lender a cash payment in respect of such Loans in an amount determined by such Lender equal to the sum of: (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Loans; (ii) the accrued and unpaid interest on
such Loans as of the date of prepayment; (iii) the Prepayment Fee; and (iv) the Final Payment; provided that, if a Lender has not yet exercised its rights under Section 3(d) hereof, Borrower shall provide Agent written notice of
prepayment at least ten (10) days in advance of the proposed prepayment date and each Lender shall have the option, with respect to the Conversion Option, to exercise its rights pursuant to Section 3(d) hereof by delivering written notice
to Borrower at least two (2) Business Days in advance of the proposed prepayment date. 

3. Issuance of Warrant and Right to
Invest; Conversion Right. 

(a)Warrant. As additional consideration for the making of its Commitment, each Lender has
earned and is entitled to receive immediately upon the execution of the Loan and Security Agreement and this Supplement, a warrant instrument issued by Borrower (the Warrant). 

(b)Warrant General. The Warrant shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Lender. 

(c)Right to Invest. Lenders shall, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, have the right, in their respective
discretion, but not the obligation, to invest an aggregate amount of up to One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in equity securities of Borrower on the same terms, conditions, and pricing offered by Borrower to any investor existing at such time, in
connection with any offering of Borrowers equity securities after the Closing Date; provided, however, (A) Borrower shall use best efforts to deliver written notice to Agent of any transaction involving Borrowers equity securities
at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the closing of such transaction; and (B) the terms shall exclude a board or observer seat on Borrowers Board of Directors, which may be offered to other investors at Borrowers
discretion, and any other terms that are not offered generally to all investors participating in such offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lenders right to invest as set forth in this clause (c) shall automatically terminate on
the Maturity Date (or such earlier date that the Commitments have terminated and the Obligations are repaid in full (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)). 

(d)Conversion Right. Lenders shall have the right, in their respective discretion, but not the obligation, at any time and from
time to time, while the Loan is outstanding, to convert (i) prior the funding of Tranche 2, an aggregate amount of up to One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) of the principal amount of the outstanding Growth Capital Loans and (ii) after the
funding of Tranche 2, an aggregate amount of up to Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) (which amount shall be inclusive of the One Million Dollar ($1,000,000) option available prior to the funding of Tranche 2) (the Conversion
Option) into Borrowers common stock (the Common Stock) at a price per share equal to one hundred twenty percent (120.00%) of the Exercise Price set forth (and as defined) in the Warrant (the price per share, the
Conversion Price; the exercise of such Conversion Option, a Conversion). The Conversion Option will be exercised by such Lender delivering a written, signed conversion notice to the Borrower in accordance with
this Section 3(d) which will include (i) the date of which the conversion notice is given, (ii) a statement to the effect that the Lender is exercising the Conversion Option, (iii) the amount in respect of which the Conversion
Option is being exercised and the number of shares issued and (iv) a date on which the allotment and issuance of the shares 

4 

is to take place (the Notice of Conversion). In the event Borrower elect to prepay the Loans in full, Lenders shall have ten (10) days to elect to exercise their
respective Conversion Option prior to such prepayment. Any Loans that have been converted pursuant to this Conversion Option shall be deemed to be paid in full upon issuance of the Common Stock set forth in the Conversion Option. Notwithstanding the
above, the Conversion Option shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date (or such earlier date that the Commitments have terminated and the Obligations are repaid in full (other than inchoate indemnity obligations)). 

4.Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to each Lender, in accordance with each Lenders respective Commitment, a commitment
fee (Commitment Fee) in the amount of one percent (1.00%) of the total Commitment of such Lender, due and payable on the Closing Date, of which Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) has been paid by Borrower to Avenue 2 as an advance
deposit prior to the date hereof. As an additional condition precedent under Section 4.1 of the Loan and Security Agreement, each Lender shall have completed to its reasonable satisfaction its due diligence review of Borrowers business
and financial condition, and such Lenders pro rata share of the Commitment shall have been approved. If this condition is not satisfied, the Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) advance deposit previously paid by Borrower shall be refunded. Except
as set forth in this Section 4, the Commitment Fee is not refundable. 

5.Documentation Fee Payment. On the
Closing Date, Borrower shall reimburse each Lender and Agent pursuant to Section 9.8(a) of the Loan and Security Agreement for (i) its reasonable and documented attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
preparation and negotiation of the Loan Documents and (ii) Agents reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and filing fees related to perfection of its
Liens in the Collateral in any jurisdiction in which the same is located, recording a copy of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, and
confirming the priority of such Liens. 

6. Account Information 

(a) Borrowers Primary Operating Account and Wire Transfer Instructions: [***] 

7.Debits to Account for ACH Transfers. For purposes of Sections 2.2 and 5.10 of the Loan and Security Agreement,the
Primary Operating Accountshall be the bank account set forth in Section 6 above, unless and until such account is changed in accordance with Section 5.10 of the Loan and Security Agreement. Borrower hereby agrees that the Growth
Capital Loans will be advanced to the account specified above and regularly scheduled payments of principal, interest and fees due to each Lender will be automatically debited by each Lender from the same account. Borrower hereby confirms that the
bank at which the Primary Operating Account is maintained uses that same ABA Number for incoming wires transfers to the Primary Operating Account and outgoing ACH transfers from the Primary Operating Account. 

8.Governing Law. This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of
California. 

Part 3Additional Representations: Borrower represents and warrants that as of the Closing Date and, subject to any
written updates of the information set forth below by Borrower to each Lender and Agent, each Borrowing Date: 

a) 

Its chief executive office is located at: [***] 

b) 

Its Equipment and Inventory are located at: [***] 

c) 

Its Records are located at: [***] 

d) 

In addition to its chief executive office, Borrower maintains offices or operates its business at the following
locations: [***] 

5 

e) 

Other than its full corporate name, Borrower has conducted business using the following trade names or
fictitious business names: [***] 

f) 

Its state corporation identification number is: [***] 

g) 

Its U.S. federal tax identification number is: [***] 

h) 

Other than Borrowers Primary Operating Account identified in Section 6(a) and the Restricted Account
identified in Section 6(b) above, Borrower maintains the following Deposit Accounts and investment accounts: [***] 

Part 4Additional Loan Documents: 

Form of Promissory Note Exhibit A

Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit B

Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit C

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Supplement as of the date first above
written. 

BORROWER:

CALCIMEDICA, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rachel Leheny

Name: Rachel Leheny

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Address for Notices: 505 Coast Boulevard South, Suite 307

La Jolla, CA 92037

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

Email:

AGENT:

AVENUE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II, L.P.

By: Avenue Capital Management II GenPar, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: 

/s/ Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Member

Address for Notices: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Email:

Phone #

[Signature page to Supplement to Loan and Security Agreement] 

LENDER: 

AVENUE VENTURE OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, L.P.

By: Avenue Venture Opportunities Partners II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: 

/s/ Sonia Gardner

Name: Sonia Gardner

Title: Authorized Signatory

Address for Notices: 11 West 42nd Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attn: Todd Greenbarg, Senior Managing Director

Email:

Phone #

[Signature page to Supplement to Loan and Security Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE 

[***] 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 

[***] 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF 

COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d940326dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

CalciMedica Secures Credit Facility for Up to $32.5 Million 

$10 million funded at close extends cash runway into mid-2026

LA JOLLA, Calif., Mar. 5, 2025 CalciMedica Inc. (CalciMedica or the Company) (Nasdaq: CALC), a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel calcium release-activated calcium (CRAC) channel inhibition therapies for acute and chronic inflammatory and immunologic illnesses, today announced that the Company has entered into a credit
facility with Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund II, L.P., a fund of Avenue Capital Group, providing up to $32.5 million. Proceeds from the facility are intended to support the continued development of the Companys product pipeline. 

The credit agreement, which has a term of 3.5 years, includes an initial tranche of $10 million fully funded at close and additional tranches of up to
$22.5 million available to the Company subject to certain milestones. There is no minimum cash requirement, nor other financial covenants, in the agreement. With the net proceeds from the first tranche of this facility, CalciMedicas cash
position is expected to fund current operations into the middle of 2026. 

This credit agreement provides CalciMedica with additional flexibility as
we prepare for multiple critical milestones throughout 2025, including anticipated data from our Phase 2 KOURAGE trial of Auxora in patients with acute kidney injury and hypoxemia, said Rachel Leheny, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of
CalciMedica. Importantly, the facility extends our cash runway to the middle of 2026, providing us ample runway beyond the KOURAGE readout based on our current enrollment projections and our anticipated discussions with the FDA on the design
of a Phase 3 program in acute pancreatitis. 

Avenue welcomes this opportunity to support CalciMedica in its mission to deliver treatments to
patients with high unmet need, said Chad Norman, Senior Portfolio Manager of Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund. We appreciate the potential of its lead pipeline candidate, Auxora, to treat acute inflammatory and immunologic diseases and
look forward to its continued progress in clinical trials. 

About Avenue Venture Opportunities 

The Avenue Venture Debt Funds seek to provide creative financing solutions to high-growth, venture capital-backed technology and life science companies,
focusing generally on companies within the underserved segment of the market created by the widening financing gap between commercial banks and larger debt funds. The Avenue Venture Debt funds are part of the larger group of funds of Avenue Capital
Group. For additional information on Avenue Capital Group, which is a global investment firm with assets under management of approximately $12.1 billion, visit www.avenuecapital.com. 

About CalciMedica 

CalciMedica is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel CRAC channel inhibition therapies for inflammatory and immunologic
diseases. CalciMedicas proprietary technology targets the inhibition of CRAC channels to modulate the immune response and protect against tissue cell injury, with the potential to provide therapeutic benefits in life-threatening
inflammatory and immunologic diseases for which there are currently no approved therapies. CalciMedicas lead product candidate Auxora has demonstrated positive and
consistent clinical results in multiple completed efficacy clinical trials. CalciMedica has announced data for a Phase 2b trial (called CARPO NCT04681066) in patients with acute pancreatitis (AP) and accompanying systemic
inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). The Company has also completed a Phase 2 trial (called CARDEA NCT04345614) in patients with COVID pneumonia. The Company is currently conducting a Phase 2 trial (called KOURAGE 
NCT06374797) in patients with acute kidney injury (AKI) with associated acute hypoxemic respiratory failure (AHRF) with data expected in 2025 and continuing to support the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial (called CRSPA NCT04195347) in
pediatric patients with asparaginase-induced pancreatic toxicity (AIPT) with data expected in 2025. CalciMedica was founded by scientists from Torrey Pines Therapeutics and the Harvard CBR Institute for Biomedical Research, and is
headquartered in La Jolla, CA. For more information, please visit www.calcimedica.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This communication contains forward-looking statements which include, but are not limited to, the expectations that the credit facility from Avenue Venture
Debt Funds will fund CalciMedicas current operations into the middle of 2026; potential funding from additional tranches that are subject to certain milestones; CalciMedicas ongoing and planned clinical trials and the timing,
milestones and design thereof, including its plans for an End-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA and plans to progress a Phase 3 trial of Auxora in AP, its ongoing Phase
1/2 CRSPA trial of Auxora in pediatric patients with AIPT and its ongoing Phase 2 KOURAGE trial of Auxora in AKI with associated AHRF; the potential benefits of Auxora for the treatment of AP, AKI and AIPT; and the potential
of CalciMedicas proprietary technology to provide therapeutic benefits in life-threatening inflammatory and immunologic diseases. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. CalciMedicas expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a
result of uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements are included under the caption
Risk Factors in CalciMedicas Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
on November 13, 2024, and elsewhere in CalciMedicas subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K
filed with the SEC from time to time and available at www.sec.gov. These documents can be accessed on CalciMedicas web page
at ir.calcimedica.com/financials-filings/sec-filings. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof, and CalciMedica undertakes no obligation to update
them after this date, except as required by law. 

Contact Information 

Argot Partners 

Sarah Sutton/Kevin Murphy 

calcimedica@argotpartners.com

(212) 600-1902

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>calc-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>calc-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>calc-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g940326g0305084717581.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g940326g65g66.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001534133

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CalciMedica, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39538

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2120079

Entity Address, Address Line One 505 Coast Boulevard South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 307

Entity Address, City or Town La Jolla

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92037

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 952-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share

Trading Symbol CALC

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250228/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

calc-20250228.xsd 
calc-20250228_lab.xml 
calc-20250228_pre.xml 
d940326d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-046225-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d940326d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534133 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

NASDAQ 
false 
0001534133 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
CalciMedica, Inc. 
DE 
001-39538 
45-2120079 
505 Coast Boulevard South 
Suite 307 
La Jolla 
CA 
92037 
(858) 
952-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share 
CALC 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>