<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-000823.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-000823.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-000823
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241216
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002032528
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42435
		FILM NUMBER:		25506798

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9858 CLINT MOORE ROAD, SUITE 205
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33496
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6506182524

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9858 CLINT MOORE ROAD, SUITE 205
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33496
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251744d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203252800-000000000020325282024-12-162024-12-160002032528DRDB:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2024-12-162024-12-160002032528us-gaap:CommonClassAMember2024-12-162024-12-160002032528DRDB:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2024-12-162024-12-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 16, 2024

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42435 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9858 Clint Moore Road, Suite 205

Boca Raton, FL33496

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (650) 618-2524

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one
redeemable warrant DRDBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share DRDB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share DRDBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On December 16,
2024, Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO)
of 20,000,000 units (the Units). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company
(each, a Warrant), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share
for $11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $200,000,000. The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units at the initial public offering price
to cover over-allotments, if any.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of an aggregate of 7,385,000
warrants (the Private Placement Warrants). 4,885,000 Private Placement Warrants were sold to Roman DBDR Acquisition
Sponsor II LLC, the Companys sponsor, and 2,500,000 Private Placement Warrants were sold to B. Riley Securities, Inc., the
representative of the underwriters in the IPO, in each case at a purchase price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of $7,385,000.

A total of
$201,000,000, or $10.05 per Unit, comprised of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was deposited
in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited
balance sheet as of December 16, 2024 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued
by the Company and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statement and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of December 16, 2024.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ROMAN DBDR ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: 

/s/ John C. Small

Name: John C. Small

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Dated: January 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251744d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Roman DBDR Acquisition
Corp. II

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Balance Sheet of Roman DBDR Acquisition
Corp. II: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 688) F-2

Balance Sheet as of December 16, 2024 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the
accompanying balance sheet of Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) as of December 16, 2024 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 16, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statement has been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the financial statement, the Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition
Company that was formed for the purpose of completing a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses within an expected period of 24 months from the date of completion of the
public offering. The Company lacks the capital resources it needs to fund its operations and fund business combination expenses for a
reasonable period of time, which is generally considered to be one year from the issuance of the financial statement. These matters raise
substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans with regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern.

Basis for Opinion

This
financial statement is the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Companys financial statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement is free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control
over financial reporting.

Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP

Marcum LLP

We have served as the Companys auditor
since 2024.

New York, NY

January 3, 2025

F-2

Roman DBDR Acquisition
Corp. II

BALANCE SHEET

December 16,

2024 

Assets: 

Current assets 

Cash $ 2,274,228 

Prepaid expenses 23,200 

Total current assets 2,297,428 

Cash held in Trust Account 201,000,007 

Total Assets $ 203,297,435 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses $ 71,589 

Accrued offering costs. 387,251 

Due to Sponsor 319,639 

Over-allotment liability 392,288 

Total Current Liabilities 1,170,767 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 20,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per share 201,000,000 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 7,666,667 shares issued and outstanding(1) 767 

Additional paid-in capital 1,288,430 

Accumulated deficit (162,529 )

Total Shareholders Equity 1,126,668 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity $ 203,297,435 

(1) Includes up to 1,000,000 Class B ordinary shares subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (Note 7).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statement.

F-3

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations

Roman
DBDR Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation
on July 25, 2024. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target, and the Company has not, nor has anyone
on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to
an initial Business Combination with the Company. While the Company may pursue an initial Business Combination target in any stage
of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, the Company intends to focus its initial search on companies in the
cybersecurity, artificial intelligence (AI) or financial technology (FinTech) industries.

As of December 16,
2024, the Company has not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 25, 2024 (inception) through December 16,
2024 relates to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The registration statement for the
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 12, 2024. On December 16, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units
offered, the Public Shares), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3.

Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 7,385,000 private placement warrants (the Private
Placement Warrants) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Companys Sponsor, Roman
DBDR Acquisition Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor) and to B. Riley Securities (B. Riley),
the representative of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of $7,385,000, which is described
in Note 4.

Transaction costs amounted to $4,728,515,
consisting of $4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee and $728,515 of other offering costs.

The Companys
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
a Business Combination.

The
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net
balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business
Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

F-4

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations (continued)

Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on December 16, 2024, an amount of $201,000,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units, and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was deposited into the Companys
trust account (the Trust Account), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
acting as trustee. The funds will be, invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. The holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole
purpose of facilitating the intended business combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the
Company may, at any time (based on the management teams ongoing assessment of all factors related to the Companys potential
status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold
the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the
completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier
liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve (the Completion Window), subject to applicable law,
or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the
Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the
Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of
the Companys public shareholders.

The
Company will provide the Companys public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares
upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the
initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the
Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the
Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes
payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is
initially anticipated to be $10.05 per public share.

The ordinary shares
subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public
Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

The
Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company
is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less
taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any),
subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other
requirements of applicable law.

F-5

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations (continued)

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to
(i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares
if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the
initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account;
and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
(including in open market and privately negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the
requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination) in
favor of the initial Business Combination.

The Sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations.

Going Concern

The Companys liquidity needs
up to December 16, 2024 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of $25,000 for the Founder Shares (see Note 5) and
the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to $300,000 (see Note 5). At December 16, 2024, the Company had
working capital of $1,126,661. In connection with the Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the Company has determined that it has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of its acquisition plans. There is no assurance that the Companys plans to raise capital will be successful. The Company lacks
the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date
of the issuance of the financial statement. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as
a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

F-6

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial
statement is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)
and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period,
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of
this financial statement in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of this financial statement. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $2,274,228 in cash
and no cash equivalents as of December 16, 2024.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of December 16, 2024, the assets
held in the Trust Account, amounting to $201,000,007, were held in cash.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a
significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Offering Costs

The Company complies
with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering.
Deferred offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB
ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible
debt into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units
between Class A ordinary shares and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned
value of the warrants and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Class A ordinary shares were
charged to temporary equity and offering costs allocated to the Public and Private Placement Warrants were charged to shareholders
equity as Public and Private Placement Warrants after managements evaluation were accounted for under equity treatment.

F-7

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the
Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts
for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting
and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates
applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major
tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As
of December 16, 2024, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered
to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes
or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for
the period presented.

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company evaluates
its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in
accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities,
the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with
changes in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such
instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are
classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net cash settlement or
conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The underwriters over-allotment option
is deemed to be a freestanding financial instrument indexed on the contingently redeemable shares and was accounted for as a liability
pursuant to ASC 480 since the underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment option at the closing of Initial Public Offering.

F-8

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies (continued)

Warrant Instruments

The Company accounted for the 10,000,000
public warrants (the Public Warrants) included in the Units issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and 7,385,000
Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance
contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the warrant
instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The public shares contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control
of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of
December 16, 2024, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders equity section of the Companys balance sheet. As of December 16, 2024, the Class A
ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 200,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (1,910,000 )

Proceeds allocated to Over-allotment (392,288 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (4,648,439 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 7,950,727 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 16, 2024 $ 201,000,000 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Management does not
believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Companys financial statement.

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, on December 16, 2024, the Company sold 20,000,000 Units, at a
purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Each
warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the
completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

Warrants
As of December 16, 2024, there were 17,385,000 warrants outstanding, including 10,000,000 Public Warrants and
7,385,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
$11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the
initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A
ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be
exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the
Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two
immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to
exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash
settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a Unit
containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying
such Unit.

F-9

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 3 Initial Public Offering
(continued)

Under the terms of
the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing
of its Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement for the Initial Public
Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within
60 business days following the Companys initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the
warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not
effective by the sixtieth (60) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or
another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company
will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement.

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00: The Company may redeem the outstanding
warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
commencing at least 30 days after completion of the Companys initial business combination and ending three business days before
the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally, if the
number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or
by a subdivision of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, subdivision or similar
event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase
in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to
purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of
Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A
ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the
fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A
ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the
volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights.

F-10

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 3 Initial Public Offering
(continued)

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
Companys board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the
Newly Issued Price), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Companys initial Business Combination on the date of
the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average
trading price of the Companys Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such price, the Market Value) is below
$9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Note 4 Private Placement

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and B. Riley purchased an aggregate of 7,385,000 Private Placement Warrants, each
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $7,385,000 in the aggregate
in a private placement. Of those 7,385,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 4,885,000 Private Placement Warrants and
B. Riley purchased 2,500,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor,
B. Riley, or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by
the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights
and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by B. Riley and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than five
years from the commencement of sales in the Initial Public Offering in accordance with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
Rule 5110(g)(8).

F-11

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 4 Private Placement (continued)

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to
(i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the
initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion
Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they
hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business
Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On July 25, 2024,
the Company issued an aggregate of 7,666,667 founder shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.003 per share. Up to 1,000,000 of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent
to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised.

The
Companys initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A
ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) six months after the completion of the initial
Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to
exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the
same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the
Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination
or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released
from the Lock-up.

Promissory Note Related Party

The Sponsor agreed
to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was
non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of March 31, 2025 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 16,
2024, the Company had borrowed $300,000 under the promissory note. The Company repaid all the outstanding balance of the note at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on December 16, 2024. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

Due to Sponsor

As of December 16, 2024, the amount
due to Sponsor was $319,569 which represents excess private placement funding by the Sponsor to the Company that was not covered by the
Promissory Note. The outstanding balance was due on demand.

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered
into an agreement with the Sponsor, commencing on December 12, 2024 through the earlier of the Companys consummation of a
Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay an aggregate of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative
support. As of December 16, 2024, the Company incurred $333 of administrative services fees which was included in accrued expenses
line in the accompanying balance sheet.

F-12

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 5 Related Party Transactions
(continued)

Related Party Loans

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the
option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 16, 2024, no such Working
Capital Loans were outstanding.

Note 6 Commitments
and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The
United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation in the Middle East. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions
against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have
also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical
tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation in the Middle East and the resulting
measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European
Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting
impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they
could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as
supply chain interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely
affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation in the Middle East and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys
search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial Business
Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the
founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants and Private
Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans will have registration rights to require
the Company to register a sale of any of the Companys securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired
by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed on the
effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriters Agreement

The
underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover
over-allotments, if any. As of December 16, 2024, the over-allotment option has not been exercised.

F-13

Roman DBDR Acquisition
Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies
(continued)

The underwriters were
entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $4,000,000 in the aggregate, which was paid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering.

Business Combination Marketing Agreement

The
Company has engaged the underwriter as advisors in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in arranging
meetings with the shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce
the Company to potential investors that may be interested in purchasing securities, assist in obtaining shareholder approval for the
Business Combination and assist the Company with the preparation of press releases and public filings in connection with the
Business Combination. The Company will pay the underwriter for such services upon the consummation of the initial Business
Combination a cash fee in an amount equal to 4.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable
finders fees which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination marketing agreement, no fee will
be due if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination.

Note 7 Shareholders Equity

Preference
Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each.
At December 16, 2024, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value
of $0.0001 each. At December 16, 2024, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding.

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value
of $0.0001 each. On July 25, 2024, the Company issued 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately
$0.003 per share. As of December 16, 2024, there were 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the
consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to
adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further
adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are
issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to or in connection with the
closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25% of the sum of (i) the total number of all
Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary
shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants
issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to the Companys officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial
Business Combination; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

F-14

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

Note 7 Shareholders Equity
(continued)

Holders
of record of the Companys Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each
share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes
cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable
general meeting of the company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by the Companys shareholders. Approval of
certain actions require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below) requires the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are
allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of
directors, meaning, following the Companys initial business combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares
voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of
directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any
special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a
result of approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A
ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at
least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of
the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the
applicable general meeting of the Company.

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the
Companys financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received
in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks
to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs
(internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to
classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

F-15

Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp.
II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

DECEMBER 16, 2024

The following table presents information
about the Companys assets that are measured at fair value as of December 16, 2024, and indicates the fair value hierarchy
of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

Level December 16, 2024 

Liability: 

Fair value of over-allotment liability 3 $ 392,288 

Equity: 

Fair value of Public Warrants for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption allocation 3 $ 1,910,000 

The over-allotment option was accounted
for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40 and was presented within liabilities on the balance sheet. The over-allotment option
liability is measured at fair value at December 16, 2024 and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change
in fair value of over-allotment option liability in the statement of operations.

The Company used a Black-Scholes model
to value the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the
measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in pricing models and assumptions related to expected share-price volatility,
expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary share based on historical volatility that
matches the expected remaining life of the over-allotment option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the over-allotment option. The expected life of
the over-allotment option is assumed to be equivalent to its remaining contractual term.

The key inputs into the Black-Scholes
model were as follows at initial measurement of the over-allotment option:

December 16, 2024 

Risk-free interest rate 4.43 %

Expected term (years) 0.12 

Expected volatility 7.27 %

Exercise price $ 10.00 

Fair value of over-allotment option $ 0.1308 

The fair value of Public Warrants was
determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders equity and will not
require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the
valuation of the Public Warrants:

December 16, 2024 

Estimated share price $ 9.90 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Term (years) 2.61 

Annual risk-free rate 4.23 %

Annual volatility after expected business combination date 5.1 %

Note 9 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date and through the date that the financial statement is available
to be issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statement.

F-16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>drdb-20241216.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>drdb-20241216_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>drdb-20241216_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant [Member] 

Common Class A [Member] 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>drdb-20241216_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 16, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 16, 2024

Entity File Number 001-42435

Entity Registrant Name Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II

Entity Central Index Key 0002032528

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 9858 Clint Moore Road, Suite 205

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33496

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 618-2524

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one
redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol DRDBU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Class A [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DRDB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol DRDBW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DRDB_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DRDB_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://romandbdr.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

drdb-20241216.xsd 
drdb-20241216_def.xml 
drdb-20241216_lab.xml 
drdb-20241216_pre.xml 
tm251744d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-000823-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm251744d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002032528 

2024-12-16 
2024-12-16 

0002032528 

DRDB:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2024-12-16 
2024-12-16 

0002032528 

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 

2024-12-16 
2024-12-16 

0002032528 

DRDB:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassaOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2024-12-16 
2024-12-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002032528 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2024-12-16 
Roman DBDR Acquisition Corp. II 
E9 
001-42435 
9858 Clint Moore Road, Suite 205 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33496 
650 
618-2524 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
DRDBU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
DRDB 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
DRDBW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>