<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015030.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015030.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219062351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			T1 Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001992243
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				933205861
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41903
		FILM NUMBER:		25637109

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1211 E 4TH ST.
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		409-599-5706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1211 E 4TH ST.
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREYR Battery, Inc. /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230901
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231365-8k_freyrbat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000199224300019922432025-02-182025-02-180001992243FREY:CommonStock0.01ParValueMember2025-02-182025-02-180001992243FREY:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneCommonStockAtExercisePriceFor11.50PerShareMember2025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 18, 2025

T1 Energy Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 333-274434 93-3205861

(State or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1211 E 4th St.

Austin, Texas78702

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 409-599-5706

FREYR Battery, Inc.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each
class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value FREY The New York Stock Exchange

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Common Stock at an exercise price for $11.50 per share FREY WS The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 pf this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

FREYR Battery, Inc. (the Company)
changed its name to T1 Energy Inc. by filing an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Amendment)
on February 18, 2025 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Name Change). The Name Change and Amendment
became effective at 12:01 am Eastern Time on February 19, 2025.

The Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board) approved the Name Change and the Amendment pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware. Pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholder approval was not required to complete
the Name Change or to approve or effect the Amendment. The Name Change will not in any way affect the voting or other rights that accompany
the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), or the validity or transferability of the Companys
shares of Common Stock currently outstanding. In connection with the Name Change, the Board also approved the Companys Second Amended
and Restated Bylaws, which were amended to reflect the corporate name T1 Energy Inc. No other changes were made to the Companys Second
Amended and Restated Bylaws.

As a result of the Name
Change, the Company expects that effective as of the open of business on March 3, 2025, the Companys Common Stock and
warrants will cease trading under the ticker symbol FREY and FREY WS, respectively, and will begin
trading under its new ticker symbol TE and TE WS, respectively, on the New York Stock Exchange. The
CUSIP of the Common Stock did not change in connection with the Name Change. Following the Name Change, existing stock certificates,
which reflect the former name of the Company, will continue to be valid unless and until such certificates are exchanged for new
stock certificates reflecting the new name of the Company.

Copies of the Amendment and
the Bylaws are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 19, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the Name Change. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 18, 2025.

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of T1 Energy Inc., effective February 19, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated February 19, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto
duly authorized.

T1 Energy Inc.

By: /s/ Daniel Barcelo

Name: Daniel Barcelo

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Dated: February 19, 2025

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023136501ex3-1_freyrbat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO THE

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

FREYR BATTERY, INC.

Pursuant to Section 242 of the General

Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

FREYR
Battery, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation), does hereby certify as follows:

FIRST: Article FIRST of the Corporations
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as set forth below:

FIRST: The name of the corporation is T1 Energy Inc.
(hereinafter the Corporation).

SECOND: The foregoing amendment was duly adopted
in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

THIRD: This Certificate
of Amendment shall become effective at 12:01 am Eastern Time on February 19, 2025.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate to be duly executed in its corporate name this 18th day of February, 2025.

FREYR BATTERY, INC.

By: /s/ Daniel Barcelo

Name: Daniel Barcelo

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023136501ex3-2_freyrbat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF T1 ENERGY INC., EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 19, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

T1 ENERGY INC.

A Delaware Corporation

Effective February 19, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office 1

Section 2. Other Offices 1

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place of Meetings 1

Section 2. Annual Meetings 1

Section 3. Special Meetings 1

Section 4. Notice 2

Section 5. Adjournments and Postponements 2

Section 6. Quorum 2

Section 7. Voting 3

Section 8. Proxies 3

Section 9. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 4

Section 10. Record Date 4

Section 11. Stock Ledger 5

Section 12. Conduct of Meetings 5

Section 13. Inspectors of Election 5

Section 14. Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders 6

Section 15. Nomination of Directors 8

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS

Section 1. Number and Election of Directors 10

Section 2. Vacancies 10

Section 3. Duties and Powers 11

Section 4. Meetings 11

Section 5. Organization 11

Section 6. Resignations and Removals of Directors 11

Section 7. Quorum 12

Section 8. Actions of the Board by Written Consent 12

Section 9. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone 12

Section 10. Committees 12

Section 11. Subcommittees 13

Section 12. Compensation 13

Section 13. Interested Directors 13

i

ARTICLE
IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 1. General 13

Section 2. Election 13

Section 3. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation 13

Section 4. Chief Executive Officer 14

Section 5. Chair of the Board of Directors 14

Section 6. Secretary 14

Section 7. Assistant Secretaries 14

Section 8. Other Officers 14

ARTICLE V

STOCK 

Section 1. Shares of Stock 15

Section 2. Signatures 15

Section 3. Lost Certificates 15

Section 4. Transfers 15

Section 5. Dividend Record Date 16

Section 6. Record Owners 16

Section 7. Transfer and Registry Agents 16

ARTICLE
VI 

NOTICES

Section 1. Notices 16

Section 2. Waivers of Notice 17

ARTICLE
VII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends 17

Section 2. Disbursements 18

Section 3. Fiscal Year 18

Section 4. Corporate Seal 18

ii

ARTICLE VIII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 18

Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 18

Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification 19

Section 4. Good Faith Defined 19

Section 5. Indemnification by a Court 19

Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance 20

Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 20

Section 8. Insurance 21

Section 9. Certain Definitions 21

Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 21

Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification 21

Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents 22

ARTICLE IX 

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES

Section 1. Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes 22

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS

Section 1. Amendments 23

Section 2. Entire Board of Directors 23

iii

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

T1 ENERGY INC.

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

ARTICLE
I

OFFICES

Section 1.Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801.

Section 2.Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware,
as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE
II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at
such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of the stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may
instead be held solely by means of remote communication in the manner authorized by Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the DGCL).

Section 2.Annual Meetings. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such
time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders.

Section 3.Special Meetings. Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended
and restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose
or purposes, may be called only by (i) the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (iii) a stockholder,
or a group of stockholders, holding more than twenty percent (20%) of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Corporation and entitled to vote on the matter for which such Special Meeting of Stockholders is called if such stockholder, or
group of stockholders, have dated, signed and delivered to the Secretary a written demand for such Special Meeting of Stockholders at
least ninety (90) days prior to the proposed date for such Special Meeting of Stockholders, describing each matter of business desired
to be brought before the Special Meeting of Stockholders, the reasons for conducting such business, the text of any proposal or business
to be considered, and the information required by Sections 14 and 15 of Article II (replacing references
to Annual Meeting with Special Meeting).

1

Section 4.Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be
given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, and such notice shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means
of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting,
the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, if such date is different from the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting and, in the case of a Special Meeting of Stockholders, the purpose or purposes
for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law, notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more
than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting. At a Special Meeting of Stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall
be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).

Section 5.Adjournments and Postponements. Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned or postponed from time to time by the chair
of such meeting or by the Board of Directors, without the need for approval thereof by stockholders to reconvene or convene, respectively
at the same or some other place. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned or postponed meeting (including an adjournment taken to
address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication) if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the
means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such
adjourned or postponed meeting are (i) with respect to an adjourned meeting, (a) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is
taken, (b) displayed during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders
to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication, or (c) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 4
of this Article II, or (ii) with respect to a postponed meeting, are publicly announced. At the adjourned or postponed meeting,
the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment or postponement
is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 4
hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If, after the adjournment or postponement, a new
record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned or postponed meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new
record date for notice of such adjourned or postponed meeting in accordance with Section 10 of this Article II,
and shall give notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned or postponed
meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned or postponed meeting.

Section 6.Quorum. Unless otherwise required by the DGCL or other applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of
a majority of the Corporations capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented
by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall
not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented
at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power
to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 of this Article II, until a quorum
shall be present or represented.

2

Section 7.Voting. Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, or permitted by the rules and
regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading,
any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, subject to the election of directors provisions set out in Section 1
of Article III, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of the Corporations
capital stock present at the meeting in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question, voting as a single class.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to Section 10 of this Article II, each
stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled
to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 8 of this Article II.
The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the chair of a meeting of the stockholders, in his or her discretion, may require that any
votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

Section 8.Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act
for such stockholder as proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted upon after three years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a
longer period. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder
as proxy, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority:

(i)A stockholder, or such stockholders authorized officer, director, employee or agent, may execute a document, as such term
is defined in Section 116(a) of the DGCL, authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy.

(ii)A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission
of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service
organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that
any such transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was
authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such
other persons making that determination shall specify the information on which they relied.

3

(iii)The authorization of a person to act as proxy may be documented, signed and delivered in accordance with Section 116 of the DGCL,
provided that such authorization shall set forth, or be delivered with information enabling the Corporation to determine, the identity
of the stockholder granting such authorization.

Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction
of the document (including any electronic transmission) authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder may be
substituted or used in lieu of the original document for any and all purposes for which the original document could be used; provided,
however, that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original document.

Section 9.List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting
of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled
to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date. Such list shall be arranged in alphabetical order, and show the address of
each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder; provided, that the Corporation shall not be required
to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination
of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date (i)
on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the
notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that
the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that
such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation.

Section 10. Record
Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of the stockholders or any
adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor
less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the
record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time
it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination.
If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote
at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or,
if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the
meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote
at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix, as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned
meeting, the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.

4

Section 11.Stock Ledger. The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to
examine the list of stockholders required by Section 9 of this Article II or the books and records of the Corporation,
or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. As used herein, the stock ledger of the Corporation shall refer to one
(1) or more records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in which the names of all of the Corporations stockholders
of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each such stockholder, and all issuances and transfer of stock of
the Corporation are recorded in accordance with Section 224 of the DGCL.

Section 12. Conduct
of Meetings. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any
meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chair of the Board
of Directors, or if there shall not be a Chair of the Board of Directors or in his or her absence, the Chief Executive Officer. The
Board of Directors shall have the authority to appoint a temporary chair to serve at any meeting of the stockholders if the Chair of
the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer is unable to do so for any reason. Except to the extent inconsistent with any
rules and regulations adopted by the Board of Directors, the chair of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and
authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are
appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors
or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or
order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on
at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on
attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted
proxies or such other persons as the chair of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time
fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by stockholders.

Section 13.Inspectors of Election. In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chair
of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written
report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector
or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at
the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector,
before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector
with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by
law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall execute and deliver to the Corporation a certificate of
the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.

5

Section 14.Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board of
Directors, which must comply with the provisions of Section 15 of this Article II) may be transacted at an Annual
Meeting of Stockholders as is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of
the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving
of the notice provided for in this Section 14 of this Article II and on the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual Meeting of Stockholders and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures
set forth in this Section 14 of this Article II.

In addition to any other applicable requirements,
for business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting of Stockholders by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely
notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.

To be timely, a stockholders notice shall
be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than the close of business on the sixtieth
(60th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the first anniversary date of the preceding years
Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders is called for a date that
is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be
timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and not later than the close of business on the later of the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such Annual Meeting of Stockholders or, if the
first public announcement of the date of such Annual Meeting of Stockholders is less than a hundred (100) days prior to the date of such
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such Annual Meeting
of Stockholders is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
or the public announcement of such an adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving
of a stockholders notice as described above.

6

To be in proper written form, a stockholders
notice to the Secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
the proposed text of any proposal regarding such business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, if such
business includes a proposal to amend these bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, any other information relating to such business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement
or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed business to be brought
before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number
of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of
such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such
person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee
holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest
or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect
to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including
any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or
any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk
or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting
power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation,
(iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any
affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with or relating to (A)
the Corporation or (B) the proposal, including any material interest in, or anticipated benefit from the proposal to such person, or any
affiliates or associates of such person, (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy
at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to bring such business before the meeting, and (v) any other information relating to such person
that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of
proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant
to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

A stockholder providing notice of business proposed
to be brought before an Annual Meeting of Stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information
provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 14 of this Article II shall be true
and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
at all times thereafter until the date of such Annual Meeting of Stockholders and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or
be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after
the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders or if such information
ceases to be true and correct after the record date, as promptly as practicable and in any event not later than the earlier of (i) two
(2) business days after such information ceases to be true and correct and (ii) one (1) business day before the date of the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders.

No business shall be conducted at the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders except business brought before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Section 14 of this Article II; provided, however, that, once business has been properly brought before the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this Section 14 of this Article II shall
be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business. If the chair of an Annual Meeting of Stockholders determines
that business was not properly brought before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chair
shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.

7

Nothing contained in this Section 14
of this Article II shall be deemed to contravene any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations
proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).

Section 15.Nomination of Directors. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for
election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the
right of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances.
Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or at any Special Meeting
of Stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized
committee thereof) or (b) by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice
provided for in this Section 15 of this Article II and on the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders, (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set
forth in this Section 15 of this Article II and (iii) who complies with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated
under the Exchange Act.

In addition to any other applicable requirements,
for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary
of the Corporation.

To be timely, a stockholders notice shall
be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) in the case of an Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
no later than the close of business on the sixtieth (60th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior
to the first anniversary date of the preceding years Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such
anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the ninetieth
(90th) day prior to such Annual Meeting of Stockholders and not later than the close of business on the later of the sixtieth (60th) day
prior to such Annual Meeting of Stockholders or, if the first public announcement of the date of such Annual Meeting of Stockholders is
less than a hundred (100) days prior to the date of such Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of such Annual Meeting of Stockholders is first made by the Corporation; and (b) in the case of a Special
Meeting of Stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which notice of the date of the Special Meeting of Stockholders was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the Special
Meeting of Stockholders was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an Annual Meeting of Stockholders
or a Special Meeting of Stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, or the public announcement of such an adjournment or
postponement, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

8

To be in proper written form, a stockholders
notice to the Secretary must set forth the following information: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for
election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment
of such person, (iii) a written questionnaire, in the form required by the Secretary of the Corporation, with respect to the background
and qualifications of such nominee and the background and other relevant facts about any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination
is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request), (iv) (A) the class or series and number of
all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such
person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person
or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder,
(C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other
transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock
of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any
short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any
affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or
benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting
power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation,
(v) such persons written representation and agreement that such person (A) is not and will not become a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected
as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation,
reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director of the Corporation that has not been disclosed to
the Corporation in such representation and agreement, and (C) in such persons individual capacity, would be in compliance, if elected
as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with, all applicable publicly disclosed confidentiality, corporate governance, conflict
of interest, Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure), code of conduct and ethics, and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the
Corporation and (D) such persons written undertaking, if elected as a director of the Corporation, to submit a conditional letter
of resignation upon election, the effectiveness of such resignation to be conditioned on a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction
that such person, in their capacity as a director of the Corporation, intentionally disclosed confidential information to third parties
in breach of such persons confidentiality obligations to the Corporation under applicable law, any applicable agreement or any
policies or guidelines of the Corporation and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed
in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant
to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice,
and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of the stockholder giving
the notice and the name and principal place of business of such beneficial owner; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares
of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person,
(B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates
or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the
extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been
entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation
and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or
any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates
of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes
for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic
interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description
of (A) all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates
of such person, and any proposed nominee, or any affiliates or associates of such proposed nominee, (B) all agreements, arrangements,
or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person
or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, or otherwise relating to the Corporation
or their ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, and (C) any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates
of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such
person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
or Special Meeting of Stockholders to nominate the persons named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such person
that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of
proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such
notice must include all other information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and must be accompanied by a written consent
of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee in any proxy statement relating to the Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders,
as applicable, and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information
as it may reasonably require, including such information as may be necessary or appropriate to determine the eligibility of such proposed
nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding
of the independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee.

9

A stockholder providing notice of any nomination
proposed to be made at an Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, (i) if necessary,
so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 15 of this Article II
shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Annual or Special Meeting
of Stockholders and at all times thereafter until the date of such Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders, and such update and supplement
shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than
five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such Annual or Special Meeting
of Stockholders or if such information ceases to be true and correct after the record date, as promptly as practicable and in any event
not later than the earlier of (a) two (2) business days after such information ceases to be true and correct and (b) one (1) business
day before the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and (ii) to provide evidence that the stockholder providing notice of any nomination
has solicited proxies from holders representing at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote
in the election of directors, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the stockholder files a definitive proxy statement in
connection with such Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders.

No person shall be eligible for election as a director
of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 15 of this Article II.
If the chair of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures or that the solicitation
in support of the nominees other than the Corporations nominees was not conducted in compliance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange
Act, the chair shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.

ARTICLE
III

DIRECTORS

Section 1.Number and Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of not less than five (5) nor more than twelve (12)
members, each of whom shall be a natural person, the exact number of which shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, directors shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast
at each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, except for contested elections (i.e., elections in which there are a greater number of candidates
than there are seats to be filled), in which case the directors shall be elected by a plurality vote of the votes cast for the election
of directors at such meeting, and each director so elected shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until such
directors successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal. Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2.Vacancies. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors or
any committee thereof resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal of a director, or from an increase
in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors or such committee or otherwise, may be filled only by a majority of the
directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. The directors so chosen shall, in the case of the
Board of Directors, hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their
earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal and, in the case of any committee of the Board of Directors, shall
hold office until their successors are duly appointed by the Board of Directors or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or removal.

10

Section 3.Duties and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of
Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation except as may be otherwise provided in the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation,
these Bylaws or required by the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation
are listed or quoted for trading.

Section 4.Meetings. The Board of Directors and any committee thereof may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or
without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be held without notice at such
time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors or such committee, respectively. Special meetings
of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the Chief Executive Officer, or a majority
of the Board of Directors. Special meetings of any committee of the Board of Directors may be called by the chair of such committee, if
there be one, or a majority of the directors serving on such committee. Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors or any
committees thereof stating the place, date, hour and agenda of the meeting shall be given to each director (or, in the case of a committee,
to each member of such committee) not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the date of the meeting, by telephone, or in the form of
a writing or electronic transmission, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate
in the circumstances. Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors or any committees thereof may be waived if all members of
the Board of Directors or such committee thereof (i) are in attendance and (ii) agree to waive such notice requirement.

Section 5.Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the Chair of the Board of Directors or
the chair of such committee, as the case may be, or, in his or her absence or if there be none, a director chosen by a majority of the
directors present, shall act as chair of such meeting. Except as provided below, the Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary
at each meeting of the Board of Directors and of each committee thereof. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the
Board of Directors or of any committee thereof, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the
absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act
as secretary of the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the members of each committee of the Board of Directors may appoint any person
to act as secretary of any meeting of such committee and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation may, but need not
if such committee so elects, serve in such capacity.

Section 6.Resignations and Removals of Directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign from the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof at any time, by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one,
or the Secretary of the Corporation and, in the case of a committee, to the chair of such committee, if there be one. Such resignation
shall take effect when delivered or, if such resignation specifies a later effective time or an effective time, determined upon the happening
of an event or events, in which case, such resignation takes effect upon such effective time. Unless otherwise specified in such resignation,
the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing
to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable. Except as otherwise required by applicable
law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board
of Directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Incorporation),
and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of the issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors. Any director serving on a committee of the Board of Directors may be removed
from such committee at any time by the Board of Directors.

11

Section 7.Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law, or the Certificate of Incorporation or the rules and regulations of any securities
exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, at all meetings of the Board
of Directors or any committee thereof, a majority of the entire Board of Directors or a majority of the directors constituting such committee,
as the case may be, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the vote of a majority of the directors or committee
members, as applicable, present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee,
as applicable. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the directors present
thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the
adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 8.Actions of the Board by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
(a) any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without
a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic
transmission and (b) a consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. Any person,
whether or not then a director, may provide, through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent to action will be effective
at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event) no later than sixty (60) days after such instruction is
given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given at such effective time so long as such person is then
a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective. After
an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors,
or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained.

Section 9.Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors
or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person
at such meeting.

Section 10.Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the
directors of the Corporation. Each member of a committee must meet the requirements for membership, if any, imposed by applicable law
and the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or
quoted for trading. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace
any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. Subject to the rules and regulations of any securities exchange
or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, in the absence or disqualification of
a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or
disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member
or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another qualified member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the
place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing
such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and
affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided,
however, that no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve, adopt, or recommend to the stockholders any action or
matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval,
or (ii) adopt, amend, or repeal any of these Bylaws. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when
required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article III, the resolution of the Board of Directors
establishing any committee of the Board of Directors and/or the charter of any such committee may establish requirements or procedures
relating to the governance and/or operation of such committee that are different from, or in addition to, those set forth in these Bylaws
and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these Bylaws and any such resolution or charter, the terms of such resolution
or charter shall be controlling.

12

Section 11. Subcommittees.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or the resolution of the Board of Directors designating
a committee, such committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the
committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. Except for references to
committees and members of committees in Section 10 of this Article III, every reference in these Bylaws to a
committee of the Board of Directors or a member of a committee shall be deemed to include a reference to a subcommittee or member of
a subcommittee.

Section 12. Compensation.
The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed
sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or
securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee
members.

Section 13. Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the
Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or
officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because
the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes
the contract or transaction, or solely because any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (i)
the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are
disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes
the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested
directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest
and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or
transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to
the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the
stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of
Directors or of a committee which authorizes such contract or transaction.

ARTICLE
IV

OFFICERS

Section 1.General. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer
and a Secretary. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chair of the Board of Directors (who must be a director)
and one or more Assistant Secretaries, and other officers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited
by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation
nor, except in the case of the Chair of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.

Section 2.Election. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, shall elect the officers
of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined
from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor
is elected and qualified, or until such officers earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Any officer
elected by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation
shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other
instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief
Executive Officer or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf
of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security
holders of any corporation or other entity in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise
any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have
exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person
or persons.

13

Section 4.Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer (or another chief executive with a different title), under the control
and supervision of the Board of Directors, shall be responsible for designing, developing and implementing strategic plans for the Corporation
in a cost-effective and time-efficient manner. The Board of Directors grants the Chief Executive Officer the authority to manage the affairs
of the Corporation under the control and supervision of the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer is accountable to the Board
of Directors and shall report to the Board of Directors regarding the performance of the Corporation on a quarterly basis.

Section 5.Chair of the Board of Directors. The Chair of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of
the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chair of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise
such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors.

Section 6.Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record
all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees
of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and
special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the
Chair of the Board of Directors, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause
to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary,
then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary
shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority
to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature
of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation
and to attest to the affixing by such officers signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates
and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.

Section 7.Assistant Secretaries. Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time
to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the
absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretarys inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary,
and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.

Section 8.Other Officers. Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers
as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the
Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

14

ARTICLE
V

STOCK

Section 1.Shares of Stock. The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated, provided that the Board of Directors
of the Corporation by resolution may provide that some or all of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented
by certificates. Every holder of capital stock of the Corporation theretofore represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a
certificate for shares of capital stock of the Corporation signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any two (2) authorized officers
of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. The Corporation shall not have power
to issue a certificate in bearer form.

Section 2.Signatures. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar
who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or
registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer,
transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 3.Lost Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or uncertificated shares be issued in place of any
certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new certificate
or uncertificated shares, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require
the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner
as the Board of Directors shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim
that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such
new certificate or uncertificated shares.

Section 4.Transfers. Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by applicable law and in these Bylaws.
Transfers of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, and in the case of certificated shares of stock, only by the person
named in the certificate or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate
therefor, properly endorsed for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes; or, in the case of uncertificated shares of stock,
upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of the shares or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted
in writing, and upon payment of all necessary transfer taxes and compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated
form; provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement, compliance or payment of taxes shall not be required in any case in which
the officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. With respect to certificated shares of stock, every certificate
exchanged, returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be marked Cancelled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary
or Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation
for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred.

15

Section 5.Dividend Record Date. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10 of Article II in relation to the
determination of stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, in order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record
date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts
the resolution relating thereto.

Section 6.Record Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as
the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered
on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or
shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by
law.

Section 7.Transfer and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and
registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE
VI

NOTICES

Section 1.Notices. Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any
director, member of a committee or stockholder, such notice may be given in writing directed to such directors, committee members
or stockholders mailing address (or by electronic transmission directed to such directors, committee members or stockholder
electronic mail address, as applicable) as it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given: (a) if mailed, when the notice
is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, (b) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received
or left at such directors, committee members or stockholders address or (c) if given by electronic mail, when directed
to such directors, committee members or stockholders electronic mail address unless such director, committee member
or stockholder has notified the corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic
mail or such notice is prohibited by the under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Without limiting the
manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, but subject to Section 232(e) of the DGCL, any notice to stockholders
given by the Corporation under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form
of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder
by written notice or electronic transmission to the Corporation. The Corporation may give notice by electronic mail in accordance with
the first sentence of this Section 1 without obtaining the consent required by the second sentence of this Section 1.
Notice given by electronic transmission, as described above, shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed
to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by a posting on an electronic network, together with separate
notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and
(iii) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice may not
be given by an electronic transmission from and after the time that (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by such electronic transmission
two consecutive notices given by the Corporation and (ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice, provided, however, the inadvertent failure
to discover such inability shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

16

Section 2.Waivers of Notice. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of Article III in relation to notice
of any special meeting of the Board of Directors or any committees thereof, whenever any notice is required, by applicable law, the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed
by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of
Article III in relation to notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors or any committees thereof, attendance of
a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the
person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because
the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any Annual or Special Meeting
of Stockholders or any regular meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver
of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

ARTICLE
VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1.Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board
of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 8 of Article III hereof),
and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporations capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may
be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time,
in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital
stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation,
or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board
of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

17

Section 2.Disbursements. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers
or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 3.Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization
and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed
or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE
VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1.Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 3
of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than
an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
as the latter term is defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the
person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct
was unlawful.

Section 2.Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 3
of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason
of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, as the latter term is defined in Section 16 of the Exchange
Act, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted
in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except
that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be
liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the court in which such
action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court
shall deem proper.

18

Section 3.Authorization of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall
be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former
director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1
or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person
who is a director or officer of the Corporation at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not
parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority
vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and
officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that
a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit
or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses
(including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization
in the specific case.

Section 4.Good Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this Article VIII, a person
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such persons
conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise,
or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on
the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation
or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by
the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in
any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1
or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be.

Section 5.Indemnification by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3
of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification
to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII. The basis of
such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the
circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2
of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3
of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption
that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification
pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful,
in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such
application.

19

Section 6.Expenses Payable in Advance. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation
in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance
of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer
to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized
in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees
and agents of the Corporation or by persons serving at the request of the Corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation
deems appropriate.

Section 7.Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided
by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification
or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding
such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Section 1 and Section 2
of this Article VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. A right to indemnification or to advancement of
expenses arising under a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment
to or repeal or elimination of a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission
that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement
of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment
after such act or omission has occurred. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification
of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the Corporation
has the power or obligation to indemnify, under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise.

20

Section 8.Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer
of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against
such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.
For purposes of this Section 8, insurance shall include any insurance provided directly or indirectly (including pursuant
to any fronting or reinsurance arrangement) by or through a captive insurance company in accordance with the requirements of Section 145(g)
of the DGCL.

Section 9.Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Corporation shall include,
in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation
or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so
that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent
corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with
respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate
existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to officers shall mean only a person
who at the time of such or omission is deemed to have consented to service by the delivery of process to the registered agent of the Corporation
pursuant to Section 3114(b) of Title 10 of the Delaware Code (treating residents of the State of Delaware as if they were nonresidents
to apply Section 3114(b) of Title 10 of the Delaware Code to this sentence). The term another enterprise as used in this
Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this
Article VIII, references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee
benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee
benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed
to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VIII.

Section 10.Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or
granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person
who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 11.Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except
for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 of this Article VIII),
the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives)
or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof)
was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

21

Section 12.Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of
Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to
those conferred in this Article VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation.

ARTICLE
IX

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES

Section 1.Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum (an Alternative Forum Consent), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of
a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation
to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current
or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL,
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation governed by the internal
affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks
subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another
state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal
court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims
because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation gives
an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act. Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. Any
person or entity purchasing, otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 1. The existence of any prior Alternative Forum Consent
shall not act as a waiver of the Corporations ongoing consent right as set forth above in this Section 1 with respect
to any current or future actions or claims.

22

ARTICLE
X

AMENDMENTS

Section 1.Amendments. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders
or by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws be contained
in the notice of a meeting of the stockholders or Board of Directors, as the case may be, called for the purpose of acting upon any proposed
alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws. All such alterations, amendments, repeals or adoptions of new Bylaws must be
approved by either the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority
of the entire Board of Directors then in office. Any amendment to these Bylaws adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that
shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not be further amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.

Section 2.Entire Board of Directors. As used in this Article X and in these Bylaws generally, the term entire
Board of Directors means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

* * *

Adopted as of: February 19, 2025

Last Amended as of: February 19, 2025

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023136501ex99-1_freyrbat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED FEBRUARY 19, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

News Release

FREYR Battery Rebrands as T1 Energy

Austin, TX and New York, NY, February 19, 2025, FREYR Battery
(NYSE: FREY) (or the Company) is unveiling a strategic rebranding of the Company as T1 Energy Inc. (T1). This
comprehensive rebrand includes a new company name, corporate logo, a fresh visual identity, and a forthcoming ticker symbol change to
TE on the New York Stock Exchange. The T1 brand represents the Companys commitment to becoming a vertically integrated
U.S. solar + battery storage leader from its new corporate headquarters in Austin, Texas.

The rebirth of our company as T1 Energy is about American energy,
jobs, and advanced manufacturing. The U.S. needs domestic supply chains and manufacturing capacity to harness its abundant solar resources.
T1 is committed to building that capacity, commented Daniel Barcelo, T1s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.
More than 80% of new U.S. electricity capacity in 2024 was solar and batteries. T1 plans to lead in the solar and battery markets
by enabling the growth in energy supply required to support AI, data centers, reshoring, and electrification - to restore American industrial
capacity and leadership in future advanced industries.

T1s teams continue to execute the Companys strategic
plan in accordance with the timelines communicated in T1s Q4 2024 transaction announcement. T1s solar module production
facility in Wilmer, Texas, renamed G1 Dallas, now employs more than 1,000 people, and the production ramp of solar modules
is proceeding on schedule. Concurrently, site selection for T1s planned U.S. solar cell manufacturing facility, which will be named
G2, is progressing to anticipated site selection in Q1 2025 with the start of construction still targeted for mid-year 2025.

In connection with the change of the Company name
to T1 Energy Inc., which became effective on February 19, 2025, the Company expects that effective as of the open of business
on March 3, 2025, its common stock and warrants, which trade on the New York Stock Exchange, will cease trading under the ticker symbols
FREY and FREY WS, respectively, and commence trading under the ticker symbols TE and TE
WS. 

T1 Energy Inc. News Release 1

About T1 Energy

T1 Energy Inc. (NYSE: FREY) is an energy solutions provider building
an integrated U.S. supply chain for solar and batteries. In December 2024, T1 completed a transformative transaction, positioning
the Company as one of the leading solar manufacturing companies in the U.S., with a complementary solar and battery storage strategy.
Based in the U.S. with plans to expand its operations in America, the Company is also exploring value optimization opportunities
across its portfolio of assets in Europe.

To learn more about T1, please visit www.T1energy.com and
follow on social media.

Investor contact:

Jeffrey Spittel

EVP, Investor Relations and Corporate Development

jeffrey.spittel@T1energy.com

Tel: +1 409 599-5706

Media contact:

Amy Jaick

SVP, Communications

amy.jaick@T1energy.com

Tel: +1 973 713-5585

T1 Energy Inc. News Release 2

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements:

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters
of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation with respect to the Companys operational
performance and profitability (including its strategic objective to become a vertically integrated U.S. solar + storage leader), the delivery
of clean, reliable energy at scale, creation of American jobs and bettering the U.S. communities in which we work, the timing of production
ramp of solar modules, progress on site selection and anticipated construction for G2 and the change of the ticker symbols. These forward-looking
statements are based on managements current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual future events, results, or achievements to be materially
different from the Companys expectations and projections expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in (i) FREYR Battery, Inc.s
post-effective amendment no. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on January 4, 2024, (ii) FREYR Battery, Inc.s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on September 8, 2023 and subsequent
amendments thereto filed on October 13, 2023, October 19, 2023 and October 31, 2023, and (iii) FREYR Battery, Inc.s annual report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024, and FREYR Battery, Inc.s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC
on May 8, August 9 and November 12, 2024, and available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this press release, and the
Company assumes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this
section, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

T1 intends to use its website as a channel of distribution to disclose
information which may be of interest or material to investors and to communicate with investors and the public. Such disclosures will
be included on T1s website in the Investor Relations sections. T1 also intends to use certain social media channels,
including, but not limited to, X and LinkedIn, as means of communicating with the public and investors about T1, its progress, products,
and other matters. While not all the information that T1 posts to its digital platforms may be deemed to be of a material nature, some
information may be. As a result, T1 encourages investors and others interested to review the information that it posts and to monitor
such portions of T1s website and social media channels on a regular basis, in addition to following T1s press releases,
SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of T1s website and other social media channels shall not be
deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

T1 Energy Inc. News Release 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>frey-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>frey-20250218_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>frey-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Common Stock at an exercise price for $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>frey-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 333-274434

Entity Registrant Name T1 Energy Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001992243

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-3205861

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1211 E 4th St.

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78702

City Area Code 409

Local Phone Number 599-5706

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name FREYR Battery, Inc.

Common Stock, $0.01 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol FREY

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Common Stock at an exercise price for $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Common Stock at an exercise price for $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol FREY WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FREY_CommonStock0.01ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FREY_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneCommonStockAtExercisePriceFor11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://freyrbattery.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231365-8k_freyrbat.htm 
frey-20250218.xsd 
frey-20250218_def.xml 
frey-20250218_lab.xml 
frey-20250218_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015030-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0231365-8k_freyrbat_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001992243 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

0001992243 

FREY:CommonStock0.01ParValueMember 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

0001992243 

FREY:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneCommonStockAtExercisePriceFor11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001992243 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
T1 Energy Inc. 
DE 
333-274434 
93-3205861 
1211 E 4th St. 
Austin 
TX 
78702 
409 
599-5706 
FREYR Battery, Inc. 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
FREY 
NYSE 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Common Stock at an exercise price for $11.50 per share 
FREY WS 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>