<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007267.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007267.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129171905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007267
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Bankruptcy or Receivership
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Container Store Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-HOME FURNITURE, FURNISHINGS & EQUIPMENT STORES [5700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				260565401
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0329

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36161
		FILM NUMBER:		25570345

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 Freeport Parkway
		CITY:			Coppell
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-538-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 Freeport Parkway
		CITY:			Coppell
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCS Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCS Holdings
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--03-29000141168800014116882025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 

the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 24, 2025

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36161 26-0565401

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

500 Freeport Parkway

Coppell,
TX75019

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(972) 538-6000

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share TCSGQ OTC Pink Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

As previously disclosed, on December 22, 2024,
The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Company) and certain of its domestic subsidiaries (collectively with the Company,
the Company Parties or the Debtors) commenced voluntary cases (the Chapter 11 Cases) in the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the Bankruptcy Court) under the provisions
of chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code.

On January 24, 2025, the Bankruptcy
Court entered an order, Docket No. 181 (the Confirmation Order), confirming the First Amended Prepackaged Joint
Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
Docket No. 165 (the Plan). A summary of the material terms of the Plan and related matters is contained in the
Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on
December 23, 2024. The summary describes only certain material provisions of the Plan, does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Plan. The Plan as confirmed is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

On January 28, 2025 (the Effective
Date), the Plan became effective and the Company emerged from the Chapter 11 Cases after completing a series of transactions through
which, among other things, all issued and outstanding shares of the Companys common stock were canceled and extinguished without
consideration.

Pursuant to the Plan, on the Effective Date, among
other things, (i) all previously issued and outstanding equity interests in the Company are cancelled, released, and extinguished,
and will be of no further force or effect, all for no consideration or distributions, (ii) the Company contributed 1,000 shares of
newly issued common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (such shares of common stock, the New Parent Shares),
as a contribution to the capital of The Container Store, Inc., a Texas corporation (TCS), and in exchange for no additional
shares of capital stock of TCS, (iii) TCS contributed all of the New Parent Shares to an entity newly formed by TCS., The Container
Store Holdings, LLC (Reorganized Parent), as a contribution to the capital of the Reorganized Parent, (iv) TCS distributed
(a) to the Holders (as defined in the Plan) of Allowed DIP Term Loan Claims (as defined in the Plan) (or, where applicable, their
respective designees under the Plan) (1) the Exit Term Loans (as defined in the Plan) and (2) 64% of the equity interests in
Reorganized Parent, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of, and in exchange for, such Allowed DIP Term
Loan Claims and (b) to the Holders of Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claims (as defined in the Plan) (or, where applicable, their
respective designees under the Plan) 36% of the equity interests in Reorganized Parent, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release,
and discharge of, and in exchange for, such Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claims, in each case of the foregoing, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Plan.

The Company intends to terminate its reporting
obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and continue as a private company.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material
Definitive Agreement.

Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreements

On the Effective Date, (a) the Companys
Senior Secured Super-Priority Priming Debtor-in-Possession Term Loan Credit Agreement (the DIP Term Facility) matured and
all outstanding loans thereunder (the DIP Term Loans) were converted into Exit Term Loans (as defined below), and (b) the
Companys Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-in-Possession Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement (the DIP ABL Facility)
matured and all outstanding loans thereunder (the DIP ABL Loans) were converted into Exit ABL Loans (as defined below).

New Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement

On the Effective Date, the Company Parties entered
into an exit term loan credit agreement (the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement) with the lenders under the DIP Term Facility
(the Exit Term Lenders), providing for approximately $115.1 million aggregate principal amount of exit term loans comprised
of (i) an amount of first-out exit term loans under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement equal to approximately $42.9 million were
deemed issued in exchange, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, for the full amount of first-out DIP Term Loans (including accrued and unpaid
interest and fees) (the First-Out Exit Term Loans) and (ii) an amount of second-out exit term loans under the Exit
Term Loan Credit Agreement equal to approximately $72.2 million were deemed issued in exchange, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, for the
full amount of second-out DIP Term Loans (including accrued interest and fees) (the Second-Out Exit Term Loans and, together
with the First-Out Exit Term Loans, the Exit Term Loans).

The Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement bears interest
at a percentage per annum equal to SOFR plus (x) with respect to any First-Out Exit Term Loans, 6.50% per annum payable monthly in
arrears, with up to 5.50% payable in-kind (subject to certain conditions) and (y) with respect to any Second-Out Exit Term Loans,
5.00% per annum, payable every 6 months, with up to 4.00% payable in-kind (or, with the consent of the majority Exit Term Lenders, fully
payable in-kind) and matures on (a) April 30, 2029 with respect to the First-Out Exit Term Loans and (b) July 30,
2029 with respect to the Second-Out Exit Term Loans. The loans and other obligations under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement are secured
by substantially all assets of the Company Parties (subject to customary exceptions), with a first-priority security interest on equipment,
real property, intellectual property, investment property and other fixed assets (and proceeds thereof) (the Term Priority Assets)
and a second-priority security interest on ABL Priority Assets (as defined below).

The foregoing summary of the Exit Term Loan Credit
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Exit Term Loan Credit
Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

New Exit Asset-Based Credit Agreement

On the Effective Date, the Company Parties entered
into an exit asset-based revolving credit agreement (the Exit ABL Credit Agreement) with the lender under the DIP ABL Facility,
providing for a $140 million aggregate revolving credit commitment, subject to a borrowing base as set forth in the Exit ABL Credit Agreement.
On the Effective Date, an amount of exit revolving loans under the Exit ABL Credit Agreement equal to approximately $84.9 million were
deemed issued in exchange, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, for the full amount of DIP ABL Loans (including accrued interest and fees).

The Exit ABL Credit Agreement bears interest at
a percentage per annum equal to SOFR plus 4.25% and matures on January 28, 2028.

The Exit ABL Loans are to be secured by substantially
all assets of the Company Parties (subject to customary exceptions), with a first-priority lien on inventory, accounts receivable (including
credit card receivables) and other working capital assets (and proceeds thereof) (the ABL Priority Assets) and a second-priority
lien on Term Priority Assets.

The foregoing summary of the Exit ABL Credit Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Exit ABL Credit Agreement, which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 Termination of
a Material Definitive Agreement.

Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Plan,
on the Effective Date, the obligations of the Company and the other Debtors under the following agreements were cancelled:

the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2012 (as amended), among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from
time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the related loan documents thereunder;

DIP Term Facility; and

DIP ABL Facility.

The material terms of the DIP Term Facility and
DIP ABL Facility were previously described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23,
2024, and the material terms of the Credit Agreement were previously described in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 28, 2024, filed with the SEC on October 30, 2024, and are incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
and Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.03 Bankruptcy or
Receivership.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
and Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding the Companys assets
and liabilities of as the most recent practicable date prior to the entry of the Confirmation Order is incorporated by reference to the
Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024, filed with the SEC on October 30,
2024.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

Upon the effectiveness of the Plan on the Effective
Date, all previously issued and outstanding equity interests in the Company were cancelled and new equity interests were issued pursuant
to the Plan, in accordance with the terms thereof, the Restructuring Transactions Steps Memorandum (as defined in the Plan), the Transaction
Support Agreement (as defined in the Plan), and certain other agreements.

The issuance of such new equity interests described
above was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 1145
of the Bankruptcy Code (which generally exempts from such registration requirements the issuance of securities under a plan of reorganization).

Item 3.03 Material Modifications
to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
and Items 1.01, 3.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note
and Item 1.03 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Upon the effectiveness of the Plan on the Effective Date, all previously
issued and outstanding equity interests in the Company were cancelled. Pursuant to the Plan, the lenders under the DIP Term Facility beneficially
own approximately 64% of the New Common Stock (as defined below), subject to dilution on account of a management incentive plans.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors
or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Resignation of Directors of the Company

Pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, the following members of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) resigned from their
roles as directors of the Company (and any committees of the Board thereof) effective as of the Effective Date (collectively, the Director
Resignations): (1) Lisa Klinger; (2) J. Kristofer Galashan; (3) Anthony Laday; (4) Nicole Otto; (5) Caryl
Stern; (6) Karen Stuckey; (7) Wendy Sturgis; and (8) Charles Tyson.

None of the directors resigned as a result of any
disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices.

Appointment of Director

On
the Effective Date and immediately following the Director Resignations, Jeffrey A. Miller was appointed as a director of the Company.
The Company is not aware of any transactions or relationships between Mr. Miller and the Company that would require disclosure under
Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. Satish Malhotra will continue to serve as a director of the Company. Information
regarding the board of directors of the Reorganized Parent is included in the Second Amended Plan Supplement to the First Amended
Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of the Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates under Chapter 11 Of the Bankruptcy
Code, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2.

Termination of Equity Plans

Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Plan,
on the Effective Date, the obligations of the Company and the other Debtors under all equity incentive plans of the Company and all documentation
related thereto, including options, restricted stock units, performance stock units, and other awards are being terminated.

The material terms of the Companys equity
plans were previously described in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024,
filed with the SEC on May 28, 2024

Item 5.03 Amendments to
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Upon the effectiveness of the Plan on the Effective
Date, the Company adopted a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Certificate of Incorporation) and
Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws). Capital Stock. The Companys authorized capital stock consists
of 5,000 shares, par value $0.01 per share New Common Stock).

Voting.
Each holder of shares of the New Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of the New Common Stock on all matters presented
to the stockholders of the Company, including the election of directors. Each director will be elected by a plurality vote. All other
matters at a meeting of stockholder where a quorum exists will be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote with respect to such
matter. Stockholders may act by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

Amendment
of the Bylaws. The Board is authorized and empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws, or to adopt new bylaws. The Bylaws
may also be amended or repealed, or new bylaws may also be made by the stockholders.

Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors will consist of such number determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. On
the Effective Date, the Board consisted of two members. The Bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board
at a duly called meeting may be taken by the unanimous written consent of the Board.

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that no director shall
be personally liable to the Company or the stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest
extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Certificate of Incorporation provides
for indemnification of the Companys directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by DGCL.

Exclusive
Forum. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery shall not have jurisdiction, another state or federal
court located within the state of Delaware) will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on the Companys behalf, (ii) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise holding any interest in shares
of capital stock of the Company will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing forum selection provisions.

The foregoing summary of the Certificate of Incorporation
and the Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

The
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Reorganized Parent is included in the Plan Supplement to the First
Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of the Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates under Chapter 11 Of
the Bankruptcy Code, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD
Disclosure.

In connection with its emergence from the Chapter
11 Cases, the Company issued a press release on the Effective Date, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current
Report and incorporated by reference herein.

The information contained in this Item 7.01, including
Exhibit 99.1, shall be deemed to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1 First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code

2.2 Plan Supplements to the First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of the Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates under Chapter 11 Of the Bankruptcy Code

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company

10.1 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, among The Container Store, Inc., as the borrower, The Container Store Group, Inc., as holdings, the other guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Acquiom Agency Services LLC (Acquiom), as co-administrative agent, and Seaport Loan Products LLC, as co-administrative agent, and Acquiom as collateral agent

10.2 Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, among The Container Store, Inc., as the borrower, The Container Store Group, Inc., as holdings, the other guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Eclipse Business Capital LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent

99.1 Press Release, dated January 28, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Forward Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in Current Report on Form 8-K
that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the termination
of reporting obligations and the Companys operations as a private company. These forward-looking statements are based on managements
current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements; and the other important factors discussed under the caption
Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, (the SEC)
on May 28, 2024, as updated by our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024, filed
with the SEC on October 30, 2024 and our other filings with the SEC. These factors could cause actual results to differ materially
from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Any such forward-looking statements
represent managements estimates as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. While we may elect to update such forward-looking
statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

Date: January 29, 2025 By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Jeffrey A. Miller

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 

HOUSTON DIVISION

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In re:

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC., et al.,

Debtors.1

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

x

:

:

:

:

:

:

:

x 

Chapter 11

Case No. 24-90627 (ARP)

(Jointly Administered)

FIRST AMENDED PREPACKAGED
JOINT PLAN OF REORGANIZATION 

OF THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP,
INC. AND ITS DEBTOR 

AFFILIATES UNDER CHAPTER 11
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II
(Texas Bar No. 24012503)

Ashley L. Harper (Texas Bar No. 24065272)

Philip M. Guffy (Texas Bar No. 24113705)

600 Travis Street, Suite 4200

Houston, TX 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: taddavidson@HuntonAK.com

ashleyharper@HuntonAK.com

pguffy@HuntonAK.com

LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

George A. Davis (NY Bar No. 2401214)

Hugh Murtagh (NY Bar No. 3161759)

Tianjiao (TJ) Li (NY Bar No. 5689567)

Jonathan J. Weichselbaum (NY Bar No. 5676143)

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Telephone: (212) 906-1200

Email: george.davis@lw.com

hugh.murtagh@lw.com

tj.li@lw.com

jon.weichselbaum@lw.com

Ted A. Dillman (CA Bar No. 258499)

355 South Grand Avenue, Suite 100

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Telephone: (213) 485-1234

Email: ted.dillman@lw.com

Dated: January 23, 2025

Houston, Texas Proposed
Counsel for the Debtors and Debtors in Possession

1 

The Debtors in these cases, together
with the last four digits of each Debtors taxpayer identification number, are: The Container
Store Group, Inc. (5401); The Container Store, Inc. (6981); C Studio Manufacturing Inc. (4763); C
Studio Manufacturing LLC (5770); and TCS Gift Card Services, LLC (7975). The Debtors mailing
address is 500 Freeport Parkway, Coppell, Texas 75019.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I. DEFINED TERMS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION 1

A. Defined Terms 1

B. Rules of Interpretation 19

C. Consent Rights 20

D. Appendices and Plan Supplement 20

E. Deemed Acts 20

Article II. ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS, DIP CLAIMS, PRIORITY TAX CLAIMS, OTHER PRIORITY CLAIMS, AND UNITED STATES TRUSTEE STATUTORY FEES 20

A. Administrative Claims 21

B. DIP Claims 22

C. Priority Tax Claims 23

D. Other Priority Claims 23

E. United States Trustee Statutory Fees 23

F. Restructuring Fees and Expenses 23

G. Post-Effective Date Fees and Expenses 24

Article III. CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS 24

A. Classification of Claims 24

B. Treatment of Claims and Interests 25

C. Acceptance or Rejection of this Plan 28

D. Confirmation Pursuant to Section 1129(a)(10) and 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code 29

E. Subordinated Claims 29

F. Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims 29

G. Vacant and Abstaining Classes 30

H. Controversy Concerning Impairment 30

I. Intercompany Interests and Intercompany Claims 30

J. Disputed Claims Process 30

Article IV. MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS PLAN 31

A. General Settlement of Claims and Interests 31

B. Restructuring Transactions 31

C. Corporate Existence 32

D. Vesting of Assets in the Reorganized Debtors Free and Clear of Liens and Claims 32

E. Cancellation of Existing Agreements and Existing Equity Interests 33

F. Sources for Plan Distributions and Transfers of Funds Among Debtors 34

G. Exit Facilities and Exit Facilities Documents 35

H. Issuance of New Equity Interests and Deregistration 35

I. Exemption from Registration Requirements 36

J. New Organizational Documents 37

K. Release of Liens and Claims 38

L. Exemption from Certain Taxes and Fees 38

M. Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors 38

N. Preservation of Causes of Action 39

O. Corporate Action 40

P. Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement 40

Q. Effectuating Documents; Further Transactions 41

R. Authority of the Debtors 41

S. No Substantive Consolidation 41

T. Continuing Effectiveness of Final Orders 41

U. Modifications to Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 41

Article V. TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; EMPLOYEE BENEFITS; AND INSURANCE POLICIES 41

A. Assumption of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 41

B. Payments on Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 43

C. Claims Based on Rejection of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases 43

D. Contracts and Leases Entered into After the Petition Date 43

E. Reservation of Rights 44

F. Directors and Officers Insurance Policies 44

G. Other Insurance Contracts 44

H. Indemnification Provisions and Reimbursement Obligations 45

I. Employee Compensation and Benefits 45

Article VI. PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS 46

A. Timing and Calculation of Amounts to Be Distributed 46

B. Special Rules for Distributions to Holders of Disputed Claims 46

C. Rights and Powers of Distribution Agent 46

D. Delivery of Distributions 47

E. Compliance with Tax Requirements; Allocations 48

F. Applicability of Insurance Contracts 49

G. Allocation of Distributions Between Principal and Interest 49

H. No Postpetition Interest on Claims 49

I. Means of Cash Payment 50

J. Setoffs and Recoupment 50

K. Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties 50

Article VII. PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING CONTINGENT, UNLIQUIDATED, AND DISPUTED CLAIMS 51

A. No Filings of Proofs of Claim 51

B. Allowance and Disallowance of Claims 52

C. Claims Administration Responsibilities 52

D. Adjustment to Claims or Interests without Objection 53

E. Distributions After Allowance 53

Article VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE 53

A. Conditions Precedent to the Effective Date 53

B. Waiver of Conditions 56

C. Effect of Non-Occurrence of Conditions to the Effective Date 56

D. Substantial Consummation 56

Article IX. DISCHARGE, RELEASE, INJUNCTION, AND RELATED PROVISIONS 56

A. Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests 56

B. Releases by the Debtors 57

C. Releases by Holders of Claims and Interests 58

D. Exculpation 59

E. Permanent Injunction 60

F. SEC Reservation of Rights 61

Article X. RETENTION OF JURISDICTION 61

Article XI. MODIFICATION, REVOCATION, OR WITHDRAWAL OF PLAN 63

A. Modification of Plan 63

B. Effect of Confirmation on Modifications 64

C. Revocation of Plan; Reservation of Rights if Effective Date Does Not Occur 64

2

Article XII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 64

A. Immediate Binding Effect 64

B. Additional Documents 65

C. Payment of United States Trustee Statutory Fees 65

D. Reservation of Rights 65

E. Successors and Assigns 65

F. No Successor Liability 65

G. Service of Documents 67

H. Term of Injunctions or Stays 67

I. Entire Agreement 67

J. Governing Law 67

K. Exhibits 67

L. Nonseverability of Plan Provisions upon Confirmation 67

M. Closing of Chapter 11 Cases 68

N. Conflicts 68

O. No Strict Construction 68

P. Section 1125(e) Good Faith Compliance 68

Q. 2002 Notice Parties 68

3

PREPACKAGED JOINT PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OF
THE CONTAINER STORE 

GROUP, INC. AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE

BANKRUPTCY CODE

The Container Store Group,
Inc. and each of the other debtors and debtors-in-possession in the above-captioned cases (collectively, the Debtors)
propose this Plan (as defined herein) for the treatment and resolution of the outstanding Claims against, and Interests in, the Debtors.
Capitalized terms used in this Plan and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Article I.A.

Although proposed jointly
for administrative purposes, this Plan constitutes a separate Plan for each Debtor for the treatment and resolution of outstanding Claims
and Interests therein pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors seek to consummate the Restructuring Transactions on the Effective
Date of this Plan. Each Debtor is a proponent of this Plan within the meaning of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. The classifications
of Claims and Interests set forth in Article III shall be deemed to apply separately with respect to each Plan proposed by each
Debtor, as applicable. This Plan does not contemplate substantive consolidation of any of the Debtors.

Reference is made to the
Disclosure Statement for a discussion of the Debtors history, businesses, results of operations, historical financial information,
projections, and future operations, as well as a summary and analysis of this Plan and certain related matters, including distributions
to be made under this Plan. There also are other agreements and documents, which shall be filed with the Bankruptcy Court, that are referenced
in this Plan, the Plan Supplement, or the Disclosure Statement as exhibits and schedules. All such exhibits and schedules are incorporated
into and are a part of this Plan as if set forth in full herein. Subject to certain restrictions and requirements set forth in 11 U.S.C.
1127, Fed. R. Bankr. P. 3019, and the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement and this Plan, the Debtors
reserve the right to alter, amend, modify, revoke, or withdraw this Plan before its substantial consummation.

ALL HOLDERS OF CLAIMS
ENTITLED TO VOTE ON THIS PLAN ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS PLAN AND THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE VOTING TO ACCEPT
OR REJECT THIS PLAN.

Article I.

DEFINED TERMS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

A. Defined Terms

The following terms shall
have the following meanings when used in capitalized form herein:

1.Ad Hoc Group means that certain ad hoc group of Holders of Prepetition Term Loan Claims advised by
the Ad Hoc Group Advisors, as may be reconstituted from time to time.

2.Ad Hoc Group Advisors means Paul Hastings LLP, AlixPartners, LLP, Greenhill & Co., LLC., and such
other professional advisors as are retained by the Ad Hoc Group with the consent of the Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

3.Administrative Claim means a Claim for costs and expenses of administration under sections 503(b),
507(b), or 1114(e)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, including: (a) the actual and necessary costs and expenses incurred on or after the
Petition Date and through the Effective Date of preserving the Estates and operating the businesses of the Debtors; (b) Professional
Fee Claims, to the extent Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court; (c) all fees and charges assessed against the Estates under chapter 123
of title 28 United States Code, 28 U.S.C. 1911-1930; (d) Cure Costs; and (e) Restructuring Fees and Expenses, in accordance
with the Transaction Support Agreement or the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, as applicable; provided, that the foregoing clauses
(a) through (e) shall not be interpreted as enlarging the scope of sections 503(b), 507(b), or 1114(e)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. For
the purposes of treatment and distributions under the Plan, if the Transaction Support Agreement remains effective, the DIP Claims shall
be subject to Article II(B).

4.Affiliate means, with respect to any Entity, all Entities that would fall within the definition of
an affiliate as such term is defined in section 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. With respect to any Entity that is not a
Debtor, the term Affiliate shall apply to such Entity as if the Entity were a Debtor.

5.Agents means, collectively, the Prepetition Agents, the DIP Agents, and the Exit Facility Agents,
in each case including any successors thereto.

6.Allowed means with respect to any Claim or Interest (or any portion thereof): (a) any Claim or
Interest as to which no objection to allowance, priority, or secured status, and no request for estimation or other challenge, including
pursuant to section 502(d) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, has been interposed (either in the Bankruptcy Court or in the ordinary
course of business) on or before any applicable period of limitation under applicable law or such other applicable period of limitation
fixed by the Bankruptcy Court; (b) any Claim or Interest as to which the liability of the Debtors and the amount thereof are determined
by a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court or a court of competent jurisdiction other than the Bankruptcy Court, either before or after
the Effective Date, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders; or (c) any Claim or Interest expressly deemed
Allowed by this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (x) any Claim or Interest that is expressly disallowed pursuant to this Plan shall
not be Allowed unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court; (y) unless otherwise specified in this Plan, the Allowed amount of Claims
shall be subject to and shall not exceed the limitations under or maximum amounts permitted by the Bankruptcy Code, including sections
502 or 503 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent applicable; and (z) the Reorganized Debtors shall retain all claims and defenses with
respect to Allowed Claims that are reinstated or otherwise Unimpaired pursuant to this Plan. Allow, Allows,
and Allowing shall have correlative meanings.

7.Assumed Employee Agreements means all existing employment agreements between the Debtors and employees
of the Debtors as of the Petition Date (other than awards of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other equity
awards, equity or equity-based incentive plans, employee stock purchase plans, and any other agreements or awards).

8.Avoidance Actions means any and all actual or potential avoidance, recovery, subordination, or similar
actions or remedies that may be brought by or on behalf of the Debtors or the Estates under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy
law, including actions or remedies arising under chapter 5 and section 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code of the Bankruptcy Code or under
similar or related local, state, federal, or foreign statutes and common law, including fraudulent transfer laws, fraudulent conveyance
laws, or other similar related laws, in each case whether or not litigation to prosecute such Claim(s) and Cause(s) of Action was commenced
prior to the Effective Date.

9.Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101-1532, as amended
from time to time and as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases.

10.Bankruptcy Court means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston
Division, or such other court having jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases.

2

11.Bankruptcy Rules means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure as promulgated by the United States
Supreme Court under section 2075 of title 28 of the United States Code, 28 U.S.C. 2075, as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases,
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases or any proceedings therein, and the general, local, and chambers
rules of the Bankruptcy Court, in each case as amended from time to time and as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases.

12.Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday (as that
term is defined in Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a)), on which commercial banks are open for commercial business with the public in New York
City, New York.

13.Cash means the legal tender of the United States of America or the equivalent thereof.

14.Cash Collateral has the meaning set forth in section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

15.Causes of Action means any action, Claim, cross-claim, third-party claim, cause of action, controversy,
dispute demand, right, Lien, indemnity, contribution, interest, guaranty, suit, obligation, liability, lost, debt, fee or expense, damage,
judgment, account, defense, offset, power, privilege, proceeding, franchise, remedy, and license of any kind or character whatsoever,
whether known or unknown, contingent or non-contingent, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or unliquidated, disputed
or undisputed, secured or unsecured, assertable directly or derivatively (including any alter ego theories), whether arising before,
on, or after the Petition Date, as applicable, in contract or in tort, in law (whether local, state, or federal U.S. or non-U.S. law)
or in equity, or pursuant to any other theory of local, state, or federal U.S. or non-U.S. law. For the avoidance of doubt, Causes
of Action include: (a) any right of setoff, counterclaim, or recoupment; (b) any Claim based on or relating to, or in
any manner arising from, in whole or in part, tort, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, actual or constructive fraudulent transfer
or fraudulent conveyance or voidable transaction or similar law, violation of local, state, or federal or non-U.S. law or breach of any
duty imposed by law or in equity, including securities laws, negligence, and gross negligence; (c) any Claim pursuant to section
362 or chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code or similar local, state, or federal U.S. or non-U.S. law; (d) any Claim or defense
including fraud, mistake, duress, and usury, and any other defenses set forth in section 558 of the Bankruptcy Code; (e) any Avoidance
Actions relating to or arising from any state or foreign law pertaining to any Avoidance Action, including preferential transfer, actual
or constructive fraudulent transfer, fraudulent conveyance, or similar Claim; (f) the right to object to or otherwise contest Claims
or Interests; and (g) any lender liability or equitable subordination Claims or defenses.

16.Chapter 11 Cases means (a) when used with reference to a particular Debtor, the voluntary case Filed
for that Debtor under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court and (b) when used with reference to all Debtors,
the jointly administered chapter 11 cases for all of the Debtors.

17.Claim means any claim, as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code. Except where otherwise
provided in context, Claim refers to such a claim against any of the Debtors.

18.Claims Register means the official register of Claims and Interests maintained by the Notice and Claims
Agent.

19.Class means a category of Claims or Interests as set forth in Article III pursuant to section
1122(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

20.Combined Hearing means the hearing conducted by the Bankruptcy Court to consider the final approval
of the Disclosure Statement and final Confirmation of this Plan, as such hearing may be adjourned or continued from time to time.

3

21.Combined Order means the order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the Disclosure Statement pursuant
to sections 1125, 1126(b), and 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code and confirming this Plan pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code,
which order shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of the Transaction Support Agreement and otherwise in form and substance
acceptable to the Debtors and the Required Consenting Term Lenders.

22.Compensation and Benefits Programs means all employment, confidentiality, and non-competition agreements,
bonus, gainshare, and incentive programs (other than awards of equity interests, stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
warrants, rights, convertible, exercisable, or exchangeable securities, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights, redemption rights,
profits interests, equity-based awards, or contractual rights to purchase or acquire equity interest at any time and all rights arising
with respect thereto), vacation, holiday pay, severance, retirement, savings, supplemental retirement, executive retirement, pension,
deferred compensation, medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, flexible spending account, and other health and welfare
benefit plans, employee expense reimbursement, and other compensation and benefit obligations of the Debtors, and all amendments and
modifications thereto, applicable to the Debtors employees, former employees, retirees, and non-employee directors and the employees,
former employees, and retirees of their subsidiaries.

23.Confirmation means the entry of the Combined Order or any Final Order Confirming the Plan entered
by the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases.

24.Confirmation Date means the date on which Confirmation occurs.

25.Consenting Stakeholders means, collectively, the Consenting Stockholders and Consenting Term Lenders.

26.Consenting Stockholders means Holders (or beneficial holders) of, or nominees, investment managers,
investment advisors, or subadvisors to or managers of funds, accounts and/or subaccounts that beneficially hold, or trustees of trusts
that beneficially hold, Existing Equity Interests that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to the Transaction Support
Agreement, or signature pages to a Joinder or Transfer Agreement (as applicable), to counsel to the Debtors and the Ad Hoc Group Advisors.

27.Consenting Term Lenders means Holders (or beneficial holders) of, or nominees, investment managers,
investment advisors, or subadvisors to or managers of funds, accounts and/or subaccounts that beneficially hold, or trustees of trusts
that beneficially hold, outstanding Prepetition Term Loan Claims that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to the
Transaction Support Agreement, or signature pages to a Joinder or Transfer Agreement (as applicable), to counsel to the Debtors and the
Ad Hoc Group Advisors.

28.Cure Cost means any and all amounts, including an amount of $0.00, required to cure any monetary defaults
under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease (or such lesser amount as may be agreed upon by the parties under an Executory Contract
or Unexpired Lease) that is to be assumed by the Debtors pursuant to sections 365 or 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code.

29.D&O Insurance Policies means, collectively, all insurance policies (including any tail
coverage and all agreements, documents, or instruments related thereto) issued at any time to, or providing coverage to, any of
the Debtors or any of the Debtors current or former directors, members, managers, or officers for alleged Wrongful Acts (as defined
in the D&O Insurance Policies), or similarly defined triggering acts, in their capacity as such.

4

30.Debtor Release means the releases set forth in Article IX.B.

31.Debtors has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Plan.

32.Definitive Documents means all of the definitive documents necessary to implement the Restructuring
Transactions set forth in Section 3.01 of the Transaction Support Agreement, and, in each case, any amendments, modifications, and supplements
thereto and any related notes, certificates, agreements, documents, and instruments (as applicable), including, but not limited to: (a)
this Plan and all documentation necessary to consummate this Plan, including the Plan Supplement, the Disclosure Statement, the Solicitation
Procedures Motion, the Solicitation Procedures Order, the Solicitation Materials, and the Combined Order (including any exhibits or supplements
filed with respect to each of the foregoing); (b) the DIP Facilities Documents (including the DIP/Cash Collateral Motion and the DIP/Cash
Collateral Orders); (c) the Exit Facilities Documents; (d) the New Organizational Documents; (e) the Restructuring Transaction Steps
Memorandum; and (f) all other customary documents delivered in connection with transactions of this type (including any and all
material documents, Bankruptcy Court or other judicial or regulatory orders, amendments, supplements, pleadings (including the First
Day Pleadings and all orders sought pursuant thereto), motions, filings, exhibits, schedules, appendices, or modifications to any of
the foregoing and any related notes, certificates, agreements, and instruments (as applicable) necessary to implement the Restructuring
Transactions), which in each case shall be subject to the consent rights set forth in Section 3.02 of the Transaction Support Agreement.

33.DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter means the debtor-in-possession revolving credit facility and
exit revolving credit facility commitment letter attached as Exhibit 5 to the Transaction Term Sheet (including all annexes, exhibits,
schedules and other attachments thereto).

34.DIP ABL Credit Agreement means that certain Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Revolving
Credit Agreement in respect of the DIP ABL Credit Facility, substantially in the form attached to the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter,
as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented for time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

35.DIP ABL Credit Facility means the debtor-in-possession revolving credit facility provided by the DIP
ABL Lenders.

36.DIP ABL Credit Facility Documents means the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment
Letter, and the DIP ABL Credit Agreement, together with all other related documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the DIP
Term Loan Facility, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof.

37.DIP ABL Lender means Eclipse Business Capital LLC.

38.DIP ABL Loan Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC as the administrative agent and collateral agent
under the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.

39.DIP ABL Loan Agent Advisors means Riemer & Braunstein LLP and Frost Brown Todd LLP and such other
professional advisors as are retained by the DIP ABL Loan Agent with the consent of the Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

40.DIP ABL Loan Claims means any Claim on account of loans and any other obligations arising under or
pursuant to the DIP ABL Credit Agreement.

5

41.DIP Agents means, the DIP ABL Loan Agent and the DIP Term Loan Agent, collectively.

42.DIP Backstop Allocation Schedule means the backstop allocation schedule in respect of the DIP Term
Loan Facility attached as Exhibit 1 to the Transaction Term Sheet.

43.DIP Backstop Parties means certain Consenting Term Lenders set forth on the DIP Backstop Allocation
Schedule that have agreed to backstop and fund the full amount of the DIP Term Loan Facility.

44.DIP Budget means the budget for use of the DIP Term Loans, as approved by the Required DIP Term Lenders.

45.DIP Claims means (i) DIP ABL Loan Claims and (ii) DIP Term Loan Claims.

46.DIP Commitment Premium means the Pro Rata Share of a commitment premium that each DIP Term Lender
receives in exchange for the DIP Term Lenders commitments to fund the New Money DIP Term Loans, which shall equal two percent
(2%) of New Money DIP Term Loans paid in kind in the form of New Money DIP Term Loans; provided, that any interest on additional
DIP Term Loans payable as part of the DIP Commitment Premium shall be payable in kind. The DIP Commitment Premium shall be earned upon
the entry of the Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order, and thereafter constitute DIP Term Loan Claims.

47.DIP Credit Agreements means (i) the DIP ABL Credit Agreement and (ii) the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement.

48.DIP Equity Premium means the pro rata share, based on such Holders ratable share of the First-Out
DIP Term Loans (as defined in the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders), of an equity premium that each DIP Term Lender receives in exchange for
the DIP Term Lenders agreement to fund the DIP Term Loan Facility and convert the full amounts of DIP Term Loans (including accrued
and unpaid interest) outstanding as of the Effective Date into Exit Term Loans, which shall equal sixty-four percent (64%) of the New
Equity Interests, subject to dilution by the Management Incentive Plan. The DIP Equity Premium shall be earned on the entry of the Final
DIP/Cash Collateral Order and payable on the Effective Date and conversion of such DIP Term Loans to Exit Term Loans.

49.DIP Facilities means (i) the DIP Term Loan Facility and (ii) the DIP ABL Credit Facility.

50.DIP Facilities Documents means the DIP Term Loan Facility Documents and the DIP ABL Credit Facility
Documents, including the Fronting Letter, DIP/Cash Collateral Motions, the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, DIP Budget and the DIP Credit
Agreements, together with all other related documents, instruments, and agreements delivered or entered into in respect of the DIP Facilities,
including, without limitation, any payoff letter in respect of the Prepetition ABL Facility, any guarantee agreements, pledge and collateral
agreements, intercreditor agreements, and other security documents, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified,
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

51.DIP Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning assigned in the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders.

6

52.DIP Put Option Premium means the Pro Rata Share of a backstop premium that each of the DIP Backstop
Parties is entitled to receive in exchange for its agreement to backstop the New Money DIP Term Loans, which shall equal five percent
(5%) of the New Money DIP Term Loans paid in kind in the form of New Money DIP Term Loans. The DIP Put Option Premium shall be earned
on the date of execution of the Transaction Support Agreement, but subject to the entry of the Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order, and
thereafter constitute DIP Term Loan Claims.

53.DIP Roll-Up Term Loan Claim means any Claim arising under or related to the DIP Roll-Up Term Loans.

54.DIP Roll-Up Term Loans means the refinanced, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, Prepetition Term Loans
in an original aggregate principal amount of $75 million under the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement.

55.DIP Term Lenders means the lenders holding the DIP Term Loans.

56.DIP Term Loan Agent means either Acquiom Agency Services LLC as co-administrative agent or Seaport
Loan Products LLC, as co-administrative agent and Acquiom Agency Services LLC as collateral agent under the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement,
and any successors, assignees, or delegees thereof.

57.DIP Term Loan Agent Advisors means Paul Hastings LLP and such other professional advisors as are retained
by the DIP Term Loan Agent with the consent of the Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

58.DIP Term Loan Claim means any and all Claims on account of, arising from, arising under, or related
to the DIP Term Loan Facility, the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement, or the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, including Claims for the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of, plus unpaid interest on, the DIP Term Loans, and all fees (including the DIP Put Option Premium and
the DIP Commitment Premium) and other expenses related thereto and arising and payable under the DIP Term Loan Facility, including the
DIP Roll-Up Term Loan Claims and the New Money DIP Term Loan Claims.

59.DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement means that certain Senior Secured Super-Priority Priming Term Loan
Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement in respect of the DIP Term Loan Facility, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified,
or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

60.DIP Term Loan Facility means the senior secured debtor-in-possession credit facility provided by the
DIP Term Lenders under the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement.

61.DIP Term Loan Facility Documents means the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement,
and DIP Intercreditor Agreement together with all other related documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the DIP Term Loan
Facility, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof.

62.DIP Term Loans means the New Money DIP Term Loans and the DIP Roll-Up Term Loans.

63.DIP/Cash Collateral Motion means the motion(s) seeking approval of the Debtors use of Cash
Collateral and requesting approval to obtain the DIP Facilities on terms substantially the same as those set forth in the Transaction
Support Agreement (including the term sheets attached thereto) and the DIP Facilities Documents.

7

64.DIP/Cash Collateral Orders means, together, the Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order and Final DIP/Cash
Collateral Order.

65.Disclosure Statement means the disclosure statement for this Plan, including all exhibits and schedules
thereto, as amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time in a manner acceptable to the Debtors and Required Consenting Term Lenders,
that is prepared and distributed in accordance with sections 1125, 1126(b), and 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rule 3018, and
other applicable law.

66.Disputed means, with respect to any Claim or Interest, except as otherwise provided herein, a Claim
or Interest that is not yet Allowed, but has not yet been disallowed pursuant to this Plan, the Bankruptcy Code, or a Final Order by
the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction.

67.Distribution Agent means the Reorganized Debtors or any party designated by the Debtors or Reorganized
Debtors to serve as distribution agent under this Plan.

68.Distribution Record Date means, other than with respect to publicly held securities, the date for
determining which Holders of Claims are eligible to receive distributions under this Plan on account of Allowed Claims, which date shall
be the Confirmation Date or such other date agreed to by the Debtors and the Required DIP Term Lenders, subject to Article VIII.

69.DTC means the Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto.

70.Effective Date means the date on which all conditions specified in Article VIII.A have been
(a) satisfied or (b) waived pursuant to Article VIII.B. Any action to be taken on the Effective Date may be taken on
or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter with the consent of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Term Lenders.

71.Entity means an entity as defined in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code.

72.Estate means, as to each Debtor, the estate created for such Debtor in its Chapter 11 Case pursuant
to section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code.

73.Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or hereafter amended, or
any regulations promulgated thereunder.

74.Exculpated Party means each Debtor.

75.Executory Contract means a contract to which one or more of the Debtors is a party that is subject
to assumption or rejection under sections 365 or 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, other than an Unexpired Lease.

76.Existing Equity Interest means any issued, unissued, authorized, or outstanding shares or common stock,
preferred shares, or other instrument evidencing an ownership interest in the Parent, whether or not transferable, together with any
warrants, equity-based awards, or contractual rights to purchase or acquire such equity interests (including under any employment or
benefits agreement) at any time and all rights arising with respect thereto that existed immediately before the Effective Date. For the
avoidance of doubt, Existing Equity Interests include any equity interests issued to Parents current or former employees and non-employee
directors, various forms of long-term incentive compensation, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares/units, incentive awards, cash awards, and other stock-based awards, in each case, whether vested or unvested.

8

77.Exit ABL Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its capacity as the agent under the senior secured
asset-based revolving credit facility under the Exit ABL Credit Agreement.

78.Exit ABL Credit Agreement means the credit agreement between Reorganized Parent or its subsidiaries
or Affiliates, as applicable, and the lenders party thereto to effectuate the issuance of the Exit ABL Loans.

79.Exit ABL Loans means loans under the senior secured asset based revolving credit facility under the
Exit ABL Credit Agreement.

80.Exit Facilities means the facilities under which the Exit ABL Loans and Exit Term Loans shall be issued.

81.Exit Facilities Documents means the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter, Exit Term Loan Documents,
and Exit Intercreditor Agreement, together with all other related documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the Exit Facilities,
in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

82.Exit Facility Agent Advisors means Paul Hastings LLP and such other professional advisors as are retained
by the Exit Facility Agents with the consent of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

83.Exit Facility Agents means the Exit ABL Agent and the Exit Term Loan Agent.

84.Exit Intercreditor Agreement means the intercreditor agreement(s) to be effective as of the Effective
Date relating to the Exit Facilities, which may be the Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement or be substantially similar to the Prepetition
Intercreditor Agreement.

85.Exit Term Lenders means the lenders holding the Exit Term Loans.

86.Exit Term Loan Agent means Acquiom Agency Services LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent and
collateral agent under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement and any replacement or successor agent thereto.

87.Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement means the credit agreement between Reorganized Parent or its subsidiaries
or Affiliates, as applicable, and the lenders party thereto to effectuate the issuance of the Exit Term Loans.

88.Exit Term Loan Documents means the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement and together with all other related
documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the Exit Term Loans, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, or supplemented
from time to time.

89.Exit Term Loans means First-Out Exit Term Loans and Second-Out Exit Term Loans.

90.File or Filed or Filing means file, filed,
or filing, respectively, with the Bankruptcy Court or its authorized designee in the Chapter 11 Cases.

9

91.Final DIP/Cash Collateral Order means any order (and all exhibit and schedules thereto, including
any budget) entered by the Bankruptcy Court on a final basis: (a) approving the DIP Facilities, the DIP Facilities Documents, and the
DIP/Cash Collateral Motion; (b) authorizing the Debtors use of Cash Collateral; and (c) providing for adequate protection of secured
creditors.

92.Final Order means an order entered by the Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction:
(a) that has not been reversed, stayed, modified, amended, or revoked, and as to which (i) any right to appeal or seek leave to appeal,
certiorari, review, reargument, stay, or rehearing has been waived or (ii) the time to appeal or seek leave to appeal, certiorari, review,
reargument, stay, or rehearing has expired and no appeal, motion for leave to appeal, or petition for certiorari, review, reargument,
stay, or rehearing is pending or (b) as to which an appeal has been taken, a motion for leave to appeal, or petition for certiorari,
review, reargument, stay, or rehearing has been filed and (i) such appeal, motion for leave to appeal or petition for certiorari, review,
reargument, stay, or rehearing has been resolved by the highest court to which the order or judgment was appealed or from which leave
to appeal, certiorari, review, reargument, stay, or rehearing was sought and (ii) the time to appeal (in the event leave is granted)
further or seek leave to appeal, certiorari, further review, reargument, stay, or rehearing has expired and no such appeal, motion for
leave to appeal, or petition for certiorari, further review, reargument, stay, or rehearing is pending; provided, that the possibility
that a motion under Rule 59 or Rule 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any analogous rule under the Bankruptcy Rules, may
be filed with respect to such order shall not preclude such order from being a Final Order.

93.First Day Pleadings means any petition, motion, application, or proposed order filed at the commencement
of the Chapter 11 Cases that the Debtors determine are necessary or desirable to file with the Bankruptcy Court.

94.First-Out Exit Term Loans means term loans under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement comprising converted
New Money DIP Term Loans (inclusive of DIP Term Loans paid as part of the DIP Put Option Premium and the DIP Commitment Premium).

95.Fronting Letter means the fronting letter with the fronting bank regarding the seasoning or syndication
process.

96.General Administrative Claim means any Administrative Claim, other than a Professional Fee Claim,
a Claim for Restructuring Fees and Expenses (in accordance with the Transaction Support Agreement or the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders,
as applicable), a DIP Claim, or a Claim for fees and charges assessed against the Estates under chapter 123 of title 28 United States
Code, 28 U.S.C. 1911-1930.

97.General Unsecured Claim means any Unsecured Claim including (a) Claims arising from the rejection
of Unexpired Leases or Executory Contracts (if any) and (b) Claims arising from any litigation or other court, administrative, or
regulatory proceeding, including damages or judgments entered against, or settlement amounts owing by a Debtor in connection therewith.

98.Governance Term Sheet means the term sheet setting forth the preliminary material terms in respect
of the corporate governance of Reorganized Parent to be included in the Plan Supplement, including all exhibits and schedules thereto,
as it may be altered, amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement.

99.Governmental Unit means a governmental unit as defined in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code.

10

100.Holder means an Entity holding a Claim or Interest, as applicable.

101.Impaired means, with respect to any Claim or Interest, a Claim or Interest that is impaired
within the meaning of section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code.

102.Indemnification Provisions means each of the Debtors indemnification provisions in effect as
of the Petition Date, whether in the Debtors memoranda and articles of association, bylaws, certificates of incorporation, other
formation documents, board resolutions, management or indemnification agreements, employment contracts, or otherwise providing a basis
for any obligation of a Debtor to indemnify, defend, reimburse, or limit the liability of, or to advance fees and expenses to, any of
the Debtors current and former directors, officers, equity holders, managers, members, employees, accountants, investment bankers,
attorneys, and other professionals of the Debtors, and each of the foregoing solely in their capacity as such.

103.Insurance Contracts means (a) any and all insurance policies issued at any time to, or that otherwise
may provide or may have provided coverage to, any of the Debtors, regardless of whether the insurance policies were issued to a Debtor
or to a Debtors prior Affiliates, subsidiaries, or parents or otherwise, or to any of their predecessors, successors, or assigns;
(b) any and all agreements, documents, surety bonds, or other instruments relating thereto, including any and all agreements with a third
party administrator for claims handling, risk control or related services, any and all D&O Insurance Policies, and any and all Workers
Compensation Contracts; and (c) any and all collateral documents and security agreements securing the Debtors obligations under
the insurance policies, including, without limitation, escrow accounts, deposit accounts, Cash Collateral, and letters of credit. For
the avoidance of doubt, Insurance Contracts include any insurance policies issued at any time to the Debtors prior Affiliates,
subsidiaries, and parents or otherwise, or to any of their predecessors, successors, or assigns, under which Debtors had, have, or may
have any rights solely to the extent of the Debtors rights thereunder.

104.Insurer means any company or other Entity that issued or entered into an Insurance Contract (including
any third-party administrator) and any respective predecessors and/or Affiliates thereof.

105.Intercompany Claim means a prepetition Claim held by a Debtor or Non-Debtor Affiliate against a Debtor.

106.Intercompany Interest means any issued, unissued, authorized, or outstanding shares of common stock,
preferred stock, or other instrument evidencing an ownership interest in any Debtor other than the Parent, whether or not transferable,
together with any warrants, equity-based awards, or contractual rights to purchase or acquire such equity interests at any time and all
rights arising with respect thereto that existed immediately before the Effective Date.

107.Interests means any equity security within the meaning of section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code,
including, collectively, the shares (or any class thereof), common stock, preferred stock, limited liability company interests, membership
interests, and any other equity, ownership, or profits interests in any Debtor, and options, warrants, rights, stock appreciation rights,
phantom units, incentives, commitments, calls, redemption rights, repurchase rights, or other securities or arrangements to acquire or
subscribe for, or which are convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, the shares (or any class thereof) of, common stock,
preferred stock, limited liability company interests, membership interests, or any other equity, ownership, or profits interests in any
Debtor or its Affiliates and subsidiaries (in each case whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment agreement).

108.Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order means any order (and all exhibit and schedules thereto, including
any budget) entered by the Bankruptcy Court on an interim basis: (a) approving the DIP Facilities, the DIP Facilities Documents, and
the DIP/Cash Collateral Motion; (b) authorizing the Debtors use of Cash Collateral; and (c) providing for adequate protection
of secured creditors.

11

109.Joinder means a joinder to the Transaction Support Agreement, substantially in the form attached as
Exhibits C or D thereto, providing, among other things, that such Person signatory thereto is bound by the terms of the Transaction Support
Agreement to the extent provided therein.

110.Lien means a lien as defined in section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code.

111.Local Rules means the Bankruptcy Local Rules for the Southern District of Texas.

112.Management Incentive Plan means, the management incentive plan to be adopted by the Reorganized Board
on or around the Effective Date, which shall provide for the issuance of up to 10% of the New Equity Interests to management, key employees,
and/or directors of the Reorganized Debtors of the fully diluted New Equity Interests.

113.New Equity Interests means the outstanding equity interests in Reorganized Parent to be authorized,
issued, or reserved on the Effective Date, which interests may be membership interests of a limited liability company or common equity
interests of a corporation.

114.New Money DIP Term Loan Claim means any Claim arising under or related to the New Money DIP Term Loans.

115.New Money DIP Term Loans means new money loans in an original aggregate principal amount of $40 million
(plus all fees payable in kind) provided by the DIP Term Lenders under the DIP Term Loan Credit Agreement.

116.New Organizational Documents means the new Organizational Documents of Reorganized Parent and its
direct or indirect subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Restructuring Transactions, as applicable, including any shareholders agreement,
limited liability company agreement, or similar document.

117.Non-Debtor Affiliates means all of the Affiliates of the Debtors, other than the other Debtors.

118.Notice and Claims Agent means Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC dba Verita Global, in its capacity
as noticing, claims, and solicitation agent for the Debtors, pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court.

119.Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person other than a natural person, the organizational
and governance documents for each such Person, including, without limitation, certificates of incorporation, certificates of formation,
certificates of limited partnership, articles of organization (or equivalent organizational documents), certificates of designation for
preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity, by-laws, partnership agreements, operating agreements, limited liability company
agreements, shareholders agreements, members agreement, or equivalent governing documents.

120.Other Priority Claim means any Allowed Claim accorded priority in right of payment under section 507(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code, other than: (a) Administrative Claims or (b) Priority Tax Claims.

12

121.Other Secured Claim means any Allowed Secured Claim other than the DIP ABL Loan Claims, DIP Term Loan
Claims, Prepetition ABL Claims and Prepetition Term Loan Claims.

122.Parent means The Container Store Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation with a mailing address of 500
Freeport Parkway, Coppell, TX 75019.

123.Person means a person as defined in section 101(41) of the Bankruptcy Code.

124.Petition Date means the date on which the Debtors file their voluntary chapter 11 petitions, which
is expected to occur on or about December 22, 2024.

125.Plan means this prepackaged joint plan of reorganization under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code,
as it may be altered, amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement,
the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, or the terms hereof, as the case may be, and the Plan Supplement, which is incorporated herein
by reference, including all exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto.

126.Plan Supplement means one or more supplemental appendices to this Plan, which shall include, among
other things, draft forms of documents (or terms sheets thereof), schedules, and exhibits to this Plan, in each case subject to the provisions
of the Transaction Support Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, or the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter, as applicable, and as
may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time on or before the Effective Date, including the following documents: (a) the
New Organizational Documents, (b) the Exit Facilities Documents, (c) to the extent known and determined, a document disclosing the identity
of the members of the Reorganized Board, (d) the Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List, (e) a schedule of retained Causes
of Action, (f) the Governance Term Sheet; (g) the Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum; and (h) such other documents as may
be specified in this Plan.

127.Plan Supplement Filing Date means the date on which the Plan Supplement is Filed with the Bankruptcy
Court, which shall be at least five (5) Business Days before the deadline to File objections to Confirmation.

128.Prepetition ABL Claims means any and all Claims arising under, derived from, or based upon the Prepetition
ABL Facility including, without limitation, all Obligations (as defined in the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement).

129.Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2012, as
amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 8, 2013, that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of October 8, 2015, that certain
Amendment No. 3, dated as of May 20, 2016, that certain Amendment No. 4, dated as of August 18, 2017, that certain Amendment No. 5, dated
as of November 25, 2020, and that certain Amendment No. 6, dated as of May 22, 2023 (as may be further amended, restated, amended and
restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof).

130.Prepetition ABL Facility means the senior secured asset based revolving credit facility under the
Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement.

131.Prepetition ABL Facility Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative
agent and collateral agent under the Prepetition ABL Facility, and any replacement or successor agent thereto.

13

132.Prepetition ABL Facility Agent Advisors means Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, as legal counsel,
Berkeley Research Group, LLC, as financial advisor, and such other professional advisors as are retained by the Prepetition ABL Facility
Agent or the Exit ABL Agent with the consent of the Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

133.Prepetition ABL Facility Documents means the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement together with all other
related documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the Prepetition ABL Facility, in each case, as amended, restated, amended
and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

134.Prepetition ABL Lenders means Holders of, or nominees, investment managers, investment advisors, or
subadvisors to funds and/or accounts that hold, or trustees of trusts that hold, the outstanding Prepetition ABL Claims.

135.Prepetition ABL Loans means the loans under the Prepetition ABL Facility, consisting of all Claims
and obligations arising under or related to the $100 million Prepetition ABL Facility, including (i) an aggregate principal amount of
approximately $80 million of borrowings outstanding thereunder and (ii) approximately $20 million of undrawn revolving commitments (including
$7.533 million in issued and outstanding letters of credit) plus, in each case, any accrued but unpaid fees and interest in respect thereof.

136.Prepetition Agents means the Prepetition ABL Facility Agent and the Prepetition Term Loan Agent.

137.Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April
6, 2012, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 8, 2013, relating to the Prepetition Term Loans, the Prepetition
ABL Facility, as amended, restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time.

138.Prepetition Term Loan Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent
and collateral agent under the Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement and any replacement or successor agent thereto.

139.Prepetition Term Loan Agent Advisors means Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and such other professional
advisors as are retained by the Prepetition Term Loan Agent with the consent of the Debtors (not to be unreasonably withheld).

140.Prepetition Term Loan Claims means Claims arising under or related to the Prepetition Term Loan Credit
Agreement.

141.Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2012,
as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 dated as of April 8, 2013, that certain Amendment No. 2 dated as of November 27, 2013, that
certain Amendment No. 3 dated as of May 20, 2016, that certain Amendment No. 4 dated as of August 18, 2017, that certain Amendment No.
5 dated as of September 14, 2018, that certain Amendment No. 6 dated as of October 8, 2018, that certain Amendment No. 7 dated as of
November 25, 2020, that certain Amendment No. 8 dated as of June 14, 2023, and that certain Amendment No. 9 dated as of October 8, 2024,
as may be amended and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

142.Prepetition Term Loan Documents means the Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement together with all
other related documents, instruments, and agreements in respect of the Prepetition Term Loans, in each case, as amended, restated, amended
and restated, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

14

143.Prepetition Term Loans means the senior secured first-lien term loans issued pursuant to the Prepetition
Term Loan Credit Agreement.

144.Priority Tax Claim means any Claim of a Governmental Unit of the kind specified in section 507(a)(8)
of the Bankruptcy Code.

145.Pro Rata Share means, with respect to any distribution on account of an Allowed Claim, a distribution
equal in amount to the ratio (expressed as a percentage) that the amount of such Allowed Claim bears to the aggregate amount of all Allowed
Claims in its Class.

146.Professional Fee Claim means a Claim by a Retained Professional seeking an award by the Bankruptcy
Court of compensation for services rendered or reimbursement of expenses incurred through and including the Effective Date under sections
328, 330, 331, 503(b)(2), 503(b)(3), 503(b)(4), or 503(b)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code (subject to any applicable agreements by such Retained
Professional with respect thereto).

147.Professional Fee Escrow Account means a segregated interest-bearing account funded by the Debtors
with Cash no later than two (2) Business Days before the anticipated Effective Date in an amount equal to the Professional Fee Escrow
Amount.

148.Professional Fee Escrow Amount means the aggregate amount of Professional Fee Claims and other unpaid
fees and expenses the Retained Professionals have incurred or shall incur in rendering services in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases
before and as of the Effective Date, which shall be estimated pursuant to the method set forth in Article II.A.2.

149.Proof of Claim means a proof of Claim Filed against any Debtor in the Chapter 11 Cases.

150.Reinstatement means, with respect to Claims and Interests, that the Claim or Interest shall be rendered
Unimpaired in accordance with section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. Reinstated shall have a correlative meaning.

151.Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List means the list of Executory Contracts and/or Unexpired
Leases (including any amendments or modifications thereto), if any, that shall be rejected pursuant to this Plan, which shall be filed
with the Plan Supplement.

152.Rejection Damages Claim means a Claim arising from the rejection of an Executory Contract or Unexpired
Lease for which the Holder is required to file a Proof of Claim pursuant to Article V of this Plan.

153.Related Parties means, with respect to an Entity, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such,
such Entitys current and former Affiliates, and such Entitys and such Affiliates current and former members, directors,
managers, officers, proxyholders, control persons, investment committee members, special committee members, members of any governing
body, equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), affiliated investment funds or investment
vehicles, managed accounts or funds (including any beneficial holders for the account of whom such funds are managed), predecessors,
participants, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, Affiliates, partners, limited partners, general partners, principals, members, management
companies, fund advisors or managers, employees, agents, trustees, advisory board members, financial advisors, attorneys (including any
other attorneys or professionals retained by any current or former director or manager in his or her capacity as director or manager
of an Entity), accountants, investment bankers, consultants, Representatives, investment managers, and other professionals and advisors,
each in their capacity as such, and any such Persons or Entitys respective heirs, executors, estates, and nominees.

15

154.Release Opt-Out Form means the form to be provided to certain Holders of Claims through which such
Holders may elect to affirmatively opt out of the Third-Party Release.

155.Released Party means, collectively, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each
Debtor; (b) each Reorganized Debtor; (c) each Non-Debtor Affiliate; (d) each of the Debtors and Non-Debtor
Affiliates current and former directors and officers; (e) each Consenting Stakeholder; (f) each Prepetition Agent; (g) each
DIP Agent; (h) each DIP Term Lender; (i) the DIP ABL Lender; (j) each Exit Facility Agent; (k) each lender under the Exit Facilities;
(l) each Releasing Party; and (m) each Related Party of each Entity in clauses (a) through (l); provided, that, in each
case, an Entity shall not be a Released Party if it (a) elects to opt out of the Third-Party Release as provided on its respective
Release Opt-Out Form, (b) timely Files with the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases an objection to the Third-Party
Release that is not withdrawn or resolved before Confirmation or (c) provides to the Debtors by electronic mail an informal objection
and such objection is not withdrawn or resolved before Confirmation; provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt,
any opt-out election made by a Consenting Stakeholder shall be void ab initio.

156.Releases means, collectively, the Debtor Release and the Third-Party Release as set forth in Article
IX.

157.Releasing Parties means, collectively, each of, and in each case in its capacity as such: (a) each
Non-Debtor Affiliate; (b) each of the Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates current and former directors and officers; (c)
each Consenting Stakeholder; (d) each Prepetition Agents; (e) each DIP Agent; (f) each DIP Term Lender; (g) the DIP ABL Lender; (h) each
Exit Facility Agent; (i) each lender under the Exit Facilities; (j) each Holder of a Claim or Interest in a Class (other than Holders
of Rejection Damages Claims) that does not affirmatively elect to opt out of the Releases contained in this Plan or that does not (A)
timely file with the Bankruptcy Court on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases an objection to the Third-Party Release that is not withdrawn
or resolved before Confirmation or (B) provide to the Debtors by electronic mail an informal objection and such objection is not withdrawn
or resolved before Confirmation; and (k) each Related Party of each Entity in clauses (a) through (j), solely to the extent such Related
Party (I) would be obligated to grant a release under principles of agency if it were so directed by the Entity in the foregoing clauses
(a) through (j) to whom they are related or (II) may assert Claims or Causes of Action on behalf of or in a derivative capacity by or
through an Entity in clause (a) through clause (j); provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, any opt-out election made by a Consenting
Stakeholder shall be void ab initio.

158.Reorganized Board means the initial board of directors or similar governing body of the Reorganized
Parent appointed in accordance with the terms of the New Organizational Documents.

159.Reorganized Debtors means, on or after the Effective Date, the Debtors, as reorganized pursuant to
and under this Plan, or any successor thereto, after giving effect to the transactions implementing this Plan.

160.Reorganized Parent means, on or after the Effective Date, The Container Store Group, Inc. or any other
Entity designated as such that will, directly or indirectly, own 100% of the New Equity Interests in, or substantially all of the assets
of, The Container Store Group, Inc. upon consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, as mutually agreed by the Debtors and the Required
Consenting Lenders.

16

161.Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and its and their
directors, officers, members, partners, managers, employees, agents, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, advisors, investment
advisors, investors, managed accounts or funds, management companies, fund advisors, advisory board members, professionals, and other
representatives, in each case, solely in their capacities as such.

162.Required Consenting Lenders means the Required Consenting Term Lenders and the Required DIP Term Lenders.

163.Required Consenting Term Lenders means, as of any time, Consenting Term Lenders that are members of
the Ad Hoc Group holding at least 66 2/3% of the Prepetition Term Loan Claims that are held by Consenting Term Lenders that are members
of the Ad Hoc Group at such time.

164.Required DIP Term Lenders means, as of any time, DIP Term Lenders holding at least fifty and one hundredth
percent (50.01%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount and commitments of the DIP Term Loan Facility at such time.

165.Restructuring Fees and Expenses means all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the (a) Agents;
(b) Prepetition Term Loan Agent Advisors; (c) DIP Term Loan Agent Advisors; (d) Exit Facility Agent Advisors; and (e) Ad Hoc Group
Advisors in each case, payable in accordance with the terms hereof, the applicable engagement and/or fee letters with the Debtors, the
Transaction Support Agreement, the DIP Facilities Documents, the Prepetition Term Loan Documents, the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter,
and the Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order, as applicable, and subject to any order of the Bankruptcy Court and any other applicable agreements
by such party with respect thereto.

166.Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum means the document setting forth the sequence of certain
Restructuring Transactions.

167.Restructuring Transactions means the transactions described in Article IV.B.

168.Retained Professional means an Entity: (a) employed in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to a Final
Order in accordance with sections 327 and/or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code and to be compensated for services rendered before the
Effective Date, pursuant to sections 327, 328, 329, 330, or 331 of the Bankruptcy Code; or (b) for which compensation and reimbursement
has been allowed by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to sections 503(b)(2), 503(b)(3), 503(b)(4), or 503(b)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.

169.SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

170.Second-Out Exit Term Loans means term loans under the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement comprising converted
DIP Roll-Up Term Loans.

171.Secured Claim means a Claim: (a) secured by a Lien on property in which the Estate has an interest,
which Lien is valid, perfected, and enforceable pursuant to applicable law or by reason of a Bankruptcy Court order, or that is subject
to setoff pursuant to section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent of the value of the creditors interest in the Estates
interest in such property or to the extent of the amount subject to setoff, as applicable, as determined pursuant to section 506(a) of
the Bankruptcy Code or (b) otherwise Allowed pursuant to this Plan or order of the Bankruptcy Court as a Secured Claim.

172.Securities means any instruments that qualify as a security under Section 2(a)(1) of
the Securities Act.

17

173.Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as now in effect or hereafter amended, or any regulations
promulgated thereunder.

174.Solicitation Materials means any documents, forms, ballots, notices, and other materials provided
in connection with the solicitation of votes on this Plan pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code.

175.Solicitation Procedures Motion means the Emergency Motion of Debtors for Entry of Order (I) Scheduling
Combined Hearing to Consider (A) Final Approval of Disclosure Statement, (B) Approval of Solicitation Procedures and Form of
Ballot, and (C) Confirmation of Plan; (II) Establishing an Objection Deadline to Object to Disclosure Statement and Plan; (III) Approving
the Form and Manner of Notice of Combined Hearing, Objection Deadline, and Notice of Commencement; (IV) Approving Notice and Objection
Procedures for the Assumption or Rejection of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally Waiving Requirement of Filing
Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, Statements of Financial Affairs, and 2015.3 Reports; (VI) Conditionally Waiving Requirement
to Convene the Section 341 Meeting of Creditors; (VII) Conditionally Approving the Disclosure Statement and (VIII) Granting Related
Relief to be filed on the Petition Date.

176.Solicitation Procedures Order means an order of the Bankruptcy Court granting the relief requested
in the Solicitation Procedures Motion.

177.Subordinated Claim means any Claim against the Debtors that is subject to subordination under section
509(c), section 510(b), or section 510(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, including any Claim for reimbursement, indemnification, or contribution
(except indemnification or reimbursement Claims assumed hereunder). For the avoidance of doubt, Subordinated Claim includes any Claim
arising out of or related to any agreement for the purchase or sale of securities of the Debtors or any of its Affiliates or any agreements
related or ancillary to such agreement for the purchase or sale of securities of the Debtors or any of its Affiliates.

178.Third-Party Release means the releases given by the Releasing Parties to the Released Parties in Article
IX.C.

179.Transaction Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement entered into on December
21, 2024, among the Debtors, Consenting Stockholders and the Consenting Term Lenders and any exhibits, schedules, attachments, or appendices
thereto (in each case, as such may be amended, modified, or supplemented in accordance with its terms).

180.Transaction Term Sheet means the term sheet attached as Exhibit B to the Transaction Support Agreement,
together with the exhibits and appendices annexed thereto.

181.Transfer Agreement means the transfer agreement, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D to
the Transaction Support Agreement, providing, among other things, that a transferee is bound by the terms of the Transaction Support
Agreement.

182.Unexpired Lease means a lease to which one or more of the Debtors is a party that is subject to assumption
or rejection under section 365 or 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code.

183.Unimpaired means, with respect to a Claim, Interest, or Class of Claims or Interests, not impaired
within the meaning of sections 1123(a)(4) and 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code.

184.United States means the United States of America, its agencies, departments, or agents.

18

185.United States Trustee means the Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District of Texas.

186.United States Trustee Statutory Fees means all fees due under 28 U.S.C 1930(a)(6).

187.Unsecured Claim means a Claim that is not secured by a Lien on property in which one of the Debtors
Estates has an interest.

188.Voting Class means Class 3 (Prepetition Term Loan Claims).

189.Workers Compensation Contracts means the Debtors written contracts, agreements, agreements
of indemnity, self-insured workers compensation bonds, policies, programs, and plans for workers compensation and workers
compensation Insurance Contracts.

B. Rules of Interpretation

1.For purposes herein: (a) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall include
both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine,
and the neuter gender; (b) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to a contract, instrument, release, indenture, or other
agreement or document being in a particular form or on particular terms and conditions means that the referenced document shall be substantially
in that form or substantially on those terms and conditions; (c) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing
document, schedule, or exhibit, whether or not Filed, having been Filed, or to be Filed shall mean that document, schedule, or exhibit,
as it may thereafter be amended, modified, or supplemented; (d) any reference to any Entity as a Holder of a Claim or Interest includes
that Entitys successors and assigns; (e) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to Articles are references
to Articles of this Plan; (f) unless otherwise specified, the words herein, hereof, and hereto
refer to this Plan in its entirety rather than to a particular portion of this Plan; (g) subject to the provisions of any contract,
certificate of incorporation, by-law, instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with
this Plan, the rights and obligations arising pursuant to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
applicable federal law, including the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules; (h) unless otherwise specified, the words include
and including, and variations thereof, shall not be deemed to be terms of limitation, and shall be deemed to be followed
by the words without limitation; (i) references to shareholders, directors, and/or officers
shall also include members and/or managers, as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable
state limited liability company laws; (j) any reference to directors or board of directors includes managers, managing members or any
similar governing body, as the context requires, and references to shareholders, directors, and/or officers
shall also include members and/or managers, as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable
limited liability company Laws; (k) references to Proofs of Claim, Holders of Claims, Disputed
Claims, and the like shall include Proofs of Interests, Holders of Interests, Disputed Interests,
and the like, as applicable; (l) captions and headings to Articles and subdivisions thereof are inserted for convenience of reference
only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation hereof; (m) unless otherwise specified, the rules of construction
set forth in section 102 of the Bankruptcy Code shall apply; (n) any term used in capitalized form herein that is not otherwise
defined but that is used in the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules shall have the meaning assigned to that term in the Bankruptcy
Code or the Bankruptcy Rules, as the case may be; (o) unless otherwise specified, all references to statutes, regulations, orders, rules
of courts, and the like shall mean as in effect on the Effective Date and as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases; (p) any effectuating
provisions may be interpreted by the Reorganized Debtors in such a manner that is consistent with the overall purpose and intent of this
Plan all without further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Entity, and such interpretation
shall control; (q) references to docket numbers are references to the docket numbers of documents Filed in the Chapter 11 Cases under
the Bankruptcy Courts CM/ECF system; and (r) all references herein to consent, acceptance, or approval may be conveyed by counsel
for the respective parties that have such consent, acceptance, or approval rights, including by electronic mail.

19

2.Unless otherwise specifically stated herein, the provisions of Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) shall apply in computing any period
of time prescribed or allowed herein. If the date on which a transaction may occur pursuant to this Plan shall occur on a day that is
not a Business Day, then such transaction shall instead occur on the next succeeding Business Day. Unless otherwise specified herein,
any references to the Effective Date shall mean the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

3.All references in this Plan to monetary figures refer to currency of the United States, unless otherwise expressly provided.

4.Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan to the contrary, references in this Plan to the Debtors or
to the Reorganized Debtors mean the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to the extent the context requires.

C. Consent Rights

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan, the Combined Order, or the Disclosure Statement, any and all consent, consultation, and approval rights
set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement and the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter, including rights and limitations with respect
to the form and substance of any Definitive Document (including any amendments, restatements, supplements, or other modifications to
such documents, and any consents, waivers, or other deviations under or from any such documents) shall be incorporated herein by this
reference (including to the applicable definitions in Article I.A) and fully enforceable as if stated in full herein. In case
of a conflict with respect to consent, consultation, or approval rights between the Transaction Support Agreement or a Plan Document,
on the one hand, and the Plan, on the other hand, the former shall control and govern.

D. Appendices and Plan Supplement

The Plan Supplement and appendices
to this Plan are incorporated into this Plan by reference and are a part of this Plan as if set forth in full herein. The documents contained
in the exhibits and Plan Supplement shall be approved by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the Combined Order.

E. Deemed Acts

Whenever an act or event
is expressed under this Plan to have been deemed done or to have occurred, it shall be deemed to have been done or to have occurred by
virtue of this Plan and/or Combined Order without any further act by any party.

Article II.

ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS, DIP CLAIMS, PRIORITY TAX CLAIMS,

OTHER PRIORITY CLAIMS, AND UNITED STATES TRUSTEE STATUTORY FEES

In accordance with section
1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, Administrative Claims, DIP Claims, Priority Tax Claims, and Other Priority Claims have not been classified
and thus are excluded from the Classes of Claims and Interests set forth in Article III.

A Claim or Interest is placed
in a particular Class only to the extent that such Claim or Interest falls within the description of that Class and is classified in
other Classes to the extent that any portion of the Claim or Interest falls within the description of such other Classes. To the extent
applicable, a Claim or Interest is placed in a particular Class for all purposes, including voting, Confirmation and distribution under
this Plan and under sections 1122 and 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. However, a Claim or Interest is placed in a particular Class
for the purpose of receiving distributions (if any) under this Plan only to the extent that such Claim or Interest is an Allowed Claim
or Allowed Interest and has not been paid, released or otherwise settled prior to the Effective Date.

20

A. Administrative Claims

1. General Administrative Claims 

Subject to the terms of the
Transaction Support Agreement, the Combined Order, and the provisions of sections 328, 330(a), and 331 of the Bankruptcy Code, except
to the extent that a Holder of an Allowed General Administrative Claim and the applicable Debtor(s) or Reorganized Debtor(s), as applicable,
agree to less favorable treatment with respect to such Allowed General Administrative Claim, each Holder of an Allowed General Administrative
Claim shall receive, in full and final satisfaction of its General Administrative Claim, an amount in Cash equal to the unpaid amount
of such Allowed General Administrative Claim in accordance with the following: (a) if such General Administrative Claim is Allowed on
or before the Effective Date, on the Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter or, if not then due, when such Allowed
General Administrative Claim is due or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; (b) if such General Administrative Claim is Allowed
after the Effective Date, on the date such General Administrative Claim is Allowed or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter or,
if not then due, when such Allowed General Administrative Claim is due or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; (c) at such time
and upon such terms as may be agreed upon by such Holder and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as the case may be; or (d) at such
time and upon such terms as set forth in an order of the Bankruptcy Court; provided, that Allowed General Administrative Claims
that arise in the ordinary course of the Debtors businesses during the Chapter 11 Cases shall be paid by such applicable Debtor
or Reorganized Debtor in full in Cash in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the terms and conditions of any controlling
agreements, course of dealing, course of business, or industry practice without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court. Nothing
in the foregoing or otherwise in this Plan shall prejudice the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors rights and defenses regarding
any asserted General Administrative Claim.

2. Professional Fee Claims

a. Professional Fee Applications

All final requests for payment
of Professional Fee Claims for services rendered and reimbursement of expenses incurred before the Effective Date must be Filed no later
than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date. The Bankruptcy Court shall determine the Allowed amounts of such Professional Fee Claims
after notice and a hearing in accordance with the procedures established by the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and prior Bankruptcy
Court orders. Subject to any applicable agreements by the Retained Professionals with respect to Professional Fee Claims, the Reorganized
Debtors shall pay Professional Fee Claims owing to the Retained Professionals in Cash in the amount the Bankruptcy Court Allows from
funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account, as soon as reasonably practicable after such Professional Fee Claims are Allowed by
entry of an order of the Bankruptcy Court; provided, that the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors obligations to
pay Allowed Professional Fee Claims shall not be limited or deemed limited to funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account. To the
extent that funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account are insufficient to satisfy the Allowed amount of Professional Fee Claims
owing to the Retained Professionals, the Reorganized Debtors shall pay such amounts within ten (10) Business Days of entry of the order
approving such Professional Fee Claims.

21

b. Professional Fee Escrow Account

No later than the anticipated
Effective Date, the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall fund the Professional Fee Escrow Account with Cash equal
to the Professional Fee Escrow Amount. The Professional Fee Escrow Account shall be maintained in trust solely for the Retained Professionals
and for no other Entities until all Professional Fee Claims Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court have been irrevocably paid in full in Cash
pursuant to one or more Final Orders of the Bankruptcy Court. No Liens, Claims, or Interests shall encumber the Professional Fee Escrow
Account or Cash held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account in any way. No funds held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account shall be
property of the Estates of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. When all Professional Fee Claims Allowed by the Bankruptcy Court have
been irrevocably paid in full in Cash pursuant to one or more Final Orders of the Bankruptcy Court, any remaining funds held in the Professional
Fee Escrow Account shall be remitted to the Reorganized Debtors without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy
Court or any other Entity being required.

c. Professional Fee Escrow Amount

No later than five (5) days
before the anticipated Effective Date, each Retained Professional shall deliver to the Debtors a reasonable and good-faith estimate of
their unpaid fees and expenses incurred in rendering services to the Debtors before and as of the Effective Date projected to be outstanding
as of the anticipated Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no such estimate shall be considered or deemed an admission or limitation
with respect to the amount of the fees and expenses that are the subject of a Retained Professionals final request for payment
of Professional Fee Claims Filed with the Bankruptcy Court, and such Retained Professionals are not bound to any extent by the estimates.
If a Retained Professional does not provide an estimate, the Debtors may estimate the unpaid and unbilled fees and expenses of such Retained
Professional. The total aggregate amount so estimated to be outstanding as of the anticipated Effective Date shall be utilized by the
Debtors to determine the amount to be funded to the Professional Fee Escrow Account; provided, that the Reorganized Debtors shall
use Cash on hand to increase the amount of the Professional Fee Escrow Account to the extent fee applications are Filed after the Effective
Date in excess of the amount held in the Professional Fee Escrow Account based on such estimates.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the terms of this Article II.A.2.c shall not apply to the parties entitled to receive the Restructuring Fees and Expenses, which
are authorized to be paid in accordance with the Combined Order, this Plan, engagement and/or fee letters with the Debtors, the Transaction
Support Agreement, the DIP Facilities Documents, and the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter (as applicable).

B. DIP Claims

Except to the extent that
a Holder of an Allowed DIP Term Loan Claim and the Debtors have agreed in writing to a less favorable treatment, in exchange for full
and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and the discharge of each DIP Term Loan Claim, each Holder of a DIP Term Loan Claim shall
receive, on the Effective Date and on account of such DIP Term Loan Claim, its: (a) pro rata share, based on such Holders ratable
share of the First-Out DIP Term Loans (as defined in the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders), of 64% of the New Equity Interests on account of
the DIP Equity Premium (subject to dilution on account of the Management Incentive Plan), and (b) Pro Rata Share of the Exit Term Loans.
All Holders of DIP Term Loan Claims have consented to their treatment under this Plan pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Support
Agreement and the applicable DIP Facilities Documents.

Except to the extent that
a Holder of an Allowed DIP ABL Loan Claim and the Debtors have agreed in writing to a less favorable treatment, in exchange for full
and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and the discharge of each DIP ABL Loan Claim, each Holder of a DIP ABL Loan Claim (a) shall
receive on the Effective Date and on account of such DIP ABL Loan Claim, its Pro Rata Share of the Exit ABL Loans or (b) shall receive,
in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release and discharge of, and in exchange for such DIP ABL Loan Claims, payment in full in
Cash as part of a refinancing in full on terms acceptable to the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Term Lenders. All Holders
of DIP ABL Loan Claims have consented to their treatment under this Plan pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement and
the applicable DIP Facilities Documents.

22

C. Priority Tax Claims

Except to the extent that
a Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim and the Debtor(s) against which such Allowed Priority Tax Claim is asserted (i) agree to a
less favorable treatment, or (ii) has already been paid during the Chapter 11 Cases on account of such Priority Tax Claim, in exchange
for full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for each Allowed Priority Tax Claim, each Holder
of such Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall be treated in accordance with the terms set forth in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Nothing in the foregoing or otherwise in this Plan shall prejudice the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors rights
and defenses regarding any asserted Priority Tax Claim.

D. Other Priority Claims

Except to the extent that
a Holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim and the Debtor(s) against which such Allowed Other Priority Claim is asserted agree to a
less favorable treatment, in exchange for full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and the discharge of each Allowed Other Priority
Claim, each Holder of an Allowed Other Priority Claim due and payable on or before the Effective Date shall receive, as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Date, on account of such Claim: (1) Cash in an amount equal to the amount of such Allowed Other
Priority Claim; (2) Reinstatement or such other treatment rendering its Allowed Other Priority Claim Unimpaired in accordance with section
1124 of the Bankruptcy Code; or (3) Cash in an amount agreed to by the applicable Debtor or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable, and such
Holder. To the extent any Allowed Other Priority Claim is not due and owing on or before the Effective Date, such Claim shall be paid
in full in Cash in accordance with the terms of any agreement between the Debtors (or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable) and such
Holder, or as may be due and payable under applicable non-bankruptcy law or in the ordinary course of business. Nothing in the foregoing
or otherwise in this Plan shall prejudice the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors rights and defenses regarding any asserted
Other Priority Claim.

E. United States Trustee Statutory
Fees

The Debtors and the Reorganized
Debtors, as applicable, shall pay all United States Trustee Statutory Fees, for each quarter (including any fraction thereof) until the
Chapter 11 Cases are converted, dismissed, or closed, whichever occurs first.

F. Restructuring Fees and Expenses

The Restructuring Fees and
Expenses incurred, or estimated to be incurred, up to and including the Effective Date (or, with respect to necessary post-Effective
Date activities, after the Effective Date), shall be paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date in accordance with, and subject to, the
terms of the Transaction Support Agreement or the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, as applicable (unless otherwise provided in any other order
of the Bankruptcy Court), without any requirement to file a fee application with the Bankruptcy Court or without any requirement for
Bankruptcy Court or United States Trustee review or approval (unless otherwise provided in any other order of the Bankruptcy Court),
or without notice and a hearing pursuant to section 1129(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. All Restructuring Fees and Expenses
to be paid on the Effective Date shall be estimated before and as of the Effective Date and such estimates shall be delivered to the
Debtors at least three (3) days before the anticipated Effective Date; provided, however, that such estimates shall not
be considered an admission or limitation with respect to such Restructuring Fees and Expenses. On the Effective Date, or as soon as practicable
thereafter, final invoices for all Restructuring Fees and Expenses incurred before and as of the Effective Date shall be submitted to
the Debtors. In addition, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall continue to pay, when due and payable in the
ordinary course, pre-Effective Date Restructuring Fees and Expenses related to this Plan and the implementation, consummation, and defense
of this Plan and the Restructuring Transactions, incurred before the Effective Date, in accordance with any engagement and/or fee letters
with the Debtors, the Transaction Support Agreement, the DIP Facilities Documents, and the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter (as applicable).

23

G. Post-Effective Date Fees and Expenses

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in the Plan, from and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may, in the ordinary course of business and without
any further notice to or action, order or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, pay in Cash the reasonable and documented legal, professional,
or other fees and expenses related to the implementation and consummation of the Plan incurred by the Reorganized Debtors following the
Effective Date that are agreed to be paid by the Reorganized Debtors. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, the Reorganized Debtors
will pay in Cash all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Ad Hoc Group Advisors in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Support Agreement. Upon the Effective Date, any requirement that Retained Professionals comply with sections 327 through 331 and
1103 of the Bankruptcy Code in seeking retention or compensation for services rendered after such date shall terminate, and the Reorganized
Debtors may employ and pay any professional for services rendered or expenses incurred after the Effective Date in the ordinary course
of business without any further notice to or action, order or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

Article III.

CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS

A. Classification of Claims

This Plan constitutes a separate
chapter 11 Plan of reorganization for each Debtor. The provisions of this Article III govern Claims against and Interests in the Debtors.
Except for the Claims addressed in Article II (or as otherwise set forth herein), all Claims and Interests are placed in Classes
for each of the applicable Debtors. For all purposes under this Plan, each Class shall exist for each of the Debtors; provided,
that any Class that is vacant as to a particular Debtor shall be treated in accordance with Article III.G. In accordance
with section 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors have not classified Administrative Claims, DIP Claims, Priority Tax Claims,
and Other Priority Claims as described in Article II.

The categories of Claims
and Interests listed below classify Claims and Interests for all purposes, including voting, Confirmation, and distribution pursuant
hereto and pursuant to sections 1122 and 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. This Plan deems a Claim or Interest to be classified in a
particular Class only to the extent that the Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of that Class and shall be deemed classified
in a different Class to the extent that any remainder of such Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of such different Class.
A Claim or an Interest is in a particular Class only to the extent that any such Claim or Interest is Allowed in that Class and has not
been paid or otherwise settled before the Effective Date.

24

Summary of Classification and Treatment of
Claims and Interests

Class Claim Status Voting
Rights

1 Other
Secured Claims Unimpaired Presumed
to Accept

2 Prepetition
ABL Claims Unimpaired Presumed
to Accept

3 Prepetition
Term Loan Claims Impaired Entitled
to Vote

4 General
Unsecured Claims Unimpaired Presumed
to Accept

5 Subordinated
Claims Impaired Deemed
to Reject

6 Intercompany
Claims Impaired
/ Unimpaired Deemed
to Reject / Presumed to Accept

7 Intercompany
Interests Impaired
/ Unimpaired Deemed
to Reject / Presumed to Accept

8 Existing
Equity Interests Impaired Deemed
to Reject

B. Treatment of Claims and Interests

1.Class
1 Other Secured Claims

a. Classification: Class 1 consists of
all Other Secured Claims.

b. Treatment: Except to the extent that
a Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, in exchange
for full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge of each Allowed Other
Secured Claim, each Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim, at the option of the applicable
Debtor (with the consent of the Required Consenting Term Lenders), shall, on the Effective
Date, (i) be paid in full in Cash including the payment of any interest required to be paid
under section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) receive the collateral securing its Allowed
Other Secured Claim, or (iii) receive any other treatment that would render such Claim Unimpaired.

c. Voting: Class 1 is Unimpaired, and
Holders of Other Secured Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant
to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Other Secured Claims are
not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. Holders of Other Secured Claims shall
be provided a Release Opt-Out Form solely for purposes of affirmatively opting out of the
Third-Party Release.

2.Class 2 Prepetition ABL Claims

a. Classification: Class 2 consists of
all Prepetition ABL Claims.

b. Allowance: any Obligations
(as defined in the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement) outstanding as of the Effective Date
shall be Allowed pursuant to the terms of the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement.

25

c. Treatment: Upon the ABL Refinancing
(as defined in the Interim DIP/Cash Collateral Order), each Holder of an Allowed Prepetition
ABL Claim shall have received, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release and discharge
of, and in exchange for such Allowed Prepetition ABL Claim, payment in full in Cash (including
the replacement or Cash collateralization of all issued and undrawn letters of credit in
accordance with and in the amounts specified under the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement).
To the extent any Obligations (as defined in the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement)
are outstanding on the Effective Date, the Claims on account of such Obligations
shall receive treatment as necessary to render such Claims Unimpaired, including repayment
in Cash of any such Claims required to be satisfied in Cash pursuant to the terms of the
Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement.

d. Voting: Class 2 is Unimpaired, and
Holders of Prepetition ABL Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant
to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Prepetition ABL Claims are
not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. Holders of Prepetition ABL Claims shall
be provided a Release Opt-Out Form solely for purposes of affirmatively opting out of the
Third-Party Release.

3.Class 3 Prepetition Term Loan Claims

a. Classification: Class 3 consists of
all Prepetition Term Loan Claims.

b. Allowance: Prepetition Term Loan Claims
shall be deemed Allowed in the aggregate principal amount of $163,125,321.74 plus any accrued
and unpaid interest as of the Petition Date, less the amount of Prepetition Term Loan
Claims converted into DIP Roll-Up Term Loan Claims.

c. Treatment: Except to the extent that
a Holder of a Prepetition Term Loan Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, on the Effective
Date, each Holder of an Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claim shall receive, in full and final
satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge and in exchange for each Allowed Prepetition
Term Loan Claim, its Pro Rata Share of 100% of the New Equity Interests, subject to dilution
by the Management Incentive Plan and the DIP Equity Premium.

d. Voting: Class 3 is Impaired, and Holders
of Prepetition Term Loan Claims are entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan.

4.Class 4 General Unsecured Claims

a. Classification: Class 4 consists of
all General Unsecured Claims.

b. Treatment: Subject to Article V.C
and except to the extent that a Holder of a General Unsecured Claim agrees to less favorable
treatment, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge and in exchange
for each Allowed General Unsecured Claim, each Holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim
against a Debtor shall receive payment in full in Cash in accordance with applicable law
and the terms and conditions of the particular transaction giving rise to, or the agreement
that governs, such Allowed General Unsecured Claim on the later of (i) the date due in the
ordinary course of business or (ii) the Effective Date; provided, however,
that no Holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim shall receive any distribution for any
Claim that has previously been satisfied pursuant to a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court.

26

c. Voting: Class 4 is Unimpaired, and
Holders of General Unsecured Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan
pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of General Unsecured
Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan. Holders of General Unsecured
Claims shall be provided a Release Opt-Out Form solely for purposes of affirmatively opting
out of the Third-Party Release.

5.Class 5 Subordinated Claims

a. Classification: Class 5 consists of
all Subordinated Claims.

b. Treatment: On the Effective Date,
each Subordinated Claim shall be cancelled, released and extinguished, and each Holder of
a Subordinated Claim shall not receive or retain any distribution, property, or other value
on account of its Subordinated Claim.

c. Voting: Class 5 is Impaired and not
receiving any distribution under this Plan, and Holders of Subordinated Claims are deemed
to have rejected this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore,
Holders of Subordinated Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan.

6.Class 6 Intercompany Claims

a. Classification: Class 6 consists of
all Intercompany Claims.

b. Treatment: No property shall be distributed
to the Holders of Allowed Intercompany Claims. Unless otherwise provided for under this Plan,
on the Effective Date, at the option of the applicable Debtor with the consent of the Required
Consenting Lenders, Intercompany Claims shall be either: (i) Reinstated; or (ii) set
off, settled, distributed, contributed, merged, canceled, or released. For the avoidance
of doubt, all Intercompany Claims between Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates shall ride through
and continue in full force and effect unless otherwise agreed by the applicable Debtor and
Non-Debtor Affiliate.

c. Voting: Class 6 is either (i) Unimpaired,
in which case Holders of Allowed Intercompany Claims are conclusively presumed to have accepted
this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, or (ii) Impaired, and
not receiving any distribution under this Plan, in which case Holders of Allowed Intercompany
Claims are deemed to have rejected this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Therefore, in each case, Holders of Allowed Intercompany Claims are not entitled to
vote to accept or reject this Plan.

7.Class 7 Intercompany Interests

a. Classification: Class 7 consists of
all Intercompany Interests.

b. Treatment: No property shall be distributed
to the Holders of Allowed Intercompany Interests. Unless otherwise provided for under this
Plan, on the Effective Date, at the option of the applicable Debtor with the consent of the
Required Consenting Lenders, Intercompany Interests shall be either: (i) Reinstated;
or (ii) set off, settled, distributed, contributed, merged, canceled, or released.

27

c. Voting: Class 7 is either (i) Unimpaired,
in which case Holders of Allowed Intercompany Interests are conclusively presumed to have
accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, or (ii) Impaired,
and not receiving any distribution under this Plan, in which case Holders of Allowed Intercompany
Interests are deemed to have rejected this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Therefore, in each case, Holders of Allowed Intercompany Interests are not entitled
to vote to accept or reject this Plan.

8.Class 8 Existing Equity Interests

a. Classification: Class 8 consists of
all Existing Equity Interests.

b. Treatment: Holders of Existing Equity
Interests are not entitled to receive a recovery or distribution on account of such Existing
Equity Interests. On the Effective Date, Existing Equity Interests shall be canceled, released,
discharged, and extinguished, and shall be of no further force or effect.

c. Voting: Class 8 is Impaired and not
receiving any distribution under this Plan, and Holders of Existing Equity Interests are
deemed to have rejected this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore,
Holders of Existing Equity Interests are not entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan.

C. Acceptance or Rejection of this
Plan

1.Presumed Acceptance of this Plan

Claims in Classes 1, 2 and
4 are Unimpaired under this Plan and their Holders are conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of
the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Claims in Classes 1, 2 and 4 are not entitled to vote on this Plan and the votes of such Holders
shall not be solicited. Notwithstanding their non-voting status, Holders of such Claims shall receive a Release Opt-Out Form solely for
purposes of affirmatively opting out of the Third-Party Release.

2.Voting Classes

Claims in Class 3 are Impaired
under this Plan and the Holders of Allowed Claims in such Class are entitled to vote to accept or reject this Plan, including by acting
through a voting Representative. For purposes of determining acceptance and rejection of this Plan, votes shall be tabulated on a Debtor-by-Debtor
basis.

Pursuant to section 1126(c)
of the Bankruptcy Code, an Impaired Class of Claims shall have accepted this Plan if (a) the Holders, including Holders acting through
a voting Representative, of at least two-thirds (2/3) in amount of Claims actually voting in such Class have voted to accept this Plan
and (b) the Holders, including Holders acting through a voting Representative, of more than one-half (1/2) in number of Claims actually
voting in such Class have voted to accept this Plan. Holders of Claims in Class 3 (or, if applicable, the voting Representatives of such
Holders) shall receive ballots containing detailed voting instructions. For the avoidance of doubt, each Claim in any Class entitled
to vote to accept or reject this Plan that is not Allowed pursuant to this Plan, and in each case, is wholly contingent, unliquidated,
or Disputed, in each case, shall be accorded one (1) vote and valued at one dollar ($1.00) for voting purposes only, and not for purposes
of allowance or distribution.

28

3.Deemed Rejection of this Plan

Claims and Interests in Class
5 and 8 are Impaired and will receive no distribution under this Plan and are deemed to have rejected this Plan pursuant to section 1126(g)
of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Claims and Interests in Classes 5 and 8 are not entitled to vote on this Plan and the votes
of such Holders shall not be solicited. Notwithstanding their non-voting status, Holders of such Claims and Interests shall receive a
Release Opt-Out Form solely for purposes of affirmatively opting out of the Third-Party Release.

4.Presumed Acceptance of this Plan or Deemed Rejection of this Plan

Claims and Interests in Classes
6 and 7 are either (a) Unimpaired and, therefore, conclusively presumed to have accepted this Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the
Bankruptcy Code, or (b) Impaired and shall receive no distributions under this Plan and, therefore, deemed to have rejected this Plan
pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Claims and Interests in Classes 6 and 7 are not entitled to
vote on this Plan and votes of such Holders shall not be solicited.

D. Confirmation Pursuant to Section
1129(a)(10) and 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code

Section 1129(a)(10) of the
Bankruptcy Code shall be satisfied for purposes of Confirmation by acceptance of this Plan by an Impaired Class of Claims entitled to
vote (i.e., Class 3). The Debtors shall seek Confirmation pursuant to section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any
rejecting Class of Claims or Interests. The Debtors reserve the right to modify this Plan in accordance with Article XI to the
extent, if any, that Confirmation pursuant to section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code requires modification, including by modifying the
treatment applicable to a Class of Claims or Interests to render such Class of Claims or Interests Unimpaired to the extent permitted
by the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules.

E. Subordinated Claims

The allowance, classification,
and treatment of all Allowed Claims and Interests, and the respective distributions and treatments under this Plan, shall take into account
and conform to the relative priority and rights of the Claims and Interests in each Class in connection with any contractual, legal,
and equitable subordination rights relating thereto, whether arising under general principles of equitable subordination, sections 509
or 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such Allowed Claims or Interests
and their respective treatments set forth herein shall not be subject to setoff, demand, recharacterization, turnover, disgorgement,
avoidance, or other similar rights of recovery asserted by any Person. Pursuant to section 510 of the Bankruptcy Code, except where otherwise
provided herein, the Reorganized Debtors reserve the right to re-classify any Allowed Claim or Interest in accordance with any contractual,
legal, or equitable subordination rights relating thereto. The Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, reserve the right to seek
a ruling from the Bankruptcy Court determining whether any Claim should be subordinated pursuant to section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code and treated under the Plan as a Class 5 Subordinated Claim.

F. Special Provision Governing Unimpaired
Claims

Except as otherwise provided
herein, nothing under this Plan shall affect or limit the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors rights and defenses (whether
legal or equitable) in respect of any Unimpaired Claims, including, without limitation, all rights in respect of legal and equitable
defenses to, or setoffs or recoupments against, any such Unimpaired Claims.

29

G. Vacant and Abstaining Classes

Any Class of Claims or Interests
that is not occupied as of the commencement of the Combined Hearing by an Allowed Claim or Allowed Interest or a Claim or Interest temporarily
Allowed under Bankruptcy Rule 3018 shall be deemed eliminated from this Plan for purposes of voting to accept or reject this Plan and
for purposes of determining acceptance or rejection of this Plan by such Class pursuant to section 1129(a)(8) of the Bankruptcy Code.
Moreover, any Class of Claims that is occupied as of the commencement of the Combined Hearing by an Allowed Claim or a Claim temporarily
Allowed under Bankruptcy Rule 3018, but as to which no vote is cast, shall be deemed to accept this Plan pursuant to section 1129(a)(8)
of the Bankruptcy Code.

H. Controversy Concerning Impairment

If a controversy arises as
to whether any Claim or Interest (or any Class of Claims or Interests) are Impaired under this Plan, the Bankruptcy Court shall, after
notice and a hearing, determine such controversy on or before the Confirmation Date, absent consensual resolution of such controversy
consistent with the Transaction Support Agreement among the Debtors and the complaining Entity or Entities.

I. Intercompany
Interests and Intercompany Claims

To the extent Intercompany
Interests and Intercompany Claims are Reinstated under this Plan, distributions on account of such Intercompany Interests and Intercompany
Claims are not being received by Holders of such Intercompany Interests or Intercompany Interests on account of their Intercompany Interests
or Intercompany Claims, but for the purposes of administrative convenience and to maintain the Debtors (and their Affiliates)
corporate structure, for the ultimate benefit of the Holders of New Equity Interests, to preserve ordinary course intercompany operations,
and in exchange for the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors agreement under this Plan to make certain distributions to the
Holders of Allowed Claims.

J. Disputed Claims Process

Notwithstanding section 502(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code, and in light of the Unimpaired status of all Allowed General Unsecured Claims under this Plan, Holders of Claims
(other than Holders of Rejection Damages Claims) need not File Proofs of Claim. The Reorganized Debtors and the Holders of Claims shall
determine, adjudicate, and resolve any disputes over the validity and amounts of such Claims in the ordinary course of business as if
the Chapter 11 Cases had not been commenced except that (unless expressly waived pursuant to this Plan) the Allowed amount of such Claims
shall be subject to the limitations or maximum amounts permitted by the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502 and 503 of the Bankruptcy
Code, to the extent applicable. All Proofs of Claim Filed in these Chapter 11 Cases (other than Rejection Damages Claims) shall be considered
objected to and Disputed without further action by the Debtors. Upon the Effective Date, all Proofs of Claim Filed against the Debtors
(other than Rejection Damages Claims), regardless of the time of filing, and including Proofs of Claim Filed after the Effective Date,
shall be deemed withdrawn and expunged, other than as provided below. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, disputes
regarding the amount of any Cure Cost pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code and Claims that the Debtors seek to have determined
by the Bankruptcy Court, shall in all cases be determined by the Bankruptcy Court.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, reserve the right to object to any Claim that is entitled, or deemed to be entitled,
to a distribution under this Plan or is rendered Unimpaired under this Plan in the Bankruptcy Court. Any disputes regarding the Allowance
of a Rejection Damages Claim shall be determined by the Bankruptcy Court.

30

For the avoidance of doubt,
there is no requirement to File a Proof of Claim (or move the Bankruptcy Court for Allowance) to be an Allowed Claim under this Plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Entities that are counterparties to a rejected Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease must file a Rejection
Damages Claim as set forth in the Plan.

Article IV.

MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS PLAN

A. General Settlement of Claims and
Interests

In consideration for the
classification, distributions, releases, and other benefits provided under this Plan, on the Effective Date, the provisions of this Plan
shall constitute a set of integrated, good-faith compromises and settlements of all Claims, Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies
resolved pursuant to this Plan and this Plan shall be deemed a motion to approve the good-faith compromises and settlements of all Claims,
Interests, Causes of Action, and controversies pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019. Entry of the Combined Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy
Courts approval of such compromises and settlements under Bankruptcy Rule 9019, as well as a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that
such integrated compromises or settlements are in the best interests of the Debtors, the Estates, and Holders of Claims and Interests,
and are fair, equitable, and reasonable. Subject to Article VI, distributions made to Holders of Allowed Claims in any Class are
intended to be and shall be final and indefeasible and shall not be subject to avoidance, turnover, or recovery by any other Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or similar provisions of this Plan with respect to settlements, such settlements are approved as among
the parties to such settlement or similar agreements thereto, and the treatment of all Claims and Interests is approved pursuant to Confirmation
by satisfying the requirement of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code.

B. Restructuring Transactions

Without limiting any rights
and remedies of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors under this Plan or applicable law, but in all cases subject to the terms and conditions
of the Transaction Support Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, and Definitive Documents and any consents or approvals required thereunder,
the entry of the Combined Order shall constitute authorization for the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to take, or to
cause to be taken, all actions necessary or appropriate to consummate and implement the provisions of this Plan before, on, and after
the Effective Date, including such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate a corporate restructuring of their respective
businesses and to otherwise simplify the overall corporate structure of the Reorganized Debtors. Such restructuring may include (1) the
execution and delivery of appropriate agreements or other documents of merger, consolidation, restructuring, disposition, liquidation,
or dissolution containing terms that are consistent with the terms of this Plan, the Transaction Support Agreement, the Transaction Term
Sheet, and the other Definitive Documents and that satisfy the applicable requirements of applicable state law and such other terms to
which the applicable Entities may agree; (2) the execution and delivery of appropriate instruments of transfer, assignment, assumption,
or delegation of any asset, property, right, liability, duty, or obligation on terms consistent with the terms of this Plan, the Transaction
Support Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, and the other Definitive Documents and having such other terms to which the applicable
Entities may agree; (3) the execution, delivery, and filing, if applicable, of the New Organizational Documents and the Exit Facilities
Documents; (4) the filing of appropriate certificates or articles of conversion, formation, incorporation, merger, consolidation, or
dissolution with the appropriate governmental authorities pursuant to applicable state law; and (5) all other actions that the Debtors,
the Reorganized Debtors and/or the applicable Entities reasonably determine to be necessary or appropriate, including making filings
or recordings that may be required by applicable state law or foreign law in connection with such transactions, but in all cases subject
to the terms and conditions of this Plan, the Transaction Support Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, and the other Definitive Documents
and any consents or approvals required thereunder.

31

The Combined Order shall
and shall be deemed to, pursuant to both section 1123 and section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, authorize, among other things, all
actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effect any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate
the Restructuring Transactions (including any other transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary to effectuate
this Plan).

C. Corporate Existence

Except as otherwise provided
in this Plan, or as otherwise may be agreed between the Debtors and the Required Consenting Lenders, each Debtor, as a Reorganized Debtor,
shall continue to exist after the Effective Date as a separate corporate Entity, limited liability company, partnership, or other form,
as the case may be, with all the powers of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other form, as the case may be,
pursuant to the applicable law in the jurisdiction in which each Debtor is incorporated or formed and pursuant to the respective memorandum
and articles of association, certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or other formation documents) in effect before the Effective Date,
except to the extent such memorandum and articles of association, certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or other formation documents)
are amended by this Plan, by the Debtors, or otherwise, and to the extent such documents are amended, such documents are deemed to be
amended pursuant to this Plan and require no further action or approval (other than any requisite filings required under applicable state,
provincial, or federal law), without prejudice to any right to alter or terminate such existence (whether by merger or otherwise) in
accordance with such applicable law.

On or after the Effective
Date, without prejudice to the rights of any party to a contract or other agreement with any Reorganized Debtor, each Reorganized Debtor
may, without the need for approval of the Bankruptcy Court and free of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Rules,
take such action as permitted by applicable law, and such Reorganized Debtors Organizational Documents, as such Reorganized Debtor
may determine is reasonable and appropriate, including, without limitation, causing: (a) a Reorganized Debtor to be merged into another
Reorganized Debtor or an Affiliate of a Reorganized Debtor; (b) a Reorganized Debtor to be dissolved; (c) the conversion of
a Reorganized Debtor from one entity type to another entity type; (d) the legal name of a Reorganized Debtor to be changed;
(e) the closure of a Reorganized Debtors Chapter 11 Case on the Effective Date or any time thereafter; or (f) the reincorporation
of a Reorganized Debtor under the law of jurisdictions other than the law under which the applicable Debtor currently is incorporated.

D. Vesting of Assets in the Reorganized
Debtors Free and Clear of Liens and Claims

Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Plan or any agreement, instrument, or other document incorporated herein pursuant to sections 1123(a)(5), 1123(b)(3),
1141(b) and (c), and other applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, on and after the Effective Date, all property in each Estate,
all Causes of Action, and any property acquired by any of the Debtors pursuant to this Plan shall vest in each respective Reorganized
Debtor, free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges, other encumbrances or interests, except for those Liens, Claims, charges, or other
encumbrances arising from or related to the Exit Facilities Documents. On and after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may (1)
operate their respective businesses, (2) use, acquire, and dispose of their respective property, and (3) prosecute, compromise or
settle any Claims, Interests, or Causes of Action, in each case without notice to, supervision of, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court
and free and clear of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules, including for the avoidance of doubt any restrictions
on the use, acquisition, sale, lease, or disposal of property under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. Anything in this Plan to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Unimpaired Claims against a Debtor shall remain the obligations solely of such Debtor or such Reorganized
Debtor and shall not become obligations of any other Debtor or Reorganized Debtor by virtue of this Plan, the Chapter 11 Cases, or otherwise.

32

E. Cancellation of Existing Agreements
and Existing Equity Interests.

On the Effective Date, except
with respect to the Exit Facilities Documents, or to the extent otherwise provided in this Plan, the Combined Order, or any other Definitive
Document, all notes, bonds, indentures, certificates, securities, purchase rights, options, warrants, calls, puts, awards, commitments,
registration rights, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer, co-sale rights, investor rights, collateral agreements,
subordination agreements, or other instruments or documents directly or indirectly evidencing, creating, or relating to any existing
indebtedness or obligations of or ownership interest in the Debtors or giving rise to any rights or obligations relating to Claims against
or Interests in the Debtors shall be deemed canceled and surrendered, and the obligations of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors,
as applicable, and any Non-Debtor Affiliates thereunder or in any way related thereto shall be deemed satisfied in full, released, and
discharged and the obligations of the Debtors pursuant, relating, or pertaining to any agreements, notes, bonds, indentures, certificates,
securities, purchase rights, options, warrants, calls, puts, awards, commitments, registration rights, preemptive rights, rights of first
refusal, rights of first offer, co-sale rights, investor rights, collateral agreements, subordination agreements, or other instruments
or documents directly or indirectly evidencing, creating, or relating to any existing indebtedness or obligations of or ownership interest
in the Debtors or giving rise to any rights or obligations relating to Claims against or Interests in the Debtors (except such agreements,
certificates, notes, or other instruments evidencing indebtedness or obligations of the Debtors that are specifically Reinstated or assumed
pursuant to this Plan, if any) shall be released and discharged; provided, that, notwithstanding such cancellation, satisfaction,
release, and discharge, anything to the contrary contained in this Plan or the Combined Order, Confirmation, or the occurrence of the
Effective Date, any such document or instrument that governs the rights, claims, or remedies of the Holder of a Claim or Interest shall
continue in effect solely for purposes of: (1) enabling the Holder of such Claim or Interest to receive distributions on account
of such Claim or Interest under this Plan as provided herein; (2) allowing and preserving the rights of the Prepetition Agents,
DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable, to make distributions as specified under this Plan on account of Allowed Claims,
as applicable, including allowing the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable, to submit invoices for
any amount and enforce any obligation owed to them under this Plan to the extent authorized or allowed by the applicable documents; (3) permitting
the Reorganized Debtors and any other Distribution Agent, as applicable, to make distributions on account of applicable Claims and Interests,
as applicable; (4) preserving the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable,
rights, if any, to compensation and indemnification as against any money or property distributable to the Holders of Prepetition ABL
Claims, Prepetition Term Loan Claims, and DIP Claims, as applicable, including permitting the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit
Facility Agents, as applicable, to maintain, enforce, and exercise any priority of payment or charging liens against such distributions
each pursuant and subject to the terms of the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement, Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement, and DIP Credit
Agreements, as applicable, as in effect on or immediately before the Effective Date, (5) preserving all rights, remedies, indemnities,
powers, and protections, including rights of enforcement, of the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable,
against any person other than a Released Party (which Released Parties include the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, and Non-Debtor Affiliates),
and any exculpations of the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable; provided, that the Prepetition
Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, shall remain entitled to indemnification or contribution from the Holders of Prepetition
ABL Claims, Prepetition Term Loan Claims, and DIP Claims, each pursuant and subject to the terms of the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement,
Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement, and DIP Credit Agreements, as applicable, as in effect on the Effective Date, (6) permitting
the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, as applicable, to enforce any obligation (if any) owed to them under this
Plan, (7) permitting the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents to appear in the Chapter 11 Cases or in any proceeding
in the Bankruptcy Court or any other court, and (8) permitting the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and Exit Facility Agents, to perform
any functions that are necessary to effectuate the foregoing; provided, however, that nothing in this Article IV
shall affect the discharge of Claims or Interests pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, the Combined Order, or this Plan, or (except as
set forth in (5) above) the releases of the Released Parties pursuant to Article IX, or result in any expense or liability to
the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, except as expressly provided for in this Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing
in this Article IV shall cause the Reorganized Debtors obligations under the Exit Facilities Documents to be deemed satisfied
in full, released, or discharged; provided, that notwithstanding this sentence, the Prepetition ABL Claims, Prepetition Term Loan
Claims, and DIP Claims shall be deemed satisfied in full, released, and discharged on the Effective Date. In furtherance of the foregoing,
as of the Effective Date, Holders of Prepetition ABL Claims, Prepetition Term Loan Claims, and DIP Claims shall be deemed to have released
any such Claims against the Reorganized Debtors under the Prepetition ABL Facility Documents, Prepetition Term Loan Documents, and DIP
Facilities Documents and are enjoined from pursuing any such claims against any of the Reorganized Debtors in respect of such Prepetition
ABL Claims, Prepetition Term Loan Claims, and DIP Claims.

33

On the Effective Date, the
Prepetition Agents, the DIP Agents, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, controlling persons,
and legal and financial advisors shall be automatically and fully released and discharged from any further responsibility under the Prepetition
ABL Credit Agreement, Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement, and DIP Credit Agreements, as applicable. The Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents,
and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates, controlling persons, and legal and financial advisors
shall be discharged and shall have no further obligation or liability except as provided in this Plan and the Combined Order, and after
the performance by the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and their Representatives and professionals of any obligations and duties required
under or related to this Plan or the Combined Order, the Prepetition Agents, DIP Agents, and each of their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents, Affiliates, controlling persons, and legal and financial advisors shall be relieved of and released from any obligations
and duties arising thereunder. The fees, expenses, and costs of the Prepetition Agents and the DIP Agents, including fees, expenses,
and costs of each of their respective professionals incurred after the Effective Date in connection with the Prepetition ABL Credit Agreement,
Prepetition Term Loan Credit Agreement, or DIP Credit Agreements, as applicable, and reasonable and documented fees, costs, and expenses
associated with effectuating distributions pursuant to this Plan, including the fees and expenses of counsel, if any, shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of this Plan and the applicable Definitive Documents.

F. Sources for Plan Distributions
and Transfers of Funds Among Debtors

The Debtors shall fund Cash
distributions under this Plan with Cash on hand, including Cash from operations, and the proceeds of the DIP Facilities and Exit Facilities.
The Debtors shall make non-Cash distributions as required under the Plan in the form of Exit Term Loans, Exit ABL Loans and New Equity
Interests. Cash payments to be made pursuant to this Plan shall be made by the Reorganized Debtors in accordance with Article VI.
Subject to any applicable limitations set forth in any post-Effective Date agreement (including the New Organizational Documents), the
Reorganized Debtors shall be entitled to transfer funds between and among themselves as they determine to be necessary or appropriate
to enable the Reorganized Debtors to satisfy their obligations under this Plan. Except as set forth herein, any changes in intercompany
account balances resulting from such transfers shall be accounted for and settled in accordance with the Debtors historical intercompany
account settlement practices and shall not violate the terms of this Plan.

From and after the Effective
Date, the Reorganized Debtors, subject to any applicable limitations set forth in any post-Effective Date agreement (including the New
Organizational Documents and the Exit Facilities Documents), shall have the right and authority without further order of the Bankruptcy
Court to raise additional capital and obtain additional financing in accordance with, and subject to, applicable law.

34

G. Exit Facilities and Exit Facilities
Documents

To the extent required and
subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, Confirmation of this Plan shall be deemed to constitute approval by the Bankruptcy Court
of the Exit Facilities Documents (including all transactions contemplated thereby, such as any supplementation or syndication of the
Exit Term Loans, and all actions to be taken, undertakings to be made, and obligations to be incurred by the Reorganized Debtors in connection
therewith, including the incurrence of Liens securing the Exit Facilities and the payment of all fees, payments, indemnities, and expenses
associated therewith) and, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, authorization for the applicable Reorganized Debtors to enter
into and perform their obligations under the Exit Facilities Documents and such other documents as may be reasonably required or appropriate,
subject to any consent or approval rights under the Definitive Documents. On or around the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall
execute and deliver the Exit Facilities Documents, and shall execute, deliver, file, record, and issue any other related notes, guarantees,
security documents, instruments, or agreements in connection therewith, in each case, without (a) further notice to the Bankruptcy Court,
or (b) further act or action under applicable law, regulation, order, or rule or the vote, consent, authorization, or approval of any
Person or Entity. On the Effective Date, the Exit Facilities shall be subject to the Exit Intercreditor Agreement.

On the Effective Date, the
Exit Facilities Documents shall constitute legal, valid, binding, and authorized obligations of the Reorganized Debtors, enforceable
in accordance with their terms. The financial accommodations to be extended pursuant to the Exit Facilities Documents are being extended,
and shall be deemed to have been extended, and all related payments made in connection therewith shall have been made, in each case,
in good faith, for legitimate business purposes, for reasonably equivalent value, as an inducement to the applicable lenders to extend
credit under the applicable Exit Facilities, are reasonable, shall not be subject to avoidance, recovery, turnover, recharacterization,
or subordination (including equitable subordination) for any purposes whatsoever, and shall not constitute preferential transfers, fraudulent
conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable non-bankruptcy law. On the Effective Date,
all of the Liens and security interests to be granted, carried forward, continued, amended, extended, and/or reaffirmed (including in
connection with any DIP ABL Loan Claims that are refinanced by the Exit ABL Credit Agreement or DIP Term Loan Claims that are refinanced
by the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement) under the Exit Facilities Documents shall: (1) be continuing, legal, binding, and enforceable
Liens on, and security interests in, the collateral granted in accordance with the terms of the applicable Exit Facilities Documents;
(2) be granted, carried forward, continued, amended, extended, reaffirmed, and deemed automatically perfected on the Effective Date,
subject only to such Liens and security interests as may be permitted thereunder; and (3) not be subject to avoidance, recovery, turnover,
recharacterization, or subordination (including equitable subordination) for any purposes whatsoever and shall not constitute preferential
transfers, fraudulent conveyances, or other voidable transfers under the Bankruptcy Code or any applicable non-bankruptcy law. The Reorganized
Debtors and the Entities granted such Liens and security interests are authorized to make all filings and recordings, and to obtain all
governmental approvals and consents necessary to establish and perfect such Liens and security interests under the provisions of the
applicable state, provincial, federal, or other law (whether domestic or foreign) that would be applicable in the absence of this Plan
and the Combined Order (it being understood that perfection shall occur automatically by virtue of the entry of the Combined Order, and
any such filings, recordings, approvals, and consents shall not be required), and shall thereafter cooperate to make all other filings
and recordings that otherwise would be necessary under applicable law to give notice of such Liens and security interests to third parties.

H. Issuance of New Equity Interests
and Deregistration

On the Effective Date, Reorganized
Parent shall issue or reserve for issuance and deliver all of the New Equity Interests in accordance with the terms of this Plan and
the New Organizational Documents. The issuance and delivery of the New Equity Interests is authorized without the need for further corporate
or other action or any consent or approval of any national securities exchange upon which the New Equity Interests may be listed on or
immediately following the Effective Date. All of the New Equity Interests issuable under this Plan and the Combined Order shall, when
so issued be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. The issuance and delivery of the New Equity Interests in
accordance with this Plan are authorized without the need for any further limited liability company or corporate action and without any
further action by any Holder of a Claim or Interest.

35

Any Holder of an Allowed
Prepetition Term Loan Claim or any DIP Term Lender entitled to the DIP Equity Premium may designate that all or a portion of such Holders
share of the New Equity Interests to be distributed as part of the treatment of such Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claim or on account
of the DIP Equity Premium, be registered in the name of, and delivered to, its designee by delivering notice thereof to counsel to the
Debtors and to the Notice and Claims Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. Any such designee must be an
accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Reorganized Parent intends
to exist and operate as a private company after the Effective Date. As promptly as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date,
Reorganized Parent expects to take all necessary steps to terminate the registration of all Securities under the Exchange Act and Securities
Act, including to de-register its Existing Equity Interests, and to terminate its reporting obligations under sections 12, 13, and 15(d)
of the Exchange Act, including by (1) filing, or causing any applicable national securities exchange to file, a Form 25 with the SEC
under the Exchange Act, and (2) filing a Form 15 with the SEC under the Exchange Act.

1.Absence of Listing / Transfer of New Equity Interests 

On the Effective Date, the
Reorganized Parent shall issue the New Equity Interests pursuant to this Plan and the New Organizational Documents. Reorganized Parent
shall not be obligated to effect or maintain any listing of the New Equity Interests for trading on any national securities exchange
(within the meaning of the Exchange Act) and it has no current intention of maintaining or obtaining such listing. Distributions of the
New Equity Interests are expected to be delivered via book-entry transfer by the Distribution Agent in accordance with this Plan and
the New Organizational Documents, rather than through the facilities of DTC; however, in the event the New Equity Interests are DTC eligible
on the Effective Date, distributions shall be made via DTC. Upon the Effective Date, after giving effect to the Restructuring Transactions,
the New Equity Interests shall be that number of shares or membership interests as may be designated in the New Organizational Documents.

On and after the Effective
Date, transfers of New Equity Interests shall be made in accordance with applicable United States law, United States securities laws
(as applicable), and the New Organizational Documents.

I. Exemption from Registration Requirements

No registration statement
shall be filed under the Securities Act, or pursuant to any state securities laws, with respect to the offer, issuance and distribution
of the New Equity Interests under this Plan. The offering, sale, issuance, and distribution of the New Equity Interests in exchange
for Claims pursuant to Article II and Article III and pursuant to the Combined Order shall be exempt from, among other
things, the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act and any other applicable United States, state, or local law
requiring registration for the offer or sale of a security pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. Any and all such New Equity
Interests may be resold without registration under the Securities Act by the recipients thereof pursuant to the exemption provided by
Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act, subject to: (1) the provisions of section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, which limits
resale by Persons who are underwriters as that term is defined in such section; (2) restrictions under the Securities Act
applicable to recipients who are an affiliate of the Reorganized Debtors as defined in Rule 144(a)(1) under the Securities
Act, (3) compliance with any applicable state or foreign securities laws, if any, and any rules and regulations of the SEC, if any, applicable
at the time of any future transfer of such Securities; (4) the restrictions, if any, on the transferability of such Securities in the
Organizational Documents of the issuer of, or in agreements or instruments applicable to holders of, such Securities; and (5) any
other applicable regulatory approval.

36

The Reorganized Debtors need
not provide any further evidence other than this Plan and the Combined Order with respect to the treatment of the New Equity Interests
under applicable securities laws.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan, no Person or Entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, DTC) shall be entitled to require a legal opinion
regarding the validity of any transaction contemplated by this Plan, including, for the avoidance of doubt, whether the New Equity Interests
are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement, and depository services. All such Persons
and Entities including DTC shall be required to accept and conclusively rely upon this Plan or the Combined Order in lieu of a legal
opinion regarding whether the New Equity Interests are exempt from registration and/or eligible for DTC book-entry delivery, settlement,
and depository services. Notwithstanding any policies, practices, or procedures of DTC, DTC and any participants and intermediaries
shall fully cooperate and take all actions to facilitate any and all transactions necessary or appropriate for implementation of this
Plan or other contemplated thereby, including without limitation any and all distributions pursuant to this Plan.

J. New Organizational Documents

Subject to Article IV.E,
the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall enter into such agreements and amend their corporate governance documents to the
extent necessary to implement the terms and provisions of this Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as of the Effective
Date, each of the Reorganized Debtors shall be governed by the New Organizational Documents applicable to it. From and after the Effective
Date, the Organizational Documents of each of the Reorganized Debtors will be deemed to be modified to prohibit the issuance of non-voting
equity Securities, solely to the extent required under section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code. On or immediately before the Effective
Date, each Reorganized Debtor and Reorganized Parent shall file its New Organizational Documents, if any, with the applicable Secretary
of State and/or other applicable authorities in its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation in accordance with applicable laws of
its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, to the extent required for such New Organizational Documents to become effective. The
New Organizational Documents for the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall be in form and substance (including customary minority
protections) acceptable to the Required Consenting Lenders.

As a condition to receiving
the New Equity Interests, Holders of Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claim or Holders entitled to receive New Equity Interests on account
of the DIP Equity Premium and/or any of their respective designees for receipt of New Equity Interests will be required to execute and
deliver the New Organizational Documents for Reorganized Parent. For the avoidance of doubt, any Entitys or Persons receipt
of New Equity Interests under, or as contemplated by, the Plan (including on account of the DIP Equity Premium) shall be deemed to be
its agreement to the terms of the New Organizational Documents for Reorganized Parent, and such Entities and Persons shall be deemed
signatories to the New Organizational Documents for Reorganized Parent without further action required on their part. The New Organizational
Documents for Reorganized Parent will be effective as of the Effective Date and, as of such date, will be deemed to be valid, binding,
and enforceable in accordance with its terms, and each Holder of New Equity Interests will be bound thereby in all respects even if such
Holder has not actually executed and delivered a counterpart thereof.

37

K. Release of Liens and Claims

To the fullest extent provided
under section 1141(c) and other applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, except as otherwise provided in this Plan, the Combined
Order, or in any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document entered into or delivered in connection with this Plan,
on the Effective Date and concurrently with the applicable distributions made pursuant to Article VI, all Liens, Claims,
mortgages, deeds of trust, or other security interests against the assets or property of the Debtors or the Estates shall be fully released,
canceled, terminated, extinguished, and discharged, in each case without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court, act, or
action under applicable law, regulation, order, or rule or the vote, consent, authorization, or approval of any Person or Entity; provided,
that (1) the Liens granted to the DIP Agents pursuant to the DIP Credit Agreements and (2) any and all Liens or security securing the
Debtors obligations under the Insurance Contracts, which, for avoidance of doubt, includes grants of security interests in, without
limitation, escrow accounts, deposit accounts, Cash Collateral, and letters of credit issued for the benefit of Insurers, shall remain
in full force and effect solely to the extent provided for in this Plan. The filing of the Combined Order with any federal, state, or
local agency or department shall constitute good and sufficient evidence of, but shall not be required to effect, the termination of
such Liens, Claims, and other interests to the extent provided in the immediately preceding sentence. Any Person or Entity holding such
Liens, Claims, or interests shall, pursuant to section 1142 of the Bankruptcy Code, promptly execute and deliver to the Reorganized Debtors
such instruments of termination, release, satisfaction, and/or assignment (in recordable form) as may be reasonably requested by the
Reorganized Debtors.

L. Exemption from Certain Taxes and
Fees

To the fullest extent permitted
by section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any transfer (whether from a Debtor to a Reorganized Debtor or to any other Person) of
property under, pursuant to, in contemplation of, or in connection with this Plan (including the Restructuring Transactions) pursuant
to (1) the issuance, distribution, transfer, or exchange of any debt, securities, or other interest in the Debtors or the Reorganized
Debtors, (2) the creation, modification, consolidation, termination, refinancing, or recording of any mortgage, deed of trust, or
other security interest, or the securing of additional indebtedness by such or other means, (3) the making, assignment, or recording
of any lease or sublease, (4) the grant of collateral security for any or all of the Exit Facilities or other indebtedness, or (5)
the making, delivery, or recording of any deed or other instrument of transfer under, in furtherance of, or in connection with, this
Plan, including, without limitation, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, or other instrument of transfer executed in connection with
any transaction arising out of, contemplated by, or in any way related to this Plan (including the Restructuring Transactions), shall
not be subject to any document recording tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee, intangibles, or similar tax, mortgage tax, real estate transfer
tax, mortgage recording tax, Uniform Commercial Code filing or recording fee, regulatory filing or recording fee, or other similar tax
or governmental assessment, and the appropriate U.S. federal, state or local governmental officials, agents, or filing or recording officers
(or any other Person with authority over any of the foregoing), wherever located and by whomever appointed, shall comply with the requirements
of section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and shall forego the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment and accept for
filing and recordation any of the foregoing instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax, fee or governmental assessment.

M. Directors and Officers of the Reorganized
Debtors

1.Reorganized Board

The members of the Reorganized
Board shall consist of a number of members determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion, which shall consist
of members appointed in a manner determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion and set forth in the New Organizational
Documents for Reorganized Parent. Except to the extent that a member of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager,
as applicable, of a Debtor is designated in the Plan Supplement to serve as a director, manager, or sole manager of such Reorganized
Debtor on the Effective Date, the members of the board of directors or board of managers, or the sole manager, as applicable, of each
Debtor prior to the Effective Date, in their capacities as such, shall have no continuing obligations to the Reorganized Debtors on or
after the Effective Date, and each such director, manager, or sole manager shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise cease
to be a director, manager, or sole manager of the applicable Debtor on the Effective Date. Each of the directors, managers, sole managers
and officers of each of the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall serve pursuant to the terms of the applicable New Organizational
Documents of such Reorganized Debtor or Reorganized Parent, as applicable, and may be designated, replaced, or removed in accordance
with such New Organizational Documents.

38

2.Senior Management

The existing officers of
the Debtors as of the Effective Date shall remain in their current capacities as officers of the Reorganized Debtors, subject to their
right to resign and the ordinary rights and powers of the Reorganized Board to remove or replace them in accordance with the New Organizational
Documents and any applicable employment agreements that are assumed pursuant to this Plan.

3.Management Incentive Plan

After the Effective Date,
the Reorganized Board shall adopt the Management Incentive Plan in accordance with the Transaction Term Sheet. The form of the awards
(i.e., options, restricted stock or units, appreciation rights, etc.), the participants in the Management Incentive Plan, the allocations
of the awards to such participants (including the amount of allocations and the timing of the grant of the awards), and the terms and
conditions of the awards (including vesting, exercise prices, base values, hurdles, forfeiture, repurchase rights and transferability)
shall be determined by the Reorganized Board in its sole discretion.

N. Preservation of Causes of Action

In accordance with section
1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, but subject to the releases and exculpation set forth in this section and in Article IX below,
all Causes of Action that a Debtor may hold against any Entity shall vest in the applicable Reorganized Debtor on the Effective Date,
including each Cause of Action set forth in the schedule of retained Causes of Action included in the Plan Supplement. Thereafter, the
Reorganized Debtors shall have the exclusive right, authority, and discretion to determine and to initiate, file, prosecute, enforce,
abandon, settle, compromise, release, withdraw, or litigate to judgment any such Causes of Action, whether arising before or after the
Petition Date, and to decline to do any of the foregoing without the consent or approval of any third party or further notice to or action,
order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. No Entity may rely on the absence of a specific reference in this Plan, the Plan Supplement,
or the Disclosure Statement to any specific Cause of Action as any indication that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors shall not pursue
any and all available Causes of Action. The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve all rights to prosecute any and all
Causes of Action against any Entity, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, and, therefore, no preclusion doctrine,
including the doctrines of res judicata, collateral estoppel, issue preclusion, claim preclusion, estoppel (judicial, equitable,
or otherwise) or laches, shall apply to any Cause of Action upon, after, or as a consequence of the Confirmation or the occurrence of
the Effective Date. In addition, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve the right to pursue or adopt any claims alleged
in any lawsuit in which any of the Debtors are a plaintiff, defendant, or an interested party, against any Person or Entity, including,
without limitation, the plaintiffs or co-defendants in such lawsuits. For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance shall any Cause of Action
preserved pursuant to this Article IV.N include any Claim or Cause of Action released or exculpated under this Plan (including,
without limitation, by the Debtors).

39

O. Corporate Action

Each of the Debtors and the
Reorganized Debtors may take any and all actions to execute, deliver, File or record such contracts, instruments, releases, and other
agreements or documents and take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, and further evidence the provisions
of this Plan, and without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court, any act or action under applicable law, regulation, order,
or rule or any requirement of further action, vote or other approval or authorization by the security holders, officers, or directors
of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors or by any other Person (except for those expressly required pursuant hereto or by the Definitive
Documents).

Upon the Effective Date,
all actions contemplated by this Plan shall be deemed authorized, approved, and, to the extent taken before the Effective Date, ratified
without any requirement for further action by Holders of Claims or Interests, directors, managers, or officers of the Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors, or any other Entity, including: (1) assumption and rejection (as applicable) of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases; (2) selection
of the directors, managers, and officers for each of the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent; (3) the execution of the New
Organizational Documents and the Exit Facilities Documents; (4) the issuance and delivery of the New Equity Interests and incurrence
of the Exit Facilities; (5) implementation of the Restructuring Transactions; and (6) all other acts or actions contemplated,
or reasonably necessary or appropriate to promptly consummate the transactions contemplated by this Plan (whether to occur before, on,
or after the Effective Date). All matters provided for in this Plan involving the company structure of the Debtors, and any company action
required by the Debtors in connection therewith, shall be deemed to have occurred on, and shall be in effect as of, the Effective Date,
without any requirement of further action by the security holders, directors, managers, authorized persons, or officers of the Debtors,
the Reorganized Debtors, or Reorganized Parent or otherwise.

Before, on, and after the
Effective Date, the appropriate officers, directors, managers, or authorized persons of the Debtors, the Reorganized Parent, or any direct
or indirect subsidiaries of the Reorganized Parent (including any president, vice-president, chief executive officer, treasurer, general
counsel, secretary, or chief financial officer thereof) shall be authorized and directed to issue, execute, and deliver the agreements,
documents, securities, memoranda and articles of association, certificates of incorporation, certificates of formation, bylaws, operating
agreements, other organization documents, and instruments contemplated by this Plan (or necessary or desirable to effect the transactions
contemplated by this Plan) in the name of and on behalf of the applicable Debtors or applicable Reorganized Debtors, including the (1) New
Organizational Documents, (2) Exit Facilities Documents, and (3) any and all other agreements, documents, securities, and instruments
relating to or contemplated by the foregoing. Before or on the Effective Date, each of the Debtors is authorized, in its sole discretion,
to change its name or corporate form and to take such other action as required to effectuate a change of name or corporate form in the
jurisdiction of incorporation of the applicable Debtor or Reorganized Debtor. To the extent the Debtors change their names or corporate
form before the closing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Debtors shall change the case captions accordingly.

The authorizations, approvals
and directives contemplated by this Article IV.O shall be effective notwithstanding any requirements under non-bankruptcy Law.

P. Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan, the treatment of, and distributions (including rights to adequate protection and participation in the DIP
Term Loan Facility) made to Holders of Prepetition Term Loan Claims shall not be subject to the Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement or
the terms thereof (including any turnover and disgorgement provisions), and the Prepetition Intercreditor Agreement shall be deemed so
amended to the extent necessary to effectuate same.

40

Q. Effectuating Documents; Further
Transactions

Before, on, and after the
Effective Date, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors and the directors, managers, officers, authorized persons, and members of the
boards of directors or managers and directors or managers thereof, are authorized to and may issue, execute, deliver, file, or record
such contracts, securities, notes, instruments, certificates, releases, and other agreements or documents and take such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, and further evidence the terms and provisions of this Plan, the New Organizational
Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents, and any Securities issued pursuant to this Plan in the name of and on behalf of the Reorganized
Debtors, without the need for any approvals, authorizations, actions, or consents except for those expressly required pursuant to this
Plan or the Transaction Support Agreement.

R. Authority of the Debtors

Effective on the Confirmation
Date, the Debtors shall be empowered and authorized to take or cause to be taken, before the Effective Date, all actions necessary or
appropriate to achieve the Effective Date and enable the Reorganized Debtors to implement effectively the provisions of this Plan, the
Combined Order, the Definitive Documents, and the Restructuring Transactions.

S. No Substantive Consolidation

This Plan is being proposed
as a joint chapter 11 plan of the Debtors for administrative purposes only and constitutes a separate chapter 11 plan for each Debtor.
This Plan is not premised upon the substantive consolidation of the Debtors with respect to the Classes of Claims or Interests set forth
in this Plan.

T. Continuing Effectiveness of Final
Orders

Payment authorization granted
to the Debtors under any prior Final Order entered by the Bankruptcy Court shall continue in effect after the Effective Date. Accordingly,
the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors may pay or otherwise satisfy any Claim to the extent permitted by, and subject to, the applicable
Final Order without regard to the treatment that would otherwise be applicable to such Claim under this Plan.

U. Modifications to Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases

The Debtors, with the consent
of the Required Consenting Term Lenders, are authorized to enter into, and perform under, amendments or modifications of any Executory
Contracts or Unexpired Leases with the counterparty to such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease and pay any amounts due as a result
of such amendment or modification.

Article V.

TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS

AND UNEXPIRED LEASES; EMPLOYEE BENEFITS; AND INSURANCE POLICIES

A. Assumption of Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases

On the Effective Date, except
as otherwise provided in this Plan, each of the Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases not previously rejected, assumed, or assumed
and assigned pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court shall be deemed assumed and amended (solely to the extent necessary to implement
the terms of the Restructuring Transactions), as of the Effective Date pursuant to sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code except
any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease (1) identified on the Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List (which shall initially
be filed with the Bankruptcy Court on the Plan Supplement Filing Date) as an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be rejected (if
any), (2) that is the subject of a separate motion or notice to reject pending as of the Effective Date, or (3) that previously expired
or terminated pursuant to its own terms (disregarding any terms the effect of which is invalidated by the Bankruptcy Code).

41

Entry of the Combined Order
by the Bankruptcy Court shall constitute an order approving the assumption of the Transaction Support Agreement pursuant to sections
365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and effective on the occurrence of the Effective Date. The Transaction Support Agreement shall be
binding and enforceable against the applicable parties thereto in accordance with its terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the assumption
of the Transaction Support Agreement shall not otherwise modify, alter, amend, or supersede any of the terms or conditions thereof including,
without limitation, any termination events or provisions thereunder.

Entry of the Combined Order
by the Bankruptcy Court shall constitute an order approving the assumption of the Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases pursuant to
sections 365(a) and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, effective on the occurrence of the Effective Date. Each Executory Contract and Unexpired
Lease assumed pursuant to this Plan or by Bankruptcy Court order shall re-vest in and be fully enforceable by the applicable Reorganized
Debtor in accordance with its terms, except as such terms may have been modified by order of the Bankruptcy Court.

To the maximum extent permitted
by law, unless otherwise provided herein, the transactions contemplated by this Plan shall not constitute a change of control
or assignment (or terms with similar effect) under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to this Plan,
or any other transaction, event, or matter that would (1) result in a violation, breach, or default under such Executory Contract or
Unexpired Lease, (2) increase, accelerate, or otherwise alter any obligations, rights, or liabilities of the Debtors or the Reorganized
Debtors under such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, or (3) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien upon any property or
asset of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors pursuant to the applicable Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. Any consent or advance
notice required under such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease in connection with assumption thereof (pursuant to the other provisions
of this Article V.A) shall be deemed satisfied by Confirmation.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan, but subject to the Consent Rights in Article I.C, the Debtors reserve the right to amend
or supplement the Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List in their discretion before the Effective Date and, after the Effective
Date, the Reorganized Debtors, shall have the right to amend Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List; provided, that
such right to amend shall not apply to any Unexpired Lease for nonresidential property; provided, further that the Debtors
shall give prompt notice of any such amendment or supplement to any affected counterparty and such counterparty shall have no less than
seven (7) days to object thereto on any grounds.

The Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired
Lease List shall be filed with the Plan Supplement, provided that the Debtors may amend such list (including by adding or removing
contracts and leases therefrom) at any time prior to the Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect
to any Unexpired Lease of nonresidential real property that is listed on the Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List, the effective
date of the rejection of any such Unexpired Lease shall be the later of (1) the Effective Date and (2) the date upon which the Debtors
notify the landlord in writing (email being sufficient) that they have surrendered the premises to the landlord and returned the keys,
key codes, or security codes, as applicable. Any property remaining on the premises subject to a rejected Unexpired Lease shall be deemed
abandoned by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, as of the effective date of rejection, and the counterparty to such
Unexpired Lease shall be authorized to use or dispose of any property left on the premises in its sole and absolute discretion without
notice or liability to the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, or any third party.

42

B. Payments on Assumed Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases

Any monetary default under
an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed pursuant to this Plan shall be satisfied, pursuant to section 365(b)(1) of the
Bankruptcy Code, by payment of the default amount in Cash in the ordinary course of business, subject to the limitation described below,
or on such other terms as the parties to such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease may otherwise agree.

Parties to Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases assumed by the Debtors pursuant to the Plan shall not be required to File a Proof of Claim or objection to assert
or preserve any Cure Cost. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, all Cure Cost shall be Unimpaired by the Plan and all
Cure Cost outstanding as of the Effective Date shall remain continuing obligations of the Reorganized Debtors following the Effective
Date subject to all parties rights and defenses with respect thereto.

Any and all Proofs of
Claim based upon Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that have been assumed in the Chapter 11 Cases, including pursuant to the Combined
Order, shall be deemed disallowed and expunged as of the Effective Date without the need for any objection thereto or any further notice
to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

In the event of a dispute
regarding (1) the ability of the Reorganized Debtors or any assignee to provide adequate assurance of future performance
(within the meaning of section 365(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) under the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to be assumed, or (2) any
other matter pertaining to assumption, the Bankruptcy Court shall hear such dispute before the assumption becoming effective; provided,
that the Debtors, with the consent of the Required Consenting Lenders may settle any such dispute and shall pay any agreed upon Cure
Cost without any further notice to any party or any action, order, or approval. The cure payments required by section 365(b)(1) of the
Bankruptcy Code shall be made following the entry of a Final Order(s) resolving the dispute and approving the assumption and shall not
prevent or delay implementation of this Plan or the occurrence of the Effective Date.

C. Claims Based on Rejection of Executory
Contracts and Unexpired Leases

Unless otherwise provided
by a Bankruptcy Court order, any Proofs of Claim asserting Rejection Damages Claims pursuant to this Plan or otherwise must be filed
with the Notice and Claims Agent within thirty (30) days of the later of (1) the effective date of the rejection of the applicable Executory
Contract or Unexpired Lease (which shall be the Confirmation Date unless otherwise provided in an order of the Bankruptcy Court providing
for the rejection of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease); (2) the Confirmation Date; or (3) the date of the order authorizing the
rejection of the applicable Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease. Any Rejection Damages Claims that are not timely filed shall be
automatically disallowed without further order of the Bankruptcy Court. All Allowed Rejection Damages Claims shall constitute General
Unsecured Claims and shall be treated in accordance with Article III.B.

Any Rejection Damages Claims
for Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that the Debtors, with the consent of the Required Consenting Term Lenders, elect to reject
shall be paid in full on the Effective Date, subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502(b)(6)
and 510(b); provided, that such Claim is not a Subordinated Claim, in which case such Claim shall be treated as a Subordinated
Claim pursuant to the terms of this Plan.

D. Contracts and Leases Entered into
After the Petition Date

Contracts and leases entered
into after the Petition Date by any Debtor, including any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed by any Debtor, shall be performed
by such Debtor or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable, liable thereunder in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, such contracts
and leases (including any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases assumed or assumed and assigned pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy
Code) that have not been rejected as of the Confirmation Date shall survive and remain unaffected by entry of the Combined Order.

43

E. Reservation of Rights

Nothing contained in this
Plan shall constitute an admission by the Debtors that any contract or lease is in fact an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease or that
any Reorganized Debtor has any liability thereunder. If there is a dispute regarding whether a contract or lease is or was executory
or unexpired at the time of assumption, the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall have thirty (30) days following entry
of a Final Order resolving such dispute to alter their treatment of such contract or lease. If there is a dispute regarding a Debtors
or Reorganized Debtors liability under an assumed Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease, the Reorganized Debtors shall be authorized
to move to have such dispute heard by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to Article X.

F. Directors and Officers Insurance
Policies

On the Effective Date the
Reorganized Debtors shall be deemed to have assumed all of the Debtors D&O Insurance Policies (including any tail coverage
and all agreements, documents, or instruments related thereto) in effect before the Effective Date pursuant to sections 105 and 365(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code, without the need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court. Confirmation
of this Plan shall not discharge, impair, or otherwise modify any indemnity obligations assumed by the foregoing assumption of the D&O
Insurance Policies, and each such indemnity obligation shall be deemed and treated as an Executory Contract that has been assumed by
the Debtors under this Plan as to which no Proof of Claim need be Filed. The Debtors and, after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors
shall retain the ability to supplement such D&O Insurance Policies as the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, may deem
necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, entry of the Combined Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of the Reorganized
Debtors foregoing assumption of each of the unexpired D&O Insurance Policies.

In addition, on or after
the Effective Date, none of the Reorganized Debtors shall terminate or otherwise reduce the coverage under any D&O Insurance Policies
(including any tail policy and all agreements, documents, or instruments related thereto) in effect on or before the Effective
Date, with respect to conduct occurring prior thereto, and all current and former directors, officers, and managers of the Debtors who
served in such capacity at any time before the Effective Date shall be entitled to the full benefits of any such policies for the full
term of such policies regardless of whether such current and former directors, officers, and managers remain in such positions after
the Effective Date, all in accordance with and subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the D&O Insurance Policies,
which shall not be altered.

G. Other Insurance Contracts

On the Effective Date, each
of the Debtors Insurance Contracts in existence as of the Effective Date shall be Reinstated and continued in accordance with
their terms and, to the extent applicable, shall be deemed assumed by the applicable Reorganized Debtor pursuant to section 365 of the
Bankruptcy Code and Article V. Nothing in this Plan shall affect, impair, or prejudice the rights of the insurance carriers, the
insureds, or the Reorganized Debtors under the Insurance Contracts in any manner, and such insurance carriers, the insureds, and Reorganized
Debtors shall retain all rights and defenses under such Insurance Contracts. The Insurance Contracts shall apply to and be enforceable
by and against the insureds and the Reorganized Debtors in the same manner and according to the same terms and practices applicable to
the Debtors, as existed before the Effective Date.

44

H. Indemnification Provisions and
Reimbursement Obligations

On and as of the Effective
Date, and except as prohibited by applicable law and subject to the limitations set forth herein, the Indemnification Provisions shall
be assumed and irrevocable and shall survive the effectiveness of this Plan, and the New Organizational Documents shall provide to the
fullest extent provided by law for the indemnification, defense, reimbursement, exculpation, and/or limitation of liability of, and advancement
of fees and expenses to the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors current and former directors, officers, equity holders,
managers, members, employees, accountants, investment bankers, attorneys, other professionals, agents of the Debtors, and such current
and former directors, officers, equity holders, managers, members, and employees respective
Affiliates (each of the foregoing solely in their capacity as such) at least to the same extent as the Indemnification Provisions, against
any Claims or Causes of Action whether direct or derivative, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, disputed or undisputed,
matured or unmatured, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted or unasserted. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the
contrary, none of the Reorganized Debtors shall amend and/or restate the New Organizational Documents before or after the Effective Date
to terminate or adversely affect any of the Indemnification Provisions.

I. Employee Compensation and Benefits

1.Compensation and Benefits Programs

Subject to the provisions
of this Plan, all Compensation and Benefits Programs (other than awards of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and
other equity awards, equity or equity-based incentive plans, employee stock purchase plans, and any other agreements or awards, or provisions
set forth in any Compensation and Benefits Programs or Assumed Employee Agreement that provide for rights to acquire Interests or New
Equity Interests and any agreement or plan whose value is related to Interests or New Equity Interests or other ownership interests of
the Debtors, which, in each case, shall not constitute or be deemed to constitute Executory Contracts and shall be deemed terminated
on the Effective Date) shall be treated as Executory Contracts under this Plan and deemed assumed on the Effective Date pursuant to the
provisions of sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code. All Proofs of Claim Filed for amounts due under any Compensation and
Benefits Program shall be considered satisfied by the applicable agreement and/or program and agreement to assume and cure in the ordinary
course as provided in this Plan. All collective bargaining agreements to which any Debtor is a party, and all Compensation and Benefits
Programs which are maintained pursuant to such collective bargaining agreements or to which contributions are made or benefits provided
pursuant to a current or past collective bargaining agreement, shall be deemed assumed on the Effective Date pursuant to the provisions
of sections 365 and 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code and the Reorganized Debtors reserve all of their rights under such agreements. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, shall honor all their obligations under section 1114 of the Bankruptcy
Code.

None of the Restructuring
Transactions, or any assumption of Compensation and Benefits Programs pursuant to the terms herein shall be deemed to trigger any applicable
change of control, vesting, termination, acceleration, or similar provisions therein; provided, that the Assumed Employee Agreements
shall be assumed and governed by the terms thereof. Subject to the preceding sentence, no counterparty shall have rights under a Compensation
and Benefits Program assumed pursuant to this Plan other than those applicable immediately before such assumption.

2.Workers Compensation Programs

As of the Effective Date,
except as set forth in the Plan Supplement, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors shall continue to honor their obligations under:
(a) all applicable state workers compensation laws; and (b) the Workers Compensation Contracts. All Proofs of Claims filed
by the Debtors current or former employees on account of workers compensation shall be deemed withdrawn automatically and
without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court based upon the treatment provided for herein; provided,
that nothing in this Plan shall limit, diminish, or otherwise alter the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors defenses, Causes
of Action, or other rights under applicable non-bankruptcy law with respect to the Workers Compensation Contracts; provided,
further, that nothing herein shall be deemed to impose any obligations on the Debtors in addition to what is provided for under
applicable non-bankruptcy law and/or the Workers Compensation Contracts.

45

Article VI.

PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS

A. Timing
and Calculation of Amounts to Be Distributed

Unless otherwise provided
in this Plan, on the Effective Date (or if a Claim is not an Allowed Claim on the Effective Date, on the date that such Claim becomes
an Allowed Claim, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), each Holder of an Allowed Claim shall receive the full amount of
the distributions that this Plan provides for Allowed Claims in the applicable Class; provided, that any Allowed Administrative
Claims with respect to liabilities incurred by the Debtors in the ordinary course of business during the Chapter 11 Cases or assumed
by the Debtors before the Effective Date shall be paid or performed in the ordinary course of business.

In the event that any payment
or act under this Plan is required to be made or performed on a date that is not a Business Day, then the making of such payment or the
performance of such act may be completed on the next succeeding Business Day, but shall be deemed to have been completed as of the required
date.

If and to the extent that
there are Disputed Claims, distributions on account of any such Disputed Claims shall be made pursuant to the provisions set forth in
Article VII. Except as otherwise provided herein, Holders of Claims shall not be entitled to postpetition interest, dividends,
or accruals on the distributions provided for herein, regardless of whether such distributions are delivered on or at any time after
the Effective Date.

B. Special
Rules for Distributions to Holders of Disputed Claims

Except as otherwise agreed
by the relevant parties: (1) no partial payments and no partial distributions shall be made with respect to a Disputed Claim until all
such disputes in connection with such Disputed Claim have been resolved by settlement or Final Order; and (2) any Entity that holds both
an Allowed Claim and a Disputed Claim shall not receive any distribution on the Allowed Claim unless and until all objections to the
Disputed Claim have been resolved by settlement or Final Order or such Claims or Interests have been Allowed or expunged.

C. Rights
and Powers of Distribution Agent

1.Powers of the Distribution Agent

The Distribution Agent shall
be empowered to: (a) effect all actions and execute all agreements, instruments, and other documents necessary to perform its duties
under this Plan; (b) make all distributions contemplated hereby; (c) employ professionals to represent it with respect to its
responsibilities; and (d) exercise such other powers as may be vested in the Distribution Agent by order of the Bankruptcy Court,
pursuant to this Plan, or as deemed by the Distribution Agent to be necessary and proper to implement the provisions hereof.

46

2.Expenses Incurred on or After the Effective Date and Indemnification

Except as otherwise ordered
by the Bankruptcy Court, the amount of any reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Distribution Agent on or after the Effective
Date (including taxes in connection with this Plan, but excluding any income, franchise, or similar taxes), and any reasonable compensation
and expense reimbursement claims (including reasonable attorney fees and expenses), made by the Distribution Agent shall be paid in Cash
by the Reorganized Debtors.

D. Delivery
of Distributions

1.Record Date for Distributions

On the Distribution Record
Date, the Claims Register shall be closed and any party responsible for making distributions shall instead be authorized and entitled
to recognize only those record Holders listed on the Claims Register as of the close of business on the Distribution Record Date. The
Distribution Record Date shall not apply to distributions in respect of Securities deposited with DTC, the Holders of which shall receive
distributions, if any, in accordance with the customary exchange procedures of DTC or this Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, in connection
with a distribution through the facilities of DTC (if any), DTC shall be considered a single Holder for purposes of distributions.

2.Delivery of Distributions in General

Except as otherwise provided
herein, the Distribution Agent shall make distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims as of the Distribution Record Date, or, if applicable,
to such Holders designee, as appropriate: (a) at the address for each such Holder as indicated on the Debtors records as
of the Distribution Record Date; (b) to the signatory set forth on any Proof of Claim Filed by such Holder or other Representative identified
therein (or at the last known addresses of such Holder if no Proof of Claim is Filed or if the Debtors have not been notified in writing
of a change of address); (c) at the addresses set forth in any written notices of address changes delivered to the Reorganized Debtors
or the applicable Distribution Agent, as appropriate, after the date of any related Proof of Claim; or (d) on any counsel that has appeared
in the Chapter 11 Cases on the Holders behalf; provided, that the manner of such distributions shall be determined at the
discretion of the Reorganized Debtors.

All distributions to Holders
of DIP Claims shall be made to the DIP Agents or the Exit Term Loan Agent, as applicable, and the DIP Agents or the Exit Term Loan Agent
shall be, and shall act as, the Distribution Agent with respect to the DIP Claims in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Plan and the applicable debt documents.

All distributions to Holders
of Prepetition Term Loan Claims shall be made to the Prepetition Term Loan Agent, and the Prepetition Term Loan Agent shall be, and shall
act as, the Distribution Agent with respect to the Prepetition Term Loan Claims in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Plan
and the applicable debt documents.

3.Minimum Distributions

Notwithstanding any provision
in this Plan to the contrary, no Distribution Agent shall be required to make distributions or payments of less than $100 (whether in
Cash or otherwise) with respect to Impaired Claims. No fractional shares of New Equity Interests shall be distributed and no Cash shall
be distributed in lieu of such fractional amounts. When any distribution pursuant to this Plan on account of an Allowed Claim would otherwise
result in the issuance of a number of shares of New Equity Interests that is not a whole number, the actual distribution of shares of
New Equity Interests shall be rounded as follows: (a) fractions of one-half () or greater shall be rounded to the next higher
whole number and (b) fractions of less than one-half () shall be rounded to the next lower whole number with no further payment
therefore. The total number of authorized shares of New Equity Interests to be distributed under this Plan shall be adjusted as necessary
to account for the foregoing rounding. For distribution purposes (including rounding), DTC shall be treated as a single Holder.

47

4.Undeliverable Distributions

In the event that any distribution
to any Holder of Allowed Claims is returned as undeliverable, no distribution to such Holder shall be made unless and until the Distribution
Agent has determined the then-current address of such Holder, at which time such distribution shall be made to such Holder without interest;
provided, that such distributions shall be deemed unclaimed property under section 347(b) of the Bankruptcy Code at the expiration
of one (1) year from the Effective Date. After such date, all unclaimed property or interests in property shall revert to the Reorganized
Debtors automatically and without need for a further order by the Bankruptcy Court (notwithstanding any applicable federal, provincial
or state escheat, abandoned, or unclaimed property laws to the contrary), and the Claim of any Holder of Claims to such property or interest
in property shall be discharged and forever barred.

E. Compliance
with Tax Requirements; Allocations

In connection with this Plan
and all distributions hereunder, the Reorganized Debtors and any other applicable Distribution Agent (including for purposes of this
Article VI, the Debtors) shall comply with all applicable withholding and reporting requirements imposed on them by any Governmental
Unit, and all distributions hereunder and under all related agreements shall be subject to any such withholding and reporting requirements.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, the Reorganized Debtors and any other applicable Distribution Agent shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to take any and all actions that may be necessary or appropriate to comply with such applicable
withholding and reporting requirements, including (a) withholding distributions and amounts therefrom pending receipt of information
necessary to facilitate such distributions, including properly executed withholding certification forms, and (b) in the case of a non-Cash
distribution that is subject to withholding, withholding an appropriate portion of such property and either liquidating such withheld
property to generate sufficient funds to pay applicable withholding taxes (or reimburse the distributing party for any advance payment
of the withholding tax) or pay the withholding tax using its own funds and retain such withheld property. Notwithstanding any provision
in this Plan to the contrary, each Holder of an Allowed Claim shall have the sole and exclusive responsibility for the satisfaction and
payment of any tax obligations imposed by any Governmental Unit, including income, withholding, and other tax obligations, on account
of such distribution. Any amounts withheld or reallocated pursuant to this Article VI shall be treated as if distributed to the
Holder of the Allowed Claim.

Any Person or Entity entitled
to receive any property as an issuance or distribution under this Plan shall, upon request of the Reorganized Debtors or any other applicable
Distribution Agent, deliver to the applicable Reorganized Debtor or any other applicable Distribution Agent, or such other Person designated
by the Reorganized Debtors or the Distribution Agent, an IRS Form W-9 or, if the payee is a foreign Person or Entity, an applicable IRS
Form W-8 (together with all attachments), or any other forms or documents reasonably requested by a Reorganized Debtor or Distribution
Agent to reduce or eliminate any withholding required by any Governmental Unit.

The Reorganized Debtors reserve
the right to allocate all distributions made under this Plan in compliance with all applicable wage garnishments, alimony, child support
and other spousal awards, Liens, and encumbrances.

48

F. Applicability
of Insurance Contracts

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan, the Plan Supplement, the Disclosure Statement, or the Combined Order (including, without limitation, any
provision that purports to be preemptory or supervening, confers Bankruptcy Court jurisdiction, or requires a party to opt out of any
releases):

1.on and after the Effective Date, all Insurance Contracts (a) are found to be and shall be treated as, Executory Contracts under
this Plan and shall be assumed pursuant to sections 105 and 365 of the Bankruptcy Code by the applicable Debtor, and/or (b) shall vest
in the Reorganized Debtors and ride through and continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms in either
case such that the Reorganized Debtors shall become and remain jointly and severally liable in full for, and shall satisfy, any premiums,
deductibles, self-insured retentions, and/or any other amounts or obligations arising in any way out of the receipt of payment from an
Insurer in respect of the Insurance Contracts and as to which no Proof of Claim, Administrative Claim, or Cure Cost claim need be filed;
and

2.solely with respect to Insurance Contracts, which, for avoidance of doubt, includes any and all collateral or security securing
the Debtors obligations under the insurance policies, including, without limitation, escrow accounts, deposit accounts, Cash Collateral,
and letters of credit, the automatic stay of section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and the injunctions set forth in this Plan, if and
to the extent applicable, shall be deemed lifted without further order of this Bankruptcy Court, solely to permit (a) claimants with
valid workers compensation claims or direct action claims against Insurers under applicable non-bankruptcy law to proceed with
their claims; (b) Insurers to administer, handle, defend, settle, and/or pay, in the ordinary course of business and without further
order of this Bankruptcy Court, (i) workers compensation claims, (ii) claims where a claimant asserts a direct claim against an
Insurer under applicable non-bankruptcy law, or an order has been entered by this Bankruptcy Court granting a claimant relief from the
automatic stay or the injunctions set forth in this Plan to proceed with its claim, and (iii) all costs in relation to each of the foregoing;
and (c) the Insurers to collect from any or all of the collateral or security provided by or on behalf of the Debtors (or the Reorganized
Debtors) at any time and to hold the proceeds thereof as security for the obligations of the Debtors (or the Reorganized Debtors) and/or
apply such proceeds to the obligations of the Debtors (or the Reorganized Debtors) under the applicable Insurance Contracts, in such
order as the applicable Insurer may determine.

Nothing contained in this
Plan shall constitute or be deemed a waiver of any Cause of Action that the Debtors or any Entity may hold against any other Entity,
including Insurers under any Insurance Contracts, nor shall anything contained herein constitute or be deemed a waiver by such Insurers
of any rights or defenses, including coverage defenses, held by such Insurers under the Insurance Contracts and/or applicable non-bankruptcy
law.

G. Allocation of Distributions Between
Principal and Interest

Except as otherwise required
by law (as reasonably determined by the Reorganized Debtors), distributions with respect to an Allowed Claim shall be allocated for United
States federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes first to the principal portion of such Allowed Claim and, thereafter,
to the remaining portion of such Allowed Claim, if any.

H. No Postpetition Interest on Claims

Unless otherwise specifically
provided for in this Plan, any other Definitive Document, the Combined Order, the DIP/Cash Collateral Orders, or any other Final Order
of the Bankruptcy Court, or required by applicable bankruptcy law (including, without limitation, as required pursuant to section 506(b)
or section 511 of the Bankruptcy Code), postpetition interest shall not accrue or be paid on any Claims and no Holder of a Claim or Interest
shall be entitled to interest accruing on or after the Petition Date on any Claim.

49

I. Means of Cash Payment

Payments of Cash made pursuant
to this Plan shall be in United States dollars and shall be made, at the option of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors (as applicable),
by checks drawn on, or wire transfer from, a domestic bank selected by the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. Cash payments to foreign
creditors may be made, at the option of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, in such funds and by such means as are necessary or customary
in a particular foreign jurisdiction.

J. Setoffs and Recoupment

Except as otherwise provided
herein, each Reorganized Debtor pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code (including section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code), applicable bankruptcy
or non-bankruptcy law, or as may be agreed to by the Holder of an Allowed Claim, may set off or recoup against any Allowed Claim and
the distributions to be made pursuant to this Plan on account of such Allowed Claim, any Claims, rights, and Causes of Action of any
nature that the applicable Debtor or Reorganized Debtor may hold against the Holder of such Allowed Claim, to the extent such Claims,
rights, or Causes of Action have not been otherwise compromised, settled, or assigned on or before the Effective Date (whether pursuant
to this Plan, a Final Order or otherwise); provided, that neither the failure to effect such a setoff or recoupment nor the allowance
of any Claim pursuant to this Plan shall constitute a waiver or release by such Reorganized Debtor of any such Claims, rights, and Causes
of Action.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, nothing in this Plan or the Combined Order shall modify the rights, if any, of any counterparty to a rejected
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to assert any right of setoff or recoupment that such party may have under applicable bankruptcy
law or non-bankruptcy law, including, but not limited to, the (1) ability, if any, of such parties to setoff or recoup a security deposit
held pursuant to the terms of their rejected Unexpired Lease(s) with the Debtors, or any successors to the Debtors, under this Plan,
(2) assertion of rights of setoff or recoupment, if any, in connection with Claims reconciliation, or (3) assertion of setoff or recoupment
as a defense, if any, to any Claim or action by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or any successors of the Debtors.

K. Claims Paid or Payable by Third
Parties

1.Claims Paid by Third Parties

A Claim shall be correspondingly
reduced, and the applicable portion of such Claim shall be disallowed without an objection to such Claim having to be Filed and without
any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, to the extent that the Holder of such Claim receives a payment
on account of such Claim from a party that is not a Debtor or Reorganized Debtor. To the extent a Holder of a Claim receives a distribution
on account of such Claim and receives payment from a party that is not a Debtor or a Reorganized Debtor on account of such Claim, such
Holder shall, within fourteen (14) days of receipt thereof, repay or return the distribution to the Reorganized Debtors to the extent
the Holders total recovery on account of such Claim from the third party and under this Plan exceeds the amount of such Claim
as of the date of any such distribution under this Plan. The failure of such Holder to timely repay or return such distribution shall
result in the Holder owing the Reorganized Debtors annualized interest at the Federal Judgment Rate on such amount owed for each Business
Day after the fourteen (14) day grace period specified above until the amount is repaid.

50

2.Claims Payable by Insurers

No distributions under this
Plan shall be made on account of an Allowed Claim that is payable pursuant to one of the Debtors Insurance Contracts until the
Holder of such Allowed Claim has exhausted all remedies with respect to such Insurance Contract. To the extent that one or more of the
Insurers agrees to satisfy in full or in part a Claim (if and to the extent adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction), then immediately
upon such Insurers agreement, the applicable portion of such Claim may be expunged without a Claim objection having to be Filed
and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

3.Insurance Contracts

Except as otherwise provided
in this Plan, distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims shall be in accordance with the provisions of any applicable Insurance Contract.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing contained in this Plan shall constitute or be deemed a release, settlement,
satisfaction, compromise, or waiver of any Cause of Action that the Debtors or any other Entity may hold against any other Entity, including
Insurers, under any Insurance Contracts or applicable indemnity, nor shall anything contained herein constitute or be deemed a waiver
by such Insurers of any defenses, including coverage defenses, held by such Insurers.

Article VII.

PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING CONTINGENT,

UNLIQUIDATED, AND DISPUTED CLAIMS

A. No Filings of Proofs of Claim

Except as otherwise provided
in this Plan, Holders of Claims shall not be required to File a Proof of Claim, and except as provided in this Plan, no parties should
File a Proof of Claim. The Debtors do not intend to object in the Bankruptcy Court to the allowance of Claims Filed; provided,
that the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, reserve the right to object to any Claim that is entitled, or deemed to
be entitled, to a distribution under this Plan or is rendered Unimpaired under this Plan. Instead, the Debtors intend to make distributions,
as required by this Plan, in accordance with the books and records of the Debtors. Unless disputed by a Holder of a Claim, the amount
set forth in the books and records of the Debtors shall constitute the amount of the Allowed Claim of such Holder except that (unless
expressly waived pursuant to this Plan) the Allowed amount of such Claim shall be subject to the limitations or maximum amounts permitted
by the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502 and 503 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent applicable. If any such Holder of a Claim
disagrees with the Debtors books and records with respect to the Allowed amount of such Holders Claim, such Holder must
so advise the Debtors in writing within thirty (30) days of receipt of any distribution on account of such Holders Claim, in which
event the Claim shall become a Disputed Claim. The Debtors intend to attempt to resolve any such disputes consensually or through judicial
means outside the Bankruptcy Court. Nevertheless, the Debtors may, in their discretion, File with the Bankruptcy Court (or any other
court of competent jurisdiction) an objection to the allowance of any Claim or any other appropriate motion or adversary proceeding with
respect thereto. All such objections shall be litigated to Final Order; provided, that the Debtors may compromise, settle, withdraw,
or resolve by any other method approved by the Bankruptcy Court any objections to Claims.

All Proofs of Claim, other
than Rejection Damages Claims, Filed in the Chapter 11 Cases shall be considered objected to and Disputed without further action by the
Debtors. Upon the Effective Date, all Proofs of Claim, other than Rejection Damages Claims, Filed against the Debtors, regardless of
the time of filing, and including Proofs of Claim, other than Rejection Damages Claims, Filed after the Effective Date, shall be deemed
withdrawn and expunged, other than as provided below. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, disputes regarding the amount
of any Cure Cost pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code and Claims that the Debtors seek to have determined by the Bankruptcy
Court, shall in all cases be determined by the Bankruptcy Court. Except as otherwise provided herein, all Proofs of Claim, other than
Rejection Damages Claims, Filed after the Effective Date shall be disallowed and forever barred, estopped, and enjoined from assertion,
and shall not be enforceable against any Reorganized Debtor, without the need for any objection by the Reorganized Debtors or any further
notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

51

B. Allowance and Disallowance of Claims

After the Effective Date,
and except as otherwise provided in this Plan, the Reorganized Debtors shall have and shall retain any and all available rights and defenses
that the Debtors had with respect to any Claim immediately before the Effective Date, including, without limitation, the right to assert
any objection to Claims based on the limitations imposed by section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors
may, but are not required to, contest the amount and validity of any Disputed Claim or contingent or unliquidated Claim in the ordinary
course of business in the manner and venue in which such Claim would have been determined, resolved or adjudicated if the Chapter 11
Cases had not been commenced.

All Claims and Interests
of any Entity from which property is sought by the Debtors under sections 542, 543, 550, or 553 of the Bankruptcy Code or that the Debtors
or the Reorganized Debtors allege is a transferee of a transfer that is avoidable under sections 522(f), 522(h), 544, 545, 547, 548,
549, or 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be disallowed if: (1) the Entity, on the one hand, and the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors,
as applicable, on the other hand, agree or the Bankruptcy Court has determined by Final Order that such Entity or transferee is liable
to turn over any property or monies under any of the aforementioned sections of the Bankruptcy Code; and (2) such Entity or transferee
has failed to turn over such property by the date set forth in such agreement or Final Order.

C. Claims Administration Responsibilities

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Plan, after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall have the sole authority: (1) to File, withdraw, or litigate
to judgment, objections to Claims or Interests; (2) to settle or compromise any Disputed Claim or Interest without any further notice
to or action, order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court; and (3) to administer and adjust the Claims Register to reflect any such settlements
or compromises without any further notice to or action, order, or approval by the Bankruptcy Court. For the avoidance of doubt, except
as otherwise provided herein, from and after the Effective Date, each Reorganized Debtor shall have and retain any and all rights and
defenses such Debtor had immediately before the Effective Date with respect to any Disputed Claim or Interest, including the Causes of
Action retained pursuant to this Plan.

Any objections to Claims
and Interests other than General Unsecured Claims must be served and Filed on or before the 120th day after the Effective Date or by
such later date as ordered by the Bankruptcy Court. All Claims and Interests other than General Unsecured Claims not objected to by the
end of such 120-day period shall be deemed Allowed unless such period is extended upon approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

Any objections to Rejection
Damages Claims must be served and Filed on or before the 120th day after the Effective Date or by such later date as ordered by the Bankruptcy
Court. All Rejection Damages Claims not objected to by the end of such 120-day period shall be deemed Allowed unless such period is extended
upon approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Debtors and Reorganized Debtors shall be entitled to dispute and/or otherwise object to any General Unsecured Claim in accordance
with applicable non-bankruptcy law. If the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors dispute any General Unsecured Claim, such dispute shall be
determined, resolved, or adjudicated, as the case may be, in the manner as if the Chapter 11 Cases had not been commenced; provided,
that any disputes regarding the Allowance of a Rejection Damages Claim shall be determined by the Bankruptcy Court. In any action or
proceeding to determine the existence, validity, or amount of any General Unsecured Claim, any and all claims or defenses that could
have been asserted by the applicable Debtor(s) or the Entity holding such General Unsecured Claim are preserved as if the Chapter 11
Cases had not been commenced.

52

D. Adjustment to Claims or Interests
without Objection

Any duplicate Claim or Interest
or any Claim or Interest that has been paid, satisfied, amended, or superseded may be adjusted or expunged on the Claims Register by
the Reorganized Debtors without the Reorganized Debtors having to File an application, motion, complaint, objection, or any other legal
proceeding seeking to object to such Claim or Interest and without any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy
Court.

E. Distributions After Allowance

To the extent that a Disputed
Claim ultimately becomes an Allowed Claim, distributions (if any) shall be made to the Holder of such Allowed Claim in accordance with
the provisions of this Plan. As soon as reasonably practicable after the date that the order or judgment of the Bankruptcy Court allowing
any Disputed Claim becomes a Final Order, the Reorganized Debtors shall provide to the Holder of such Claim the distribution (if any)
to which such Holder is entitled under this Plan as of the Effective Date, without any postpetition interest to be paid on account of
such Claim.

Article VIII.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE

A. Conditions Precedent to the Effective
Date

The following are conditions
precedent to the Effective Date that must be satisfied or waived pursuant to the provisions of Article VIII.B:

1.The Transaction Support Agreement shall be in full force and effect, no termination event or event that would give rise to a termination
event under the Transaction Support Agreement upon the expiration of any applicable grace period shall have occurred and remain occurring,
and the Transaction Support Agreement shall not have been validly terminated before the Effective Date.

2.The DIP Facilities and all DIP Facilities Documents shall be in full force and effect, no event of default or event that would
give rise to an event of default under the DIP Facilities Documents upon the expiration of the applicable grace period shall have occurred
and remain occurring, and the DIP Term Loan Facility shall not have been validly terminated before the Effective Date.

3.Any non-technical and/or immaterial amendments, modifications or supplements to this Plan
have been consented to by the Debtors and the Required Consenting Term Lenders.

4.All of the actions set forth in the Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum that are contemplated therein to be completed and
implemented on or prior to the Effective Date, as applicable, shall have been completed and implemented in accordance with the terms
thereof.

5.The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Final DIP/Cash Collateral Order, and such order shall be in a Final Order and shall
remain in full force and effect.

53

6.The final version of the Plan Supplement shall have been filed and all of the schedules, documents, and exhibits contained therein
shall be consistent in all material respects with the Transaction Support Agreement, the Transaction Term Sheet, the DIP & Exit ABL
Commitment Letter, and this Plan.

7.The Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Combined Order, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting
Term Lenders and Debtors and consistent in all material respects with the Transaction Term Sheet and the Transaction Support Agreement
and shall not be subject to a stay, and the Plan shall not have been amended, altered, or modified from this Plan as confirmed by the
Combined Order in any material respect, unless such material amendment, alteration, or modification has been made in accordance with
this Plan and shall:

a. authorize the Debtors to take all actions
necessary to enter into, implement, and consummate the contracts, instruments, releases,
leases, indentures, and other agreements or documents created in connection with this Plan;

b. be in form and substance acceptable to the
Required DIP Term Lenders;

c. authorize the assumption, assumption and
assignment, and/or rejection of the Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases by the Debtors
as contemplated in this Plan and the Plan Supplement;

d. decree that the provisions in the Combined
Order and this Plan are nonseverable and mutually dependent;

e. authorize the Debtors to: (i) implement the
Restructuring Transactions; (ii) distribute the New Equity Interests pursuant to the
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by section 1145 of the Bankruptcy
Code or other exemption from such registration or pursuant to one or more registration statements;
(iii) make all distributions and issuances as required under this Plan consistent with the
Transaction Term Sheet, including the New Equity Interests; and (iv) enter into any agreements,
transactions, and sales of property as contemplated by this Plan and the Plan Supplement,
including the Management Incentive Plan;

f. authorize the implementation of this Plan
in accordance with its terms; and

g. provide that, pursuant to section 1146 of
the Bankruptcy Code, the assignment or surrender of any lease or sublease, and the delivery
of any deed or other instrument or transfer order, in furtherance of, or in connection with
this Plan, including any deeds, bills of sale, or assignments executed in connection with
any disposition or transfer of assets contemplated under this Plan, shall not be subject
to any stamp, real estate transfer, mortgage recording, or other similar tax.

8.Each document or agreement necessary to effectuate the Plan, including all Definitive Documents, shall have been executed and/or
effectuated, shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Required Consenting Term Lenders and Company Parties, and shall be consistent
with the Transaction Support Agreement or the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter, as applicable, including the consent rights provided
therein, and any conditions precedent related thereto or contained therein shall have been satisfied prior to or contemporaneously with
the occurrence of the Effective Date or otherwise waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable Definitive Documents.

54

9.The Debtors shall have obtained all authorizations, consents, regulatory approvals, rulings, or documents that are necessary to
implement and effectuate the Restructuring Transactions, and all applicable regulatory or government imposed waiting periods shall have
expired or been terminated.

10.All governmental and third-party approvals and consents that may be necessary in connection with the Restructuring Transactions
shall have been obtained, not be subject to unfulfilled conditions, and be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods
shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that would restrain, prevent, or otherwise
impose materially adverse conditions on the Restructuring Transactions.

11.No court of competent jurisdiction or other competent governmental or regulatory authority shall have issued any order making
illegal or otherwise restricting, limiting, preventing, or prohibiting the consummation of any of the Restructuring Transactions.

12.The Debtors shall have paid in full all professional fees and expenses of the Retained Professionals that require the Bankruptcy
Courts approval or amounts sufficient to pay such fees and expenses after the Effective Date shall have been placed in the Professional
Fee Escrow Account pending the Bankruptcy Courts approval of such fees and expenses.

13.The Restructuring Fees and Expenses shall have been paid in full in Cash (subject to any order of the Bankruptcy Court).

14.The restructuring to be implemented on the Effective Date shall be consistent with this Plan, the Transaction Support Agreement,
and the DIP & Exit ABL Commitment Letter.

15.There shall not have been instituted or threatened or be pending any material action, proceeding, application, claim, counterclaim,
or investigation (whether formal or informal) (or there shall not have been any material adverse development to any action, application,
claim, counterclaim, or proceeding currently instituted, threatened, or pending) before or by any court, governmental, regulatory or
administrative agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or by any other person, domestic or foreign, in connection with the Restructuring
Transactions that, in the reasonable judgment of the Debtors and the Required Consenting Term Lenders would prohibit, prevent, or restrict
consummation of the Restructuring Transactions in a materially adverse manner.

Following the satisfaction
or waiver of the foregoing, concurrently with or immediately following effectiveness of this Plan on the Effective Date:

1.The Existing Equity Interests shall have been canceled and the New Equity Interests shall have been issued by Reorganized Parent
and distributed in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

2.The New Equity Interests to be issued and/or delivered on the Effective Date (as set forth in this Plan) shall have been validly
issued by Reorganized Parent, shall be fully paid and non-assessable, and shall be free and clear of all taxes, Liens and other encumbrances,
pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, subscription rights and similar rights, except for any restrictions on transfer as may be
imposed by (i) applicable securities Laws and (ii) the New Organizational Documents of Reorganized Parent.

3.All conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the Exit Facilities and all other financing agreements and arrangements contemplated
hereunder, as applicable, shall be or have been, as applicable, funded and closed and be in full force and effect.

4.The Releases set forth in this Plan shall be in full force and effect.

55

5.The Debtors shall have paid in full to the relevant Persons all payments and fees provided for in the Transaction Support Agreement,
the Transaction Term Sheet, and applicable Definitive Documents that are payable on, before, or in connection with the occurrence of
the Effective Date.

Immediately following effectiveness
of the Plan, the Reorganized Debtors shall complete the termination of registration of all Securities under sections 13 and 15(d) of
the Exchange Act such that the Reorganized Debtors shall be a private company as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date.

B. Waiver of Conditions

Subject to section 1127 of
the Bankruptcy Code, the conditions to Confirmation and consummation of this Plan set forth in this Article VIII may be waived
by the Debtors, with the consent of the Required Consenting Lenders, without notice, leave, or order of the Bankruptcy Court or any formal
action other than proceeding to confirm or consummate this Plan. The failure of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors to exercise any of
the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights, and each right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted
at any time.

C. Effect of Non-Occurrence of Conditions
to the Effective Date

If the Confirmation of this
Plan or the Effective Date does not occur with respect to one or more of the Debtors on or before the termination of the Transaction
Support Agreement, then this Plan shall, with respect to such applicable Debtor or Debtors, be null and void in all respects and nothing
contained in this Plan or the Disclosure Statement shall: (1) constitute a waiver or release of any claims by or Claims against or Interests
in the Debtors; (2) prejudice in any manner the rights of the Debtors, any Holders, or any other Person or Entity; (3) constitute an
allowance of any Claim or Interest; or (4) constitute an admission, acknowledgment, offer, or undertaking by the Debtors, any Holders,
or any other Person or Entity in any respect.

D. Substantial Consummation

Substantial consummation
of this Plan, as defined in section 1102(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, shall be deemed to occur on the Effective Date.

Article IX.

DISCHARGE, RELEASE, INJUNCTION, AND RELATED PROVISIONS

A. Discharge of Claims and Termination
of Interests

Pursuant to and to the fullest
extent permitted by section 1141(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, and except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, the Combined
Order, the Definitive Documents, or in any contract, instrument, or other agreement or document created or entered into, the distributions,
rights, and treatment that are provided in this Plan shall be in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge, effective
as of the Effective Date, of Claims (including any Intercompany Claims resolved or compromised after the Effective Date by the Reorganized
Debtors), Interests, and Causes of Action of any nature whatsoever, including any interest accrued on Claims or Interests from and after
the Petition Date, whether known or unknown, against, liabilities of, demands against, Liens on, obligations of, rights against, and
Interests in, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Estates, or any of their assets or properties, regardless of whether any property
shall have been distributed or retained pursuant to this Plan on account of such Claims and Interests, including demands, liabilities,
and Causes of Action that arose before the Effective Date, any liability (including withdrawal liability) to the extent such Claims or
Interests relate to services performed by employees of the Debtors before the Effective Date and that arise from a termination of employment,
any contingent or non-contingent liability on account of representations or warranties issued on or before the Effective Date, and all
debts of the kind specified in sections 502(g), 502(h), or 502(i) of the Bankruptcy Code, in each case whether or not: (1) a Proof
of Claim based upon such debt or right is Filed or deemed Filed pursuant to section 501 of the Bankruptcy Code; (2) a Claim or Interest
based upon such debt, right, or Interest is Allowed pursuant to section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code; or (3) the Holder of such a Claim
or Interest has accepted this Plan. The Combined Order shall be a judicial determination of the discharge of all Claims and Interests
subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date.

56

Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule
9019 and in consideration for the distributions and other benefits provided pursuant to this Plan, the provisions of this Plan shall
constitute a good-faith compromise of all Claims, Interests, and controversies relating to the contractual, legal, and subordination
rights that a Holder of a Claim or Interest may have with respect to any Allowed Claim or Interest or any distribution to be made on
account of such Allowed Claim or Interest. The entry of the Combined Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of
the compromise or settlement of all such Claims, Interests, and controversies as well as a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that such
compromise or settlement is in the best interests of the Debtors, the Estates, and Holders of Claims and Interests and is fair, equitable,
and reasonable. In accordance with the provisions of this Plan, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, without any further notice to or action,
order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, after the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors may compromise and settle Claims against
the Debtors and the Estates and Causes of Action against other Entities.

B. Releases by the Debtors

To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, and except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Combined
Order, pursuant to section 1123(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, as of the Effective Date, in exchange for good and valuable consideration,
the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Released Party, in each case on behalf of itself and its respective successors, assigns,
and Representatives, and any and all other Entities who may purport to assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively,
by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities, is and is deemed to be, forever and unconditionally released, and absolved by
each Debtor, Reorganized Debtor, and the Estates from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, whether known or unknown, including any
derivative claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, the Estates, or the Reorganized Debtors that such Entity would have
been legally entitled to assert in its own right (whether individually or collectively) or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim against,
or Interest in, a Debtor or other Entity, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in whole or in part, (1) the management,
ownership, or operation of the Debtors or the Non-Debtor Affiliates, (2) the purchase, sale, or rescission of any security of the Debtors
or the Non-Debtor Affiliates, (3) the subject matter of, or the transactions, events, circumstances, acts or omissions giving rise to,
any Claim or Interest that is treated in the Restructuring Transactions, including the negotiation, formulation, or preparation of the
Restructuring Transactions, (4) the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor or Non-Debtor Affiliate and any other Entity,
(5) the Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, (6) intercompany transactions, (7)
the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, filing, or consummation of this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Transaction
Support Agreement, the Definitive Documents, the Prepetition ABL Facility Documents, the Prepetition Term Loan Documents, the DIP Facilities
Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents (and any financing permitted thereunder), the New Governance Documents, the Chapter 11 Cases,
or any Restructuring Transaction, (8) any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection
with this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Transaction Support Agreement, the Definitive Documents, the Prepetition ABL Facility Documents,
the Prepetition Term Loan Documents, the DIP Facilities Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents (and any financing permitted thereunder),
the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation of this Plan, the administration and implementation of the Plan, or the Restructuring
Transactions, including the issuance or distribution of Securities pursuant to this Plan, (9) the distribution, including any disbursements
made by a Distribution Agent, of property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or (10) any other act or omission, transaction,
agreement, event, or other occurrence related to any of the foregoing and taking place on or before the Effective Date; provided,
that the Debtors do not release Claims or Causes of Action (1) that are of a commercial nature and arising in the ordinary course of
business, such as accounts receivable and accounts payable on account of goods and services being performed or (2) arising out of, or
related to, any act or omission of a Released Party that is determined by Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of competent
jurisdiction to have constituted actual fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct (it being agreed that any Released Parties
consideration, approval, or receipt of any distribution did not arise from or relate to actual fraud (but not, for the avoidance of doubt,
fraudulent transfers), gross negligence, or willful misconduct). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Releases
set forth above do not release (1) any obligations of any Person or Entity under this Plan, the Combined Order, any other Definitive
Document, any Restructuring Transaction, any document, instrument, or agreement (including those set forth in the Plan Supplement) executed
to implement this Plan, or any agreement, Claim, or obligation arising or assumed under this Plan or (2) any Causes of Action specifically
retained by the Debtors pursuant to the Schedule of Retained Causes of Action. 

57

Entry of the Combined
Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019, of the Debtor Release, which includes
by reference each of the related provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts
finding that the Debtor Release is: (1) in exchange for the good and valuable consideration provided by each of the Released Parties,
including the Released Parties substantial contributions to facilitating the Restructuring Transactions and implementing this
Plan; (2) a good-faith settlement and compromise of the Claims released by the Debtor Release; (3) in the best interests of the Debtors
and all Holders of Claims and Interests; (4) fair, equitable, and reasonable; (5) given and made after due notice and opportunity for
hearing; and (6) a bar to any of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Debtors Estates asserting any Claim or Cause of
Action released pursuant to the Debtor Release.

C. Releases by Holders of
Claims and Interests

To the extent permitted
by applicable law and approved by the Bankruptcy Court, and except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Plan or the Combined Order,
as of the Effective Date, in exchange for good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby confirmed, each Releasing
Party, in each case on behalf of itself and its respective successors, assigns, and Representatives, and any and all other Entities who
may purport to assert any Claim or Cause of Action, directly or derivatively, by, through, for, or because of the foregoing Entities,
has and is deemed to have, forever and unconditionally, released, and absolved each Released Party from any and all Claims and Causes
of Action, whether known or unknown, including any derivative claims asserted or assertable on behalf of the Debtors, the Estates, or
the Reorganized Debtors that such Entity would have been legally entitled to assert in its own right (whether individually or collectively)
or on behalf of the Holder of any Claim against, or Interest in, a Debtor, based on or relating to, or in any manner arising from, in
whole or in part, (1) the management, ownership, or operation of the Debtors or the Non-Debtor Affiliates, (2) the purchase, sale, or
rescission of any Security of the Debtors or the Non-Debtor Affiliates, (3) the subject matter of, or the transactions, events, circumstances,
acts or omissions giving rise to, any Claim or Interest that is treated in the Restructuring Transactions, including the negotiation,
formulation, or preparation of the Restructuring Transactions, (4) the business or contractual arrangements between any Debtor or Non-Debtor
Affiliate and any other Entity, (5) the Debtors and Non-Debtor Affiliates in- or out-of-court restructuring efforts, (6)
intercompany transactions, (7) the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation, filing, or consummation of this Plan, the Disclosure
Statement, the Transaction Support Agreement, the Definitive Documents, the Prepetition ABL Facility Documents, the Prepetition Term
Loan Documents, the DIP Facilities Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents (and any financing permitted thereunder), the New Governance
Documents, the Chapter 11 Cases, or any Restructuring Transaction, (8) any contract, instrument, release, or other agreement or document
created or entered into in connection with this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Transaction Support Agreement, the Definitive Documents,
the Prepetition ABL Facility Documents, the Prepetition Term Loan Documents, the DIP Facilities Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents
(and any financing permitted thereunder), the Chapter 11 Cases, the pursuit of Confirmation of this Plan, the administration and implementation
of the Plan, or the Restructuring Transactions, including the issuance or distribution of Securities pursuant to this Plan, (9) the distribution,
including any disbursements made by a Distribution Agent, of property under this Plan or any other related agreement, or (10) any other
act, or omission, transaction, agreement, event, or other occurrence relating to any of the foregoing and taking place on or before the
Effective Date; provided, that the Releasing Parties do not release Claims or Causes of Action (1) arising out of, or related
to, any act or omission of a Released Party that is determined by Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of competent
jurisdiction to have constituted actual fraud (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, fraudulent transfers), gross negligence, or willful
misconduct (it being agreed that any Released Parties consideration, approval, or receipt of any distribution did not arise from
or relate to actual fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct) or (2) against a Released Party arising from any obligations owed
to the Releasing Party that are wholly unrelated to the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the foregoing, the Releases set forth above do not release (1) any obligations of any Person or Entity under this Plan, the Combined
Order, any other Definitive Document, any Restructuring Transaction, any document, instrument, or agreement (including those set forth
in the Plan Supplement) executed to implement this Plan, or any agreement, claim, or obligation arising or assumed under this Plan or
(2) any Causes of Action specifically retained by the Debtors pursuant to the Schedule of Retained Causes of Action.

58

Entry of the Combined
Order shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts approval of the Third-Party Release, which includes by reference each of the related
provisions and definitions contained in this Plan, and, further, shall constitute the Bankruptcy Courts finding that the Third-Party
Release is: (1) consensual; (2) given and made after due notice and opportunity for hearing; and (3) a bar to any of the Releasing Parties
asserting any Claim or Cause of Action released pursuant to the Third-Party Release.

D. Exculpation

Effective as of the Effective
Date, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Exculpated Parties shall neither have nor incur any liability to any Person or Entity
for any Claims or Causes of Action for any act taken or omitted to be taken between the Petition Date and the Effective Date in connection
with, or related to, formulating, negotiating, preparing, disseminating, implementing, administering, confirming or effecting the Confirmation
or consummation (as applicable) of this Plan, the Transaction Support Agreement, and the Disclosure Statement including any disbursements
made by a Distribution Agent in connection with this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Definitive Documents, the Plan Supplement, the
Prepetition ABL Facility Documents, the Prepetition Term Loan Documents, the DIP Facilities Documents, the Exit Facilities Documents
(and any financing permitted thereunder), the New Governance Documents, or any Restructuring Transaction, contract, instrument, release,
or other agreement or document created or entered into in connection with this Plan or any other postpetition act taken or omitted to
be taken in connection with or in contemplation of the restructuring of the Debtors, the approval of the Disclosure Statement or Confirmation
or consummation of this Plan; provided, that the foregoing provisions of this exculpation shall not operate to waive or release:
(1) any Claims or Causes of Action arising from willful misconduct, actual fraud (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, fraudulent transfers),
or gross negligence of such applicable Exculpated Party as determined by Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of competent
jurisdiction; and/or (2) the rights of any Person or Entity to enforce this Plan and the contracts, instruments, releases, indentures,
and other agreements and documents delivered under or in connection with this Plan or assumed pursuant to this Plan or Final Order of
the Bankruptcy Court; provided, further, that each Exculpated Party shall be entitled to rely upon the advice of counsel concerning
its respective duties pursuant to, or in connection with, the above referenced documents, actions, or inactions. 

59

The Exculpated Parties
have, and upon consummation of this Plan shall be deemed to have, participated in good faith and in compliance with the applicable laws
with regard to the solicitation of votes and distribution of consideration pursuant to this Plan and, therefore, are not, and on account
of such distributions shall not be, liable at any time for the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation
of acceptances or rejections of this Plan or such distributions made pursuant to this Plan.

The foregoing exculpation
shall be effective as of the Effective Date without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy Court, act, or action under applicable
law, regulation, order, or rule or the vote, consent, authorization, or approval of any Person or Entity. For the avoidance of doubt
and notwithstanding anything else herein, the foregoing exculpation shall be limited to Persons that served as Estate fiduciaries during
the Chapter 11 Cases.

E. Permanent Injunction

Except as otherwise expressly
provided in the Transaction Support Agreement, this Plan or the Combined Order, from and after the Effective Date, all Persons and Entities
are, to the fullest extent provided under Section 524 and other applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, permanently enjoined from
(1) commencing or continuing, in any manner or in any place, any suit, action or other proceeding of any kind; (2) enforcing, attaching,
collecting, or recovering in any manner or means any judgment, award, decree, or order; (3) creating, perfecting, or enforcing any Lien
or encumbrance; (4) asserting a right of setoff or subrogation of any kind; or (5) commencing or continuing in any manner any action
or other proceeding of any kind, in each case on account of or with respect to any Claim, demand, liability, obligation, debt, right,
Cause of Action, Interest, or remedy released or to be released, exculpated or to be exculpated, settled or to be settled, or discharged
or to be discharged pursuant to this Plan or the Combined Order against any Person or Entity so released, discharged, or exculpated (or
the property or estate of any Person or Entity so released, discharged, or exculpated). All injunctions or stays provided for in the
Chapter 11 Cases under Sections 105 or 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise, and in existence on the Confirmation Date, shall remain
in full force and effect until the Effective Date.

No Person or Entity may
commence or pursue a Claim or Cause of Action, as applicable, of any kind against the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Exculpated
Parties, or the Released Parties, as applicable, that relates to or is reasonably likely to relate to any act or omission in connection
with, relating to, or arising out of a Claim or Cause of Action, as applicable, subject to Article IX hereof, without the Bankruptcy
Court (i) first determining, after notice and a hearing, that such Claim or Cause of Action, as applicable, represents a colorable Claim
of any kind, and (ii) specifically authorizing such Person or Entity to bring such Claim or Cause of Action, as applicable, against
any such Debtor, Reorganized Debtor, Exculpated Party, or Released Party, as applicable. At the hearing for the Bankruptcy Court to determine
whether such Claim or Cause of Action represents a colorable Claim of any kind, the Bankruptcy Court may, or shall if any Debtor, Reorganized
Debtor, Exculpated Party, Released Party, or other party in interest requests by motion (oral motion being sufficient), direct that such
Person or Entity seeking to commence or pursue such Claim or Cause of Action file a proposed complaint with the Bankruptcy Court embodying
such Claim or Cause of Action, such complaint satisfying the applicable Rules of Federal Procedure, including, but not limited to, Rule
8 and Rule 9 (as applicable), which the Bankruptcy Court shall assess before making a determination. For the avoidance of doubt, any
party that obtains such determination and authorization and subsequently wishes to amend the authorized complaint or petition to add
any Claims or Causes of Action not explicitly included in the authorized complaint or petition must obtain authorization from the Bankruptcy
Court before filing any such amendment in the court where such complaint or petition is pending. The Bankruptcy Court reserves jurisdiction
to adjudicate any such claims to the maximum extent provided by the law.

60

F. SEC Reservation of Rights

Notwithstanding any language
to the contrary in the Disclosure Statement, Plan and/or Combined Order, no provision shall (i) preclude the SEC from enforcing its police
or regulatory powers or (ii) enjoin, limit, impair or delay the SEC from commencing or continuing any claims, Causes of Action, proceedings
or investigations against any non-Debtor Person or non-Debtor Entity in any forum.

Article X.

RETENTION OF JURISDICTION

Notwithstanding the entry
of the Combined Order and the occurrence of the Effective Date, except to the extent set forth herein or under applicable federal law,
the Bankruptcy Court shall retain on and after the Effective Date jurisdiction over all matters arising out of, or related to, the Chapter 11
Cases and this Plan pursuant to sections 105(a) and 1142 of the Bankruptcy Code, including jurisdiction to:

A.allow, disallow, determine, liquidate, classify, estimate, or establish the priority, secured or
unsecured status, or amount of any Claim or Interest, including the resolution of any request for payment of any Administrative Claim
and the resolution of any and all objections to the secured or unsecured status, priority, amount, or allowance of Claims or Interests;

B.decide and resolve all matters related to the granting and denying, in whole or in part, any applications
for allowance of compensation or reimbursement of expenses to Retained Professionals authorized pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or this
Plan;

C.resolve any matters related to: (1) the assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of any
Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to which a Debtor is party with respect to which a Debtor may be liable and to hear, determine,
and, if necessary, liquidate, any Cure Costs arising therefrom, including Cure Costs pursuant to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code;
(2) any potential contractual obligation under any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease that is assumed; (3) the Reorganized Debtors
seeking to amend, modify, or supplement, after the Effective Date, any Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed or rejected;
and (4) any dispute regarding whether a contract or lease is or was executory or expired;

D.ensure that distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims are accomplished pursuant to the provisions
of this Plan and the Combined Order;

E.adjudicate, decide, or resolve any motions, adversary proceedings, contested, or litigated matters,
and any other matters, and grant or deny any applications involving a Debtor that may be pending on the Effective Date;

61

F.adjudicate, decide, or resolve any and all matters related to Causes of Action;

G.adjudicate, decide, or resolve any and all matters related to section 1141 of the Bankruptcy Code;

H.resolve any cases, controversies, suits, or disputes that may arise in connection with any Claims,
including claim objections, allowance, disallowance, estimation, and distribution;

I.enter and implement such orders as may be necessary or appropriate to execute, implement, or consummate
the provisions of this Plan, the Combined Order, and all contracts, instruments, releases, and other agreements or documents created
in connection with this Plan, the Combined Order, or the Disclosure Statement, including the Transaction Support Agreement;

J.enter and enforce any order for the sale of property pursuant to sections 363, 1123, or 1146(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code;

K.resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action that may arise in connection
with the interpretation or enforcement of this Plan, the Combined Order, or any contract, instrument, release or other agreement or document
that is entered into or delivered pursuant to this Plan or the Combined Order, or any Entitys rights arising from or obligations
incurred in connection with this Plan or the Combined Order;

L.issue injunctions, enter and implement other orders or take such other actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to restrain interference by any Entity with enforcement of this Plan or the Combined Order;

M.resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action with respect to the releases,
injunctions, and other provisions contained in this Plan and enter such orders as may be necessary or appropriate to implement such releases,
injunctions, and other provisions;

N.resolve any cases, controversies, suits, disputes, or Causes of Action with respect to the repayment
or return of distributions and the recovery of additional amounts owed by the Holder of a Claim or Interest for amounts not timely repaid;

O.enter and implement such orders as are necessary or appropriate if the Combined Order is for any
reason modified, stayed, reversed, revoked, or vacated;

P.determine any other matters that may arise in connection with or relate to this Plan, the Disclosure
Statement, the Combined Order, or any contract, instrument, release, indenture, or other agreement or document created in connection
with this Plan, the Combined Order, or the Disclosure Statement;

Q.enter an order or final decree concluding or closing the Chapter 11 Cases;

R.adjudicate any and all disputes arising from or relating to distributions to Holders of Claims and
Interests under this Plan;

S.consider any modification of this Plan, to cure any defect or omission, or to reconcile any inconsistency
in any Bankruptcy Court order, including the Combined Order;

62

T.determine requests for payment of Claims and Interests entitled to priority pursuant to section
507 of the Bankruptcy Code;

U.hear and determine disputes arising in connection with the interpretation, implementation, or enforcement
of this Plan, or the Combined Order, including disputes arising under agreements, documents, or instruments executed in connection with
this Plan;

V.hear and determine matters concerning state, local, and federal taxes in accordance with sections
346, 505, and 1146 of the Bankruptcy Code;

W.hear and determine all disputes involving the existence, nature, or scope of the Debtors
discharge, including without limitation any dispute relating to any liability arising out of the termination of employment or the termination
of any employee or retiree benefit program, regardless of whether such termination occurred before or after the Effective Date;

X.hear and determine disputes arising in connection with the interpretation, implementation, or enforcement
of the releases, injunctions, and exculpations provided under Article IX;

Y.resolve any disputes concerning whether a Person had sufficient notice of the Chapter 11 Cases,
the Disclosure Statement, any solicitation conducted in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, in each case, for the purpose of determining
whether a Claim or Interest is discharged hereunder or for any other purpose;

Z.enforce all orders previously entered by the Bankruptcy Court; and

AA.hear any other matter not inconsistent with the Bankruptcy Code, this Plan, or the Combined Order.

If the Bankruptcy Court abstains
from exercising, or declines to exercise, jurisdiction or is otherwise without jurisdiction over any matter arising in, arising under,
or related to the Chapter 11 Cases, including the matters set forth in this Article X, the provisions of this Article X
shall have no effect on and shall not control, limit, or prohibit the exercise of jurisdiction by any other court having competent jurisdiction
with respect to such matter.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan: (1) the Bankruptcy Courts jurisdiction to hear and determine disputes concerning Claims against
or Interests in the Debtors that arose before the Effective Date, including, without limitation, any Claims based in whole or in part
on any conduct of the Debtors occurring on or before the Effective Date, shall be non-exclusive; (2) any dispute arising under or in
connection with the Exit Facilities Documents, and New Organizational Documents, and shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions
of the applicable document; and (3) as of the Effective Date, the Exit Term Loan Credit Agreement shall be governed by the jurisdictional
provisions therein.

Article XI.

MODIFICATION, REVOCATION, OR WITHDRAWAL OF PLAN

A. Modification of Plan

Subject to the terms of the
Transaction Support Agreement and the limitations contained in this Plan, the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors reserve the right to, without
additional disclosure pursuant to section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code, except as otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, in accordance
with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, and the Transaction Support Agreement: (1) amend or modify this Plan before the entry
of the Combined Order, including amendments or modifications to satisfy section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code; (2) amend or modify
this Plan after the entry of the Combined Order in accordance with section 1127(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and the Transaction Support
Agreement upon order of the Bankruptcy Court; and (3) remedy any defect or omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan in such
manner as may be necessary to carry out the purpose and intent of this Plan upon order of the Bankruptcy Court. In addition, after the
Confirmation Date, so long as such action does not adversely affect the treatment of Holders of Allowed Claims pursuant to this Plan,
the Debtors may, with the consent of the Required Consenting Term Lenders, make appropriate technical adjustments, remedy any defect
or omission or reconcile any inconsistencies in this Plan, the Plan Supplement and/or the Combined Order, with respect to such matters
as may be necessary to carry out the purposes and effects of this Plan, and any Holder of a Claim that has accepted this Plan shall be
deemed to have accepted this Plan as amended, modified, or supplemented.

63

B. Effect of Confirmation on Modifications

Entry of the Combined Order
shall mean that all modifications or amendments to this Plan since the solicitation thereof are approved pursuant to section 1127(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code and do not require additional disclosure or re-solicitation under Bankruptcy Rule 3019.

C. Revocation of Plan; Reservation
of Rights if Effective Date Does Not Occur

Subject to the occurrence
of the Effective Date, the Debtors reserve the right, subject to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement, to revoke or withdraw
this Plan before the entry of the Combined Order and to File subsequent plans of reorganization. If the Debtors revoke or withdraw this
Plan, or if entry of the Combined Order or the Effective Date does not occur, or if the Transaction Support Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the Effective Date, then: (1) this Plan shall be null and void in all respects; (2) any settlement or
compromise embodied in this Plan (including the fixing or limiting to an amount of any Claim or Interest or Class of Claims or Interests),
assumption, assumption and assignment, or rejection of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases effected by this Plan, and any document
or agreement executed pursuant hereto shall be deemed null and void except as may be set forth in a separate order entered by the Bankruptcy
Court; and (3) nothing contained in this Plan shall: (a) constitute a waiver or release of any Claims by or against, or any
Interests in, such Debtor or any other Entity; (b) prejudice in any manner the rights of the Debtors or any other Entity; or (c) constitute
an admission, acknowledgment, offer, or undertaking of any sort by the Debtors or any other Entity; provided, that any Restructuring
Fees and Expenses that have been paid as of the date of revocation or withdrawal of this Plan shall remain paid and shall not be subject
to disgorgement or repayment without further order of the Bankruptcy Court.

Article XII.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

A. Immediate Binding Effect

Notwithstanding Bankruptcy
Rules 3020(e), 6004(g), or 7062 or otherwise, upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, the terms of this Plan and the documents and
instruments contained in the Plan Supplement shall be immediately effective and enforceable and deemed binding upon the Debtors, the
Reorganized Debtors, and any and all Holders of Claims and Interests (irrespective of whether Holders of such Claims or Interests are
deemed to have accepted this Plan), all Entities that are parties to or are subject to the settlements, compromises, releases, discharges,
and injunctions described in this Plan, each Entity acquiring property under this Plan and any and all non-Debtor parties to Executory
Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and notwithstanding whether or not such Person or Entity (1) shall receive or retain any property, or
interest in property, under this Plan, (2) has filed a Proof of Claim in the Chapter 11 Cases (if applicable) or (3) failed to vote to
accept or reject this Plan, affirmatively voted to reject this Plan, or is conclusively presumed to reject this Plan. The Combined Order
shall contain a waiver of any stay of enforcement otherwise applicable, including pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3020(e) and 7062.

64

B. Additional Documents

Subject to the terms of the
Transaction Support Agreement, on or before the Effective Date, the Debtors may File with the Bankruptcy Court such agreements and other
documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and further evidence the terms and conditions of this Plan. The Debtors or
Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, and all Holders of Claims and Interests receiving distributions pursuant to this Plan and all other
parties in interest shall, from time to time, prepare, execute, and deliver any agreements or documents and take any other actions as
may be necessary or advisable to effectuate the provisions and intent of this Plan or the Combined Order.

C. Payment of United States Trustee
Statutory Fees

All United States Trustee
Statutory Fees due and payable to the United States Trustee before the Effective Date shall be paid by the Debtors on the Effective Date.
After the Effective Date, any and all United States Trustee Statutory Fees shall be paid to the United States Trustee when due and payable.
The Debtors shall file all monthly operating reports due before the Effective Date when they become due, using UST Form 11-MOR. After
the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall each file with the Bankruptcy Court separate UST Form 11-PCR reports when they become
due, until the earliest of the Debtors or Reorganized Debtors case being closed, dismissed, or converted to a case under
chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. The United States Trustee shall not be required to File a request for an Administrative Claim for United
States Trustee Statutory Fees, and shall not be treated as providing any release under this Plan.

D. Reservation of Rights

This Plan shall have no force
or effect unless and until the Bankruptcy Court enters the Combined Order. None of the filing of this Plan, any statement or provision
contained in this Plan, or the taking of any action by any Debtor with respect to this Plan, the Disclosure Statement, or the Plan Supplement
shall be or shall be deemed to be an admission or waiver of any rights of any Debtor with respect to the Holders of Claims or Interests
before the Effective Date.

E. Successors and Assigns

The rights, benefits, and
obligations of any Entity named or referred to in this Plan shall be binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of any heir, executor,
administrator, successor or assign, Affiliate, officer, director, agent, Representative, attorney, beneficiaries, or guardian, if any,
of each Entity.

F. No Successor Liability

Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Plan and the Combined Order, each of the Reorganized Debtors (1) is not, and shall not be deemed to assume, agree to
perform, pay, or otherwise have any responsibilities for any liabilities or obligations of the Debtors or any other Person relating to
or arising out of the operations or the assets of the Debtors on or before the Effective Date, (2) is not, and shall not be, a successor
to the Debtors by reason of any theory of law or equity or responsible for the knowledge or conduct of any Debtor before the Effective
Date, and (3) shall not have any successor or transferee liability of any kind or character.

65

G. Service of Documents

After the Effective Date,
any pleading, notice, or other document required by this Plan to be served on or delivered to the Reorganized Debtors shall also be served
on:

Debtors Counsel
to the Debtors

The Container Store Group, Inc.

500 Freeport Parkway,

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Tasha Grinnell 

Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP

600 Travis Street, Suite 4200

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II, Ashley L. Harper, Philip M. Guffy

and

Latham & Watkins LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attn: George A. Davis, Hugh Murtagh

and

Latham & Watkins LLP

355 South Grand Avenue, Suite 100

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Attn: Ted A. Dillman

United
States Trustee Counsel
to the Ad Hoc Group

Office of the United States Trustee for the Southern District
of Texas

Trustee 515 Rusk Street, Suite 3516

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Ha Nguyen, Vianey Garza

Paul Hastings LLP

200 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10166

Attn: Jayme Goldstein, Isaac Sasson, William Reily, Leonie Koch

and

Paul Hastings LLP

600 Travis Street, Floor 58

Houston, TX, 77002

Attn: Schlea Thomas

and

Paul Hastings LLP

2001 Ross Avenue, Suite 2700

Dallas, TX 75201

Attn: Charles Persons

Counsel
to the DIP Term Loan Agents Counsel
to DIP ABL Loan Agent

Paul
Hastings LLP 

200 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10166

Attn: Alex Cota, Liz Loonam 

Riemer & Braunstein LLP,

Times Square Tower, Seven Times Square, Suite 2506

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Donald E. Rothman

and

Frost Brown Todd LLP

2101 Cedar Springs Road, Suite 900

Dallas, TX 75201

Attn: Rebecca L. Matthews

66

H. Term of Injunctions or Stays

Unless otherwise provided
in this Plan or in the Combined Order, all injunctions or stays in effect in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to sections 105 or 362 of
the Bankruptcy Code or any order of the Bankruptcy Court, and extant on the Confirmation Date (excluding any injunctions or stays contained
in this Plan or the Combined Order) shall remain in full force and effect until the Effective Date. All injunctions or stays contained
in this Plan or the Combined Order shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms.

I. Entire Agreement

On the Effective Date, this
Plan and the Plan Supplement supersede all previous and contemporaneous negotiations, promises, covenants, agreements, understandings,
and representations on such subjects, all of which have become merged and integrated into this Plan.

J. Governing Law

Unless a rule of law or procedure
is supplied by federal law (including the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules) or unless otherwise specifically stated, the laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws, shall govern the rights, obligations, construction,
and implementation of this Plan, the Plan Supplement, and any agreements, documents, instruments, or contracts executed or entered into
in connection with this Plan (except as otherwise set forth in those agreements, in which case the governing law of such agreement shall
control), and corporate governance matters; provided, that corporate governance matters relating to Debtors or Reorganized Debtors,
as applicable, not incorporated in New York shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the applicable Debtor
or Reorganized Debtor, as applicable.

K. Exhibits

All exhibits and documents
included in the Plan Supplement are incorporated into and are a part of this Plan as if set forth in full in this Plan. Except as otherwise
provided in this Plan, such exhibits and documents included in the Plan Supplement shall initially be Filed with the Bankruptcy Court
on or before the Plan Supplement Filing Date. After the exhibits and documents are Filed, copies of such exhibits and documents shall
have been available upon written request to the Debtors counsel at the address above or by downloading such exhibits and documents
from the Debtors restructuring website at https://www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore or the Bankruptcy Courts website
at www.txs.uscourts.gov. To the extent any exhibit or document is inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, unless otherwise ordered
by the Bankruptcy Court, the non-exhibit or non-document portion of this Plan shall control.

L. Nonseverability of Plan Provisions
upon Confirmation

If, before Confirmation,
any term or provision of this Plan is held by the Bankruptcy Court to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the Bankruptcy Court shall
have the power to alter and interpret such term or provision to make it valid or enforceable to the maximum extent practicable, consistent
with the original purpose of the term or provision held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, and such term or provision shall then be
applicable as altered or interpreted; provided, that any such alteration or interpretation shall be acceptable to the Debtors
and the Required Consenting Term Lenders. Notwithstanding any such holding, alteration, or interpretation, the remainder of the terms
and provisions of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated by such holding,
alteration, or interpretation. The Combined Order shall constitute a judicial determination and shall provide that each term and provision
of this Plan, as it may have been altered or interpreted in accordance with the foregoing, is: (1) valid and enforceable pursuant to
its terms; (2) integral to this Plan and may not be deleted or modified without the consent of the Debtors; and (3) nonseverable and
mutually dependent.

67

M. Closing of Chapter 11 Cases

The Reorganized Debtors shall,
promptly after the full administration of the Chapter 11 Cases, File with the Bankruptcy Court all documents required by Bankruptcy Rule
3022 and any applicable order of the Bankruptcy Court to close the Chapter 11 Cases.

N. Conflicts

To the extent that any provision
of the Transaction Support Agreement, the Disclosure Statement, or any order entered before Confirmation (for avoidance of doubt, not
including the Combined Order) referenced in this Plan (or any exhibits, appendices, supplements, or amendments to any of the foregoing),
conflict with or are in any way inconsistent with any provision of this Plan, this Plan shall govern and control; provided, however,
that the parties to the Transaction Support Agreement shall use commercially reasonable efforts to eliminate any such inconsistency by
agreement prior to the provisions of this section becoming applicable and enforceable; provided, further, that the foregoing
shall not abrogate any partys consent rights. To the extent that any provision of this Plan conflicts with or is in any way inconsistent
with any provision of the Combined Order, the Combined Order shall govern and control.

O. No
Strict Construction

This Plan is the product
of extensive discussions and negotiations between and among, inter alia, the Debtors, the Consenting Stakeholders, and their respective
professionals. Each of the foregoing was represented by counsel of its choice who either participated in the formulation and documentation
of, or was afforded the opportunity to review and provide comments on, this Plan and the Disclosure Statement, the exhibits and schedules
thereto, and the other agreements and documents ancillary or related thereto. Accordingly, unless explicitly indicated otherwise, the
general rule of contract construction known as contra proferentem or other rule of strict construction shall not apply
to the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Plan and the Disclosure Statement, the exhibits and schedules thereto,
and the other agreements and documents ancillary or related thereto.

P. Section 1125(e) Good Faith Compliance

The Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors, the Consenting Term Lenders, and each of their respective current and former officers, directors, members (including ex officio
members), managers, employees, partners, advisors, attorneys, professionals, accountants, investment bankers, investment advisors,
actuaries, Affiliates, financial advisors, consultants, agents, and other Representatives of each of the foregoing Entities (whether
current or former, in each case in his, her or its capacity as such) have, and upon Confirmation shall be deemed to have, solicited votes
on this Plan from the Voting Class in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and any applicable non-bankruptcy
law, rule or regulation governing the adequacy of disclosure in connection with the solicitation, and acted in good faith
under section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code; and therefore, no such parties, individuals, or the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors
shall have any liability for the violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation governing the solicitation of votes on this Plan
or the offer, issuance, sale, or purchase of the Securities offered and sold under this Plan.

Q. 2002 Notice Parties

After the Effective Date,
the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, are authorized to limit the list of Entities receiving documents pursuant to
Bankruptcy Rule 2002 to those Entities who have Filed a renewed request after the Combined Hearing to receive documents pursuant to Bankruptcy
Rule 2002.

68

Respectfully submitted, as
of the date first set forth above,

The Container Store Group, Inc. 

(on behalf of itself and all other Debtors)

By: /s/ Chad E. Coben

Name: Chad E. Coben

Title: Chief Restructuring Officer

69
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex2-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.2

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

x 

In re: : Chapter 11

: 

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC., et al., : Case No. 24-90627 (ARP)

: 

Debtors. 1 : (Jointly Administered)

: 

x 

NOTICE
OF FILING OF PLAN SUPPLEMENT TO THE PREPACKAGED JOINT PLAN

OF REORGANIZATION OF THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC. AND
ITS 

DEBTOR AFFILIATES UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE

Pursuant
to the Order (I) Scheduling Combined Hearing to Consider (A) Final Approval of Disclosure Statement, (B) Approval
of Solicitation Procedures and Form of Ballot, and (C) Confirmation of Plan; (II) Establishing an Objection Deadline to
Object to Disclosure Statement and Plan; (III) Approving the Form and Manner of Notice of Combined Hearing, Objection Deadline,
and Notice of Commencement; (IV) Approving Notice and Objection Procedures for the Assumption or Rejection of Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases; (V) Conditionally Waiving Requirement of Filing Schedules of Assets and Liabilities, Statements of Financial
Affairs, and 2015.3 Reports; (VI) Conditionally Waiving Requirement to Convene the Section 341 Meeting of Creditors; (VII) Conditionally
Approving the Disclosure Statement; and (VIII) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 81] (the Solicitation
Order), in connection with the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and
its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 19] (as may be amended, supplemented, or modified
from time to time, the Plan),2
the above-captioned debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the Debtors) hereby file
this Plan Supplement, which contains drafts of the following documents (which remain subject to ongoing negotiations among the Debtors
and interested parties in accordance with the Plan and Transaction Support Agreement), each as may be modified, amended, or supplemented
from time to time:

Exhibit Plan
Supplement Document

A Restructuring
Steps Memorandum

B New
Organizational Documents 

B-1 Second
Amended and Restated Bylaws of The Container Store Group, Inc. 

B-2 Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Container Store Group, Inc.

B-3 Amended
and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement

C Exit
Term Loan Facility Credit Agreement

D Exit
ABL Facility Credit Agreement

E Governance
Term Sheet

F Schedule
of Retained Causes of Action

G Directors
and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors

H Rejected
Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease List 

1 The Debtors in these cases, together with the last four digits of each Debtors taxpayer
identification number, are: The Container Store Group, Inc. (5401); The Container Store, Inc. (6981); C Studio Manufacturing Inc.
(4763); C Studio Manufacturing LLC (5770); and TCS Gift Card Services, LLC (7975). The Debtors mailing address is 500
Freeport Parkway, Coppell, TX 75019.

2 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have their meanings given to them in the Plan.

The Plan Supplement shall
be deemed incorporated into and part of the Plan as if set forth therein in full. The documents and designations contained in this Plan
Supplement are integral to, and considered part of, the Plan. The Plan Supplement has not yet been approved by the Court. If the Plan
is confirmed, the Plan Supplement will also be approved by the Court pursuant to the order confirming the Plan.

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Transaction Support Agreement, the Debtors reserve the right to alter, modify, or supplement
any document that is part of, or add any document to, the Plan Supplement. To the extent that the Debtors make any material
amendment or modification to any documents that are part of the Plan Supplement (each, a Revised Plan Supplement Document)
prior to the Combined Hearing, the Debtors shall file with the Court a blackline comparing the Revised Plan Supplement Document against
the relevant Plan Supplement document attached hereto for the convenience of the Court and all parties in interest. None of the information
contained herein or in any Revised Plan Supplement Document shall be deemed final or binding on the Debtors prior to the Effective Date
of the Plan.

The
Plan Supplement, the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related materials can be obtained free of charge at the Debtors public
restructuring website maintained by Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC d/b/a Verita Global (the Solicitation Agent)
at www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore or by contacting the Solicitation Agent at (888) 251-3046 (U.S. / Canada, toll-free), (310)
751-2615 (International, toll), or www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore/inquiry. In addition, such documents are available for inspection
for a fee on the Courts electronic case filing system at www.txs.uscourts.gov using a PACER password (to obtain a PACER password,
go to the PACER website at http://pacer.psc.uscourts.gov).

Any
objections to the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement or confirmation of the Plan must be filed on or before January 21,
2025 at 4:00 p.m. (prevailing Central Time). Any objections to the Disclosure Statement or confirmation of the Plan must be:
(a) in writing, (b) filed with the Clerk of the Court together with proof of service thereof; (c) set forth the name of
the objecting party, and the nature and amount of any Claim or Interest asserted by the objecting party against the Debtors estates
or property of the Debtors; (d) state the legal and factual basis for such objection; and (e) conform to the applicable Bankruptcy
Rules and Bankruptcy Local Rules. Objections not timely filed and served in the manner set forth herein may not be considered by
the Court and may be overruled without further notice.

2 

A
hearing to consider the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement and confirmation of the Plan (the Combined Hearing)
will be held on January 24, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. (prevailing Central Time) before the Honorable Alfredo R. Prez,
United States Bankruptcy Judge, in Courtroom No. 400 of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, 515
Rusk, Houston, Texas 77002. In the event of a timely filed objection that is not settled by the parties, the Court shall hear such objection
at the Confirmation Hearing. The Confirmation Hearing may be continued from time to time by the Court or the Debtors without further
notice other than by such adjournment being announced in open court or by a notice of adjournment filed with the Court and served on
other parties entitled to notice.

THIS NOTICE IS BEING SENT
TO YOU FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE PLAN OR ABOUT ANYTHING STATED HEREIN,
OR IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT THE NUMBER OR EMAIL ADDRESS SPECIFIED
ABOVE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE SOLICITATION AGENT CANNOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE.

3 

Dated: January 14, 2025 Respectfully submitted,

Houston, Texas 

/s/ Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II (Texas Bar No. 24012503)

Ashley L. Harper (Texas Bar No. 24065272)

Philip M. Guffy (Texas Bar No. 24113705)

600 Travis Street, Suite 4200

Houston, TX 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: taddavidson@HuntonAK.com

ashleyharper@HuntonAK.com

pguffy@HuntonAK.com

- and -

LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

George A. Davis (NY Bar No. 2401214)

Hugh Murtagh (NY Bar No. 5002498)

Tianjiao (TJ) Li (NY Bar No. 5689567)

Jonathan J. Weichselbaum (NY Bar No. 5676143)

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Telephone: (212) 906-1200

Email: george.davis@lw.com

hugh.murtagh@lw.com

tj.li@lw.com

jon.weichselbaum@lw.com

Ted A. Dillman (CA Bar No. 258499)

355 South Grand Avenue, Suite 100

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Telephone: (213) 485-1234

Email: ted.dillman@lw.com

Proposed Co-Counsel for the Debtors and Debtors in Possession

Certificate of Service

I certify that on January 14,
2025, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document was served by the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of Texas on those parties registered to receive electronic notices.

/s/ Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II

4 

EXHIBIT A

Restructuring Steps Memorandum

Restructuring Transactions Steps Memorandum

This restructuring transactions
steps memorandum (this Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum) sets forth a description of certain of the Restructuring
Transactions to be effectuated prior to or on the Effective Date in connection with the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of
The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 19] (as may
be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Plan).1
Until the Effective Date, this Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum is subject to modification in accordance with
the terms of the Plan.2 To the extent there
is any inconsistency between this Restructuring Transactions Steps Memorandum and the Plan (without reference to this Restructuring Transaction
Steps Memorandum), the Plan shall govern (except as set forth in the last sentence of Step 4 below). This is the Restructuring Transaction
Steps Memorandum under, as defined in, and for all purposes of, the Plan.

Unless otherwise specified,
the following Restructuring Transactions shall occur at, or within the ranges of, the times and in the order set forth below:

1. No
less than one (1) Business Day immediately preceding the Effective Date, The Container
Store, Inc., a Texas corporation (TCS), forms a new Delaware limited
liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of TCS (New TopCo).
New TopCo authorizes and issues to TCS the New Equity Interests required to consummate the
Plan. The transactions described in this Step 1 are referred to as the Step 1 Transactions.
Upon consummation of the Step 1 Transactions, TCS owns all of the issued and outstanding
New Equity Interests. New TopCo shall constitute Reorganized Parent under, as defined in,
and for all purposes of, the Plan.

2. On
the Effective Date, (a) Parent contributes newly issued shares of its common stock,
$0.01 par value per share (New Parent Shares), to TCS as a contribution
to the capital of TCS and in exchange for no additional shares of capital stock of TCS, and
(b) immediately following TCSs receipt of the New Parent Shares, TCS contributes
the New Parent Shares to New TopCo as a contribution to the capital of New TopCo. The transactions
described in this Step 2 are referred to as the Step 2 Transactions.

3. On
the Effective Date, but immediately following the consummation of the Step 2 Transactions,
TCS distributes (a) to the Holders of Allowed DIP Term Loan Claims (or, where applicable,
their respective designees under the Plan) (i) the Exit Term Loans and (ii) 64%
of the New Equity Interests, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release, and discharge
of, and in exchange for, such Allowed DIP Term Loan Claims and (b) to the Holders of
Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claims (or, where applicable, their respective designees under
the Plan) 36% of the New Equity Interests, in full and final satisfaction, settlement, release,
and discharge of, and in exchange for, such Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claims, in each
case of the foregoing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan.
The transactions described in this Step 3 are referred to as the Step 3 Transactions.

1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

2 This Restructuring Transactions Memorandum is subject to modification
to maximize tax efficiency.

Upon the consummation of the Step 3 Transactions,
(A) the Holders of Allowed Prepetition Term Loan Claims (and/or their respective designees under the Plan) and Allowed DIP Term
Loan Claims (and/or their respective designees under the Plan), collectively own all of the issued and outstanding New Equity Interests,
(B) TCS does not own any New Equity Interests and shall be deemed to have withdrawn from, and shall cease to be a member of, New
TopCo for all purposes, including for all purposes of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and the limited liability company agreement
of New TopCo, and (C) New TopCo shall have become a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in accordance with IRS Rev.
Rul. 99-5, 1999-1 C.B. 434. In addition, concurrently with the consummation of the Step 3 Transactions, without any further action on
the part of (or notice provided to) New TopCo, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, any recipient of New Equity Interests or any other
Person, (x) the initial limited liability company agreement of New TopCo (the Initial LLC Agreement) will be
deemed amended and restated, and replaced in its entirety, by the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of [] (the
A&R LLC Agreement), (y) the A&R LLC Agreement will be deemed effective,
valid, binding, and enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (z) all recipients of New Equity Interests pursuant to
the Step 3 Transactions shall be deemed signatories to the A&R LLC Agreement
and bound thereby in all respects even if any such recipient has not actually executed and delivered a counterpart thereof.

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each recipient
of New Equity Interests pursuant to the Step 3 Transactions shall be deemed to receive its pro rata share of the New Parent Shares
and to immediately contribute such New Parent Shares to New TopCo in exchange for New Equity Interests, consistent with IRS Rev. Rul.
99-5, 1999-1 C.B. 434.

4. On
the Effective Date, but immediately following the consummation of the Step 3 Transactions,
all Existing Equity Interests in Parent are cancelled, released, and extinguished, and will
be of no further force or effect, all for no consideration or distributions. Anything in
the Plan (without reference to this Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum) to the contrary
notwithstanding, the New Parent Shares shall not constitute Existing Equity Interests and
will not receive the treatment accorded to Existing Equity Interests set forth in the Plan.

It is the intention of the Debtors, Reorganized
Debtors, and Holders of Claims and Interests that the order of the steps contained in this Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum
be treated for U.S. federal and all applicable state and local tax purposes as occurring independently and in the order and timing set
forth above. The Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, and Holders of Claims and Interests agree, and shall be deemed to have agreed, to file
all tax returns consistently with, and take no position that is inconsistent with, such order, unless otherwise required by a determination
within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

This Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum
is subject to ongoing review, revision, and modification and this Restructuring Transaction Steps Memorandum may be amended, modified,
or revised as permitted by the Plan or any order of the Bankruptcy Court.

EXHIBIT B

New Organizational Documents

EXHIBIT B-1

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of The Container
Store Group, Inc.

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

of

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

(Effective as of [], 2025)

ARTICLE I

Offices

1. Business
Offices. The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation) may have one or more offices at such place
or places, either within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors)
may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.

2. Registered
Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be as set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Corporation (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Certificate
of Incorporation), unless changed as provided by the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (as amended from time
to time, the DGCL).

ARTICLE II

Stockholders Meetings

1. Annual
Meetings. An annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors shall be held in each year on such
date and at such time as the Board of Directors shall designate. At any such annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote thereon
shall elect directors of the Corporation and shall transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting; provided,
however, that no annual meeting of stockholders need be held if directors are elected by written consent of the stockholders entitled
to vote thereon in lieu of an annual meeting, in accordance with Section 211 of the DGCL.

2. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or the Secretary of the Corporation when directed
to do so by the Board of Directors or upon the written request (which shall state the purpose or purposes therefor) delivered to the
Corporation by the holders of not less than twenty percent (20.0%) of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation
(Common Stock). The record date for determining the holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to request a special
meeting of stockholders shall be the date on which the first demand for a special meeting is made. Business transacted at any special
meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice provided pursuant to Section 4 of
this Article II.

3. Place
of Meetings. Meetings of stockholders may be held (i) at any place within or outside the State of Delaware designated by
the Board of Directors or, in the case of a special meeting called at the request of the stockholders holding the requisite percentage
of shares of Common Stock, the stockholders that requested such meeting to be called as set forth in the written request therefor, and/or
(ii) if the Board of Directors or such stockholders so determine, by means of remote communication. Any stockholder participating
in a meeting by remote communication is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. In the absence of any such designation by the
Board of Directors or such stockholders, stockholder meetings shall be held at the principal place of business of the Corporation.

4. Notice
of Meetings. Not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to each annual or special meeting of the Corporations
stockholders, written notice of the meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting (unless such notice is
waived by such stockholder as provided in Article IV of these Bylaws); provided, however, that
if greater notice is required by the DGCL, the applicable provisions of the DGCL shall govern. All notices shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been effectively given, delivered, provided or received (i) when personally delivered to the stockholder to be
notified; (ii) if given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL, in accordance with Section 232
of the DGCL; (iii) three (3) business days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by certified or registered
mail with return receipt requested, addressed to the stockholder to be notified; or (iv) one (1) business day after deposit
with a national overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder to be notified with next-business day delivery
guaranteed, in each case to such stockholder at its address or electronic mail address set forth in the stock records of the Corporation.
The notice of any meeting shall state the place (and/or any means of remote communication), if any, date and time of the meeting, and,
in the case of a notice of a special meeting, shall also state the purpose or purposes of the meeting, in each case consistent with these
Bylaws.

5. Stockholders
List. A complete record of the stockholders entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders (or an adjourned meeting described
in Section 9 of this Article II), arranged by class of shares and, within each class, in alphabetical order,
showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class of stock registered in the name of such stockholder, shall
be prepared by the officer or agent of the Corporation who has charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation, provided
that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders is less than ten (10) days
before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date. Such record
of stockholders shall be available for inspection by any stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting beginning ten (10) days before
the meeting and continuing through the day before the meeting, subject to the requirements of the DGCL, either on a reasonably accessible
electronic network, provided, that the information required to gain access to such network is provided with the notice of the
meeting, or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation.

-2- 

6. Organization.
Any director selected by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such selection, the Chief Executive Officer (or, in the Chief
Executive Officers absence, any Vice President), shall call meetings of stockholders to order and act as chairperson of such meetings.
In the absence of said officers, any stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting, or any proxy of any such stockholder, may call the
meeting to order and a chairperson shall be elected by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares
of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at such meeting. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary
of the Corporation or any person appointed by the chairperson may act as secretary of such meetings.

7. Agenda
and Procedure. The Board of Directors shall have the responsibility of establishing an agenda for each meeting of stockholders,
subject to the rights of stockholders to raise matters for consideration which may otherwise properly be brought before an annual meeting
although not included within the agenda. The chairperson shall be charged with the orderly conduct of all meetings of stockholders.

8. Quorum.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the DGCL or other applicable law, at any annual or special
meeting of stockholders, the holders of shares of stock representing a majority of the voting power of the then issued and outstanding
shares of stock entitled to vote on a matter at the meeting, either present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum
with respect to action on such matter, and action may be taken with respect to any matter presented at the meeting only if a quorum exists
with respect to such matter.

9. Adjournment.
When a meeting is for any reason adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time,
place, if any, and the means of remote communications, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.
At the adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment
is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at
the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board
of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.

10. Voting.

a. Except
as otherwise required by law or otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of holders of any series
of preferred stock of the Corporation (if any), (i) at every meeting of stockholders (or with respect to corporate action which
may be taken without a meeting), every holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on any matter at such meeting shall
be entitled, with respect to such matter, to one (1) vote for each share of such stock held of record by such stockholder on the
record date designated therefor pursuant to Section 3 of Article IX of these Bylaws (or the record date established
pursuant to statute in the absence of such designation), (ii) whenever directors are to be elected by vote of stockholders, they
shall be elected in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 of Article III of these Bylaws, and (iii) whenever
any corporate action, other than the election of directors, is to be taken by vote of stockholders, such corporate action shall be authorized
by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote with respect to such corporate action.

-3- 

b. At
any meeting of stockholders, a stockholder may vote such stockholders shares either in person or by proxy. A stockholder may appoint
a proxy in person or through an attorney-in-fact and such appointment may be transmitted by any written statement of appointment permitted
by the DGCL. The appointment of a proxy shall be effective for the period expressly specified in the appointment form.

c. The
voting rights of fiduciaries, beneficiaries, pledgors, pledgees and joint, common and other multiple owners of shares of stock shall
be as provided from time to time by the DGCL and any other applicable law.

d. Shares
of stock of the Corporation held of record by another corporation or entity that are entitled to vote may be voted by such officer, agent
or proxy as the bylaws or other organizational documents of such other corporation or entity may prescribe, or, in the absence of any
applicable provision, as the board of directors or similar governing body of such other corporation or entity may determine.

11. Inspectors.
The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders may at any time appoint one (1) or more inspectors to serve at such meeting.
Such inspectors shall decide upon the qualifications of voters, including the validity of proxies, accept and count the votes for and
against the questions presented, report the results of such votes, and subscribe and deliver to the secretary of the meeting a certificate
stating the number of shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereon and the number of shares of stock voted for
and against the questions presented. The voting inspectors need not be stockholders of the Corporation, and any director or officer of
the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against such directors or officers election
to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which such officer or director may be directly interested.

ARTICLE III

Board of Directors

1. Election;
Term. Except as may otherwise be provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. On the effective date of these Bylaws (the Effective
Date), the number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be two (2). After the Effective Date, the number
of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be determined by the stockholders from time to time, but in no event shall
the number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors be less than one. Each director shall be elected by vote of holders
of a plurality of the votes of the shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting at which a quorum
is present called for the purpose of electing directors. Each director shall be elected to serve and to hold office until the next succeeding
annual meeting and until such directors successor shall be elected and shall qualify, or until such directors earlier death,
resignation or removal.

-4- 

2. Qualification.
Each director must be a natural person at least eighteen (18) years of age on the date of election but need not be a stockholder.

3. Annual
Meetings. On the same day as, and immediately following, each annual stockholders meeting, the Board of Directors shall
meet for the purpose of organization, election of officers and the transaction of any other business.

4. Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such time or times as may be determined by the Board of
Directors and specified in the notice of such meetings.

5. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by any of the directors.

6. Place
of Meetings. Any meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place or places as shall from time to time be determined
by the Board of Directors or, in the case of a special meeting of the Board of Directors, by the director(s) calling such meeting,
and as shall be designated in the notice of the meeting. If no other place is designated in the notice of the meeting, such meeting shall
be held at the Corporations principal executive offices.

7. Quorum.
A quorum for meetings of the Board of Directors will require the attendance of at least a majority of the total number of directors.
The vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors,
unless the express provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws requires a different vote, in which case
such express provisions shall govern and control.

8. Notice
of Meetings. Notice of each meeting of the Board of Directors, whether annual, regular or special, shall be given to each director
(unless such notice is waived by such director as provided in Article IV of these Bylaws). Unless a longer period is required
by the DGCL, if such notice is given either (i) by personally delivering written notice to a director, (ii) by personally telephoning
such director or (iii) by email transmission at the email address of such director on the books and records of the Corporation,
it shall be so given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Unless a longer period is required by the DGCL, if such notice is given
by depositing a written notice by overnight courier service, postage prepaid, directed to such director at that persons residence
or place of business, it shall be so given at least two (2) days prior to the meeting. The notice shall state the date and time
of the meeting, but need not, unless otherwise required by the DGCL, state the purposes of the meeting.

9. Meetings
by Telecommunication. One (1) or more members of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the Board of Directors
may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by any means of communication, including teleconference or similar
remote communications, by which all persons participating in such meeting can hear each other at substantially the same time or by any
other means permitted by the DGCL. Any director or committee member participating in a meeting by any such means of communication is
deemed to be present in person at such meeting.

-5- 

10. Organization,
Agenda and Procedure. The directors shall choose a director to act as chairperson to preside over the meetings of the Board of
Directors. The Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, or any other person appointed by any such chairperson shall act as secretary of each
meeting of the Board of Directors. The procedure for such meetings shall be as determined by such chairperson. All proposed agenda topics
to be reviewed at the annual meetings and the regular meetings shall be delivered to each director prior to, or at the time that, notice
of such meeting is provided to such director.

11. Resignation.
Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice of such directors resignation to the Board
of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, any Vice President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect
at the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance
of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

12. Vacancies.
Vacancies on the Board of Directors shall be filled by the stockholders of the Corporation.

13. Committees.
The Board of Directors may from time to time designate from among its members any committee deemed appropriate or necessary by the
Board of Directors (each such committee to consist of one (1) or more directors). The Board of Directors may designate a chairperson
of each such committee from among its members. Each such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution establishing such committee
and except as otherwise prescribed by the DGCL, shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board of Directors
in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation; provided, however, that no such committee shall
have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election
or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend, or repeal
these Bylaws. Any or all members of any such committee may be removed, with or without cause, by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Rules governing the procedures for meetings of each committee shall be as established by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IV

Waiver of Notice by Stockholders and Directors;
Action

of Stockholders and Directors by Consent

1. Waiver
of Notice. A stockholder or director may waive any notice required by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws,
whether before or after the date or time stated in the notice as the date or time when any action will occur or has occurred. Any such
waiver shall be in writing, be signed by the stockholder or director entitled to the notice, and be delivered to the Secretary of the
Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records, but such delivery and filing shall not be conditions of
the effectiveness of the waiver. Attendance of a stockholder (in person or by duly authorized proxy) at a meeting of stockholders, or
attendance by a director at a meeting of the Board of Directors, (i) shall be deemed a waiver of objection to lack of required notice
or defective notice of the meeting, unless the stockholder or the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at
the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened because of lack
of notice or defective notice, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting, and (ii) shall be deemed
a waiver of objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in
the meeting notice, or of a matter without special notice required by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, unless
the stockholder or director expressly objects to considering the matter when it is presented and does not thereafter vote for or assent
to action taken at the meeting with respect to such matter.

-6- 

2. Action
By Written Consent Without a Meeting.

a. Unless
the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL expressly requires that such action be taken solely at a stockholders meeting, any
action required or permitted to be taken at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without
a meeting and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of
outstanding shares of stock having not less than the minimum voting power that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at
a meeting at which all shares of stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery
to its registered office in Delaware or its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody
of the books in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office
shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Such action shall be effective as of the time the last
writing necessary to effect the action is received by the Corporation, unless all writings necessary to effect the action specify a later
time, in which case the later time shall be the time of the action; provided, however, such action shall not be
effective if the last writing necessary to effect the action is delivered to the Corporation later than sixty (60) days after the date
the first such written consent was delivered to the Corporation. Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by
less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders as of the record date for the action
by consent who have not consented and who would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the action had been taken at a meeting
and the record date for the notice of the meeting were the record date for the action by consent.

b. Unless
otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of
the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission. Such action shall be effective as of the time the last
director signs a writing, or transmits an electronic transmission, describing the action taken unless before such time the Secretary
has received a written revocation of the consent of any other director, and any action so taken shall be effective at the time taken
unless the directors specify a different effective time.

-7- 

ARTICLE V

Officers

1. Election,
Authority and Tenure. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of such officers as designated by the Board of Directors
from time to time, including, without limitation, a Chief Executive Officer (who shall also be the President), a Chief Financial Officer,
a Secretary and a Treasurer, each of whom shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may expressly delegate
to any such officer the power to appoint or remove subordinate officers, agents or employees. Any two or more offices may be held by
the same person. Each officer so appointed shall continue in office until a successor shall be appointed and shall qualify, or until
the officers earlier death, resignation or removal. Each officer shall be a natural person who is eighteen (18) years of age or
older.

2. Resignation,
Removal and Vacancies. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of resignation to the Corporation to the attention
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect when the notice is received
by the Corporation unless the notice specifies a later date, and acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to render such
resignation effective unless such resignation so states. The Board of Directors may at any time terminate, remove or modify the authority
of any officer, with or without cause. If any office becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors.
An officer appointed to fill a vacancy shall be appointed for the unexpired term of such officers predecessor in office and shall
continue in office until a successor shall be elected or appointed and shall qualify, or until such officers earlier death, resignation
or removal. The appointment of an officer shall not itself create contract rights in favor of the officer, and the removal of an officer
shall not affect the officers contract rights, if any, with the Corporation, and the resignation of an officer does not affect
the Corporations contract rights, if any, with the officer.

3. Compensation.
Officers of the Corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, emoluments, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed
from time to time by the Board of Directors or in such manner as the Board of Directors shall provide.

4. Chief
Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, if any, shall (i) have general and active management of the business of
the Corporation, and preside over the day-to-day business operations of the Corporation; (ii) see that all orders and resolutions
of the Board of Directors are carried into effect; and (iii) perform all duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board
of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall also be the President of the Corporation.

5. Chief
Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time
to time be assigned by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any, and shall perform such duties and have such powers
and responsibilities as are incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Chief Financial Officer shall have, along
with the Chief Executive Officer, if any, responsibility for the day-to-day business operations of the Corporation.

-8- 

6. Vice
Presidents. The Vice Presidents, if any, shall perform such duties and possess such powers as from time to time may be assigned
to them by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in the event
of the inability or refusal of the Chief Executive Officer to act, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President,
the Vice Presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of the
election or appointment of the Vice Presidents) shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so performing shall
have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer.

7. Secretary.
The Secretary, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of
Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident
to the office of Secretary, including, without limitation, the duty and power to give notice of all meetings of stockholders and the
Board of Directors, the preparation and maintenance of minutes of the directors and stockholders meetings and other records
and information required to be kept by the Corporation under these Bylaws and for authenticating records of the Corporation, and to be
custodian of the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents, the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation
is authorized by these Bylaws or by the action of the Board of Directors.

8. Treasurer.
The Treasurer, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of
Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident
to the office of Treasurer, including, without limitation, the duty and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities
of the Corporation, to deposit funds of the Corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these Bylaws, to disburse such funds
as ordered by the Board of Directors, making proper accounts thereof, and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements
of all such transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

9. Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, if any, shall perform such duties as
shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or the Treasurer, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer, if any, or the Board of
Directors. In the absence, inability or refusal of the Secretary or the Treasurer to act, the Assistant Secretaries or Assistant Treasurers,
respectively, in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election
or appointment, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary or Treasurer, as the case may be.

ARTICLE VI

Execution of Instruments; Borrowing; Checks
and

Endorsements; Deposits; Proxies

1. Execution
of Instruments. The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President shall have the power to execute
and deliver on behalf of and in the name of the Corporation any instrument requiring the signature of an officer of the Corporation,
except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or when the execution and delivery of the instrument shall be expressly delegated by the
Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. Unless authorized to do so by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors
or incident to the powers of the office of any particular officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to
bind the Corporation in any way, to pledge its credit or to render it liable pecuniarily for any purpose or in any amount.

-9- 

2. Borrowing.
No loan shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation, and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued, endorsed or accepted in
its name, unless authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee designated by the Board of Directors so to act. Such authority may
be general or confined to specific instances. When so authorized, an officer may (i) effect loans at any time for the Corporation
from any bank or other entity and for such loans may execute and deliver promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation;
and (ii) mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any real or personal property, or any interest therein, owned or held by the Corporation
as security for the payment of any loans or obligations of the Corporation, and to that end may execute and deliver for the Corporation
such instruments as may be necessary or proper in connection with such transaction.

3. Checks
and Endorsements. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, obligations, notes or other evidences of indebtedness,
bills of lading, warehouse receipts, trade acceptances and other such instruments shall be signed or endorsed for the Corporation by
such officers or agents of the Corporation as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, which resolution
may provide for the use of electronic signatures.

4. Deposits.
All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the Corporations credit in such
banks or other depositories as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, which resolution may specify
the officers or agents of the Corporation who shall have the power, and the manner in which such power shall be exercised, to make such
deposits and to endorse, assign and deliver for collection and deposit checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money payable
to the Corporation or its order.

5. Proxies.
The Board of Directors may (i) from time to time appoint one (1) or more agents of the Corporation, in the name and on
behalf of the Corporation, (a) to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities
in any other corporation, association or other entity whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of
the holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation, association or other entity, or (b) to consent in writing
to any action by such other corporation, association or other entity; and (ii) instruct the person so appointed (a) as to the
manner of casting such votes or giving such consent, and (b) to execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the
Corporation and under its corporate seal, or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as may be deemed necessary or proper.

-10- 

ARTICLE VII

Shares of Stock

1. Certificates
of Stock. The shares of stock of the Corporation may, but need not, be represented by certificates. Unless the DGCL or another
law expressly provides otherwise, the fact that the shares of stock are not represented by certificates shall have no effect on the rights
and obligations of stockholders. If the shares of stock are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be signed by any two
(2) authorized officers of the Corporation, and may, but need not, be sealed with the corporate seal of the Corporation. Any or
all of the signatures on the certificate may be by facsimile or electronic signature. In case any officer of the Corporation who shall
have signed, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall have been placed on, any certificate shall cease for any reason to be such
officer before such certificate shall have been issued or delivered by the Corporation, such certificate may nevertheless be issued and
delivered by the Corporation as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall have
been placed thereon, had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. Every certificate representing shares of stock (if any) issued
by the Corporation shall state the number of shares of stock owned by the holder in the Corporation, shall designate the class of stock
to which such shares belong, and shall otherwise be in such form as is required by law and as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

2. Shares
Without Certificates. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of any class or series of shares of stock of the Corporation
without certificates. Such authorization shall not affect shares of stock already represented by certificates until they are surrendered
to the Corporation or its transfer agent. Within a reasonable time following the issue or transfer of shares of stock without certificates,
the Corporation shall send, or direct its transfer agent to send, the stockholder a complete written statement of the information required
on certificates by the DGCL.

3. Record.
A record shall be kept of the name of each person or entity holding the shares of stock represented by each certificate for shares
of stock of the Corporation issued, the number and class of shares of stock represented by each such certificate, the date thereof and,
in the case of cancellation, the date of cancellation. The person or other entity in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of
the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof, and thus a holder of record of such shares of stock, for all purposes as regards the
Corporation.

4. Transfer
of Stock. Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered
holder thereof, or by such registered holders attorney thereunto authorized, and on the surrender of the certificate or certificates
(if any) for such shares of stock properly endorsed. The stock record book and other transfer records shall be in the possession of the
Secretary or of a transfer agent for the Corporation.

5. Transfer
Agents and Registrars; Regulations. The Corporation, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may from time to time appoint a
transfer agent and a registrar, under such arrangements and upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems advisable,
but until and unless the Board of Directors appoints some other person, firm or corporation as its transfer agent (and upon the revocation
of any such appointment, thereafter until a new appointment is similarly made) the Secretary of the Corporation shall be the transfer
agent of the Corporation without the necessity of any formal action of the Board of Directors, and the Secretary, or any person designated
by the Secretary, shall perform all of the duties of such transfer agent. The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations
as it may deem expedient and as are not inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws concerning the issue, transfer
and registration of shares of stock of the Corporation.

-11- 

6. Lost,
Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. In case of the alleged loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate representing stock
of the Corporation, a new certificate may be issued in place thereof, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as the Board
of Directors may prescribe, and shall be issued in such situations as required by the DGCL.

ARTICLE VIII

Fiscal Year

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall be established by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX

Corporate Books and Records

1. Books
and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept at such place or places as may be from time to time designated
by the Board of Directors. The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of account, including the amount of its
assets and liabilities, minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and the Board of Directors (and any committee of the Board of
Directors), and the names and places of residence of its officers.

2. Addresses
of Stockholders. Each stockholder shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent
an address or e-mail address to which notices from the Corporation, including notices of meetings, may be directed, and if any stockholder
shall fail so to designate such an address or e-mail address, it shall be sufficient for any such notice to be directed to such stockholder
at such stockholders address or e-mail address last known to the Secretary or the Corporations transfer agent.

3. Fixing
Record Date.

a. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date for notice, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten
(10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a record date, such record
date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines,
at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the record date for making such
determination.

-12- 

b. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.

c. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such
action.

If no record date is fixed:
(i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the
close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the
day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (ii) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent
to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which
the first written consent is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law; (iii) the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when prior action by the Board of Directors
is required, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action;
and (iv) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and
in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date
as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 at the
adjourned meeting.

4. Audits
of Books and Accounts. The Corporations books and accounts shall be audited at such times and by such auditors as shall
be specified and designated by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE X

Amendments

The Board of Directors is
expressly authorized and empowered to adopt, amend or repeal any or all of these Bylaws, or to adopt new bylaws; provided, however,
that any or all of these Bylaws may also be amended or repealed, or new bylaws may also be made, in any such case by the stockholders.

-13- 

EXHIBIT B-2

Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of

Incorporation of The Container Store Group, Inc.

SECOND AMENDED
AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

THE CONTAINER
STORE GROUP, INC.

The
Container Store Group, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of, and subject to the requirements
of, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law), hereby certifies that:

The
name of the corporation is The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation). The Corporation filed its original
Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 29, 2007 under the name TCS Holdings, Inc.
and was subsequently amended and restated with the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on November 6,
2013 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the filing of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, the Current Certificate of Incorporation). This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Certificate of Incorporation),
which amends and restates the Current Certificate of Incorporation in its entirety, has been duly adopted without the need for approval
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or the stockholders of the Corporation pursuant to the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization
of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, which was approved by
an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, entered on [], 2025 in jointly
administered chapter 11 cases captioned In re: The Container Store Group, Inc., et al., Case No. 24-90627 (ARP), and in accordance
with Section 303 of the General Corporation Law. This Certificate of Incorporation shall become effective on the date of filing
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

The
Current Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

FIRST:
The name of the corporation is The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND:
The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is c/o Cogency Global, Inc., 850 New Burton Rd
#201, Dover, Delaware, 19904. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is Cogency Global, Inc.

THIRD:
The nature of the business of the Corporation and its purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law).

-2-

FOURTH:
The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 5,000 shares of common stock, par
value of $0.01 per share. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall not issue non-voting equity securities
of any class, series or other designation to the extent prohibited by Section 1123(a)(6) of title 11 of the United States Code,
11 U.S.C. 1011532, as amended (the Bankruptcy Code); provided, however, that the
foregoing restriction (a) shall have no further force and effect beyond that required under Section 1123(a)(6) of the
Bankruptcy Code, (b) shall only have such force and effect to the extent and for so long as such Section 1123(a)(6) is
in effect and applies to the Corporation and (c) may be amended or eliminated in accordance with applicable law as from time to
time may be in effect.

FIFTH:
The election of directors need not be by written ballot.

SIXTH:
The Board of Directors shall have the power without the assent or vote of the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the bylaws
of the Corporation (the Bylaws), except to the extent that the Bylaws or this Certificate of Incorporation otherwise
provide.

SEVENTH:
To the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, including, without limitation, Section 102(b)(7) of the General
Corporation Law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or to any of its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director; provided that nothing contained in this Article Seventh shall
eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or
its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived
an improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. No amendment to or repeal of this Article Seventh shall
apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such
director occurring prior to the effective date of such amendment or repeal.

EIGHTH:
To the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law, the Corporation shall indemnify any and all officers
and directors of the Corporation from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in and covered
by said section, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any officer or
director of the Corporation may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or otherwise, both as to action or inaction
in his or her official capacity and as to action or inaction in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to
a person who has ceased to be an officer or director of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators
of such a person.

-3-

NINTH:
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in
the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the General Corporation Law and any other applicable law, and all rights herein conferred upon
stockholders or directors are granted subject to this reservation.

TENTH:
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (or, if the Court of Chancery
does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware (together with the Court of Chancery, the Delaware
Courts and, individually, a Delaware Court)) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole
and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting
a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Corporation
to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the General Corporation Law, this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by
the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the Delaware Court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties
named as defendants therein. If any action or proceeding the subject matter of which is within the scope of this Article Tenth is
filed in a court other than a Delaware Court (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder
shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts in connection with any action brought
in any such court to enforce this Article Tenth (an Enforcement Action) and (b) having service of process
made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign Action as agent
for such stockholder. Any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to
have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article Tenth.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which amends and restates
the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to be made, executed and acknowledged by its duly authorized
officer this [] day of [], 2025, as directed by and provided for in the Order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of Texas, dated [], 2025, confirming the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store
Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

THE CONTAINER
STORE GROUP, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT B-3

Amended and Restated
Limited Liability Company Agreement

[]

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY AGREEMENT

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article
1 DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 1

1.1 Certain Definitions 1

1.2 Rules of Construction 18

Article
2 GENERAL 19

2.1 Limited Liability Company Agreement 19

2.2 Name 19

2.3 Term 19

2.4 Business Offices 20

2.5 Registered Office and Agent 20

2.6 Qualification in Other Jurisdictions 20

2.7 No State-Law Partnership 20

Article
3 PURPOSE OF THE BUSINESS 20

Article
4 MEMBERS; MEETINGS 21

4.1 Members 21

4.2 Substituted Members and Additional Members 21

4.3 Member Meetings 22

4.4 Authority of the Members 25

4.5 Limitation on Liability 26

4.6 AI Questionnaire 26

4.7 Beneficial Ownership Reporting 26

Article 5
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 28

5.1 Units 28

5.2 Issuance of Units 28

5.3 Certificated Units 30

5.4 Voting Rights 30

5.5 Record 31

5.6 No Appraisal Rights 31

5.7 Lost, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates 31

5.8 Creditor Relationships 32

Article 6
MANAGEMENT; OPERATION OF THE COMPANY BUSINESS 32

6.1 Management of the Company 32

6.2 Board 33

6.3 Regular Meetings 36

6.4 Special Meetings 36

-i- 

6.5 Place of Meetings 36

6.6 Notice of Meetings 36

6.7 Meetings by Remote Communication 36

6.8 Quorum; Acts of Managers 37

6.9 Organization, Agenda and Procedures 37

6.10 Waiver of Notice 37

6.11 Managers Action By Written Consent 37

6.12 Removal 38

6.13 Resignation 38

6.14 Vacancies 38

6.15 Committees 39

6.16 Compensation of Managers 39

6.17 Subsidiary Governing Bodies 40

6.18 Affiliate Transactions 40

6.19 Required Manager Approval and Approval of Board and
Majority Members for Certain Actions 40

6.20 Observers 40

Article 7
OFFICERS; POWERS OF OFFICERS 42

7.1 Election and Tenure 42

7.2 Resignation, Removal and Vacancies 42

7.3 Chairperson 42

7.4 Chief Executive Officer 42

7.5 Chief Financial Officer 42

7.6 Controller 43

7.7 Vice Presidents 43

7.8 Secretary 43

7.9 Treasurer 43

7.10 Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers 43

7.11 Salaries 43

7.12 Borrowing 44

7.13 Checks and Endorsements 44

7.14 Deposits 44

7.15 Proxies 44

Article 8
EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 45

8.1 Exculpation 45

8.2 Indemnification 46

8.3 No Member Liability 48

8.4 Settlements 48

8.5 Business Opportunities; Fiduciary Duties 48

8.6 Subrogation 50

8.7 Insurance 51

8.8 Amendments 51

-ii- 

Article 9
TRANSFERS 51

9.1 Restrictions on Transfers 51

9.2 Transfer Agents; Regulations 58

9.3 Drag-Along Transactions 58

9.4 Tag-Along Transactions 64

9.5 Appointment of Purchaser Representative 67

9.6 Preemptive Rights 67

9.7 Right of First Offer 69

9.8 Transfers Among Members 72

Article 10
FISCAL YEAR; BOOKS OF ACCOUNT; REPORTS 72

10.1 Fiscal Year 72

10.2 Books and Records 72

10.3 Tax Information 72

10.4 Tax Elections and Accounting 73

10.5 Company Representative 73

10.6 Required Records 74

10.7 Audits of Books and Accounts 75

Article 11
CAPITAL 75

11.1 Capital Contributions 75

11.2 No Right to Return of Contribution 75

11.3 Additional Capital Contributions 75

11.4 Loans to the Company; No Interest on Capital 75

11.5 Creditors Interest in the Company 76

11.6 Capital Accounts 76

11.7 Return of Capital 77

Article 12
ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 77

12.1 Profits and Losses 77

12.2 Special Allocations 77

12.3 Curative Allocations 79

12.4 Limitation on Allocation of Losses 79

12.5 Other Allocation Rules 79

12.6 Tax Allocations: Code Section 704(c) 80

Article 13
DISTRIBUTIONS 80

13.1 Distributions 80

13.2 Limitations on Distributions 81

13.3 No Other Distributions 81

13.4 Withholding Tax 82

-iii- 

Article 14
WITHDRAWALS; ACTION FOR PARTITION 83

14.1 Waiver of Partition 83

14.2 Covenant Not to Withdraw or Dissolve 83

Article 15
DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 83

15.1 Events Causing Dissolution 83

15.2 Liquidation and Winding Up 84

15.3 No Deficit Restoration Obligation 84

Article 16
AMENDMENTS 84

16.1 Amendments 84

Article 17
INFORMATION RIGHTS 86

17.1 Information Rights 86

17.2 Delivery of Information 87

17.3 Termination of Information Rights 87

Article 18
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE MEMBERS 87

18.1 Representations and Warranties of the Members 87

18.2 Survival of Representations and Warranties 90

Article 19
MISCELLANEOUS 90

19.1 Entire Agreement 90

19.2 Counterparts 90

19.3 Severability 90

19.4 Successors and Assigns 91

19.5 Notices 91

19.6 Headings 91

19.7 Governing Law; Consent
to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial 91

19.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries 92

19.9 Binding Effect 92

19.10 Additional Actions and Documents 92

19.11 Injunctive Relief 92

19.12 Assignment 93

19.13 Redaction 93

19.14 Spousal Consent 93

19.15 Financial Crimes Matters 93

19.16 Termination 93

-iv- 

Article 20
CONFIDENTIALITY 94

20.1 Confidentiality 94

20.2 Permitted Disclosure of Confidential Information 94

Article 21
IPO 96

21.1 IPO Approval 96

21.2 Required Actions 97

21.3 Registration Rights Agreement 97

SCHEDULES AND
EXHIBITS

Schedule A Actions
Requiring Approval of Majority Members

Schedule B Initial
Officers

Exhibit A Form of
AI Questionnaire

Exhibit B Form of
Joinder Agreement

Exhibit C Form of
Transferee Confidentiality Agreement

-v- 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

OF

[]

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified
from time to time, together with all schedules, exhibits and annexes hereto, this Agreement) of [] (the Company),
is made as of [], 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among (a) the Company and (b) each of the members
of the Company from time to time (each, a Member and, collectively, the Members).

WHEREAS,
on [], 2025, the Company was formed as a Delaware limited liability company pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act, Title 6 of the Delaware Code, Section 18-101, et seq. (as amended from time to time, the Act),
by filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Formation of the Company (as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Certificate of Formation);

WHEREAS,
on [], 2025, the sole member of the Company, The Container Store, Inc. (the Initial Member), entered
into a Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated
or otherwise modified prior to the Effective Date, together with all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto, the Initial LLC
Agreement); and

WHEREAS,
on the Effective Date, the Plan of Reorganization became effective and, pursuant thereto, or as contemplated thereby, (a) all issued
and outstanding Common Units (as defined in the Initial LLC Agreement) were distributed by the Initial Member to the recipients
thereof as set forth in, or as contemplated by, the Plan of Reorganization, (b) the Initial LLC Agreement was amended and restated
in its entirety as set forth in, and replaced by, this Agreement, (c) each of the Persons that received such Common Units became
a party to this Agreement as a Member hereunder, became fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, conditions
and provisions of this Agreement as a Member party hereto, and is deemed to have signed this Agreement, and (d) the
Initial Member ceased to own any Equity Interests in the Company and withdrew as a member of the Company.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and other obligations set forth herein, and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Article 1

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

1.1 Certain
Definitions. As used herein:

Accredited
Investor means an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

Adjusted
Capital Account means, with respect to any Member, the balance, if any, in such Members Capital Account as of the end
of the relevant Allocation Year, after giving effect to the adjustments set forth herein and the following adjustments:

(a) credit
to such Capital Account any amounts which such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or is deemed to
be obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or pursuant to the penultimate sentence
of each of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5); and

(b) debit
to such Capital Account the items described in paragraphs (4), (5) and (6) of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d).

The foregoing definition
of Adjusted Capital Account is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Treasury Regulations
to the extent relevant thereto and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that (either directly or indirectly) controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with the specified Person, and shall also include (a) any Related Fund of such Person and (b) in the case of a specified
Person who is an individual, any Family Member or Personal Representative of such Person. The term control (including,
with its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control
with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies
of a Person (whether through ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise).

AI
Questionnaire means an Accredited Investor Questionnaire in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Allocation
Year means the Fiscal Year or any portion of the Fiscal Year for which the Company is required to allocate Profits, Losses,
and other items of Company income, gain, loss, or deduction pursuant to Article 12.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, and any other bribery, fraud, kickback
or other similar applicable laws or regulations of any Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is located or doing business.

Anti-Money
Laundering Laws means applicable laws or regulations of any Governmental Authority that relate to money laundering, counter-terrorist
financing, or record keeping and reporting requirements in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is located
or doing business.

Award
Agreement means any agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing or governing an award issued under any
Management Incentive Plan, including any award consisting of Class B Units or any award that is convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
for or into, or which provides for the delivery of, Class B Units.

-2- 

Bankruptcy
Court means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division.

BOI
Laws means the Corporate Transparency Act, 31 U.S.C. 5336, and all rules, regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder
or in connection therewith, and any beneficial ownership reporting law, rule, regulation or guidance of any state or other applicable
jurisdiction, as each may be amended, supplemented, updated or replaced from time to time.

Business
Day means any day other than a day which is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday on which banks in the City of New York are
authorized or obligated by law to close.

Capital
Account means the capital account maintained for each Member pursuant to Section 11.6, as the same may be credited
or debited in accordance with the terms hereof.

Capital
Contribution means, with respect to any Member, the amount of money and the initial Gross Asset Value of any property (other
than money) contributed, or deemed contributed, by such Member to the Company (net of any liabilities secured by such property that the
Company is considered to assume or take subject to under Code Section 752), including any initial capital contribution and additional
capital contribution of such Member under Section 11.1.

Chairperson
means, as of any time of determination, the chairperson of the Board as of such time.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Company
Minimum Gain means partnership minimum gain as set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(d).

Competitor
means, as of any time of determination, (a) any Person that is identified by name on the Restricted List as of such time of determination,
which may include one or more Investment Funds, (b) any Person that is engaged in competition with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
as of such time, as reasonably determined by the Board, and (c) any Person that is an Affiliate of any Person referred to in clause
(a) or clause (b) that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of any such Person on the basis of such Affiliates
name; provided, that, solely with respect to clause (b), a Competitor shall not include (i) any Investment Fund or
(ii) any Entity that is formed by an Investment Fund and whose only assets are or will be (after giving effect to any proposed or
contemplated transfer or assignment of Units or other securities or indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), directly
or indirectly, Units or other securities or indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood that a Person
described in clause (i) or clause (ii) may be a Competitor under clause (a) or clause (c)).

Covered
Person means (a) any Member, (b) any Affiliate of a Member, (c) any Person serving or having served as a Manager
or a member of any committee of the Board, (d) any Person serving or having served as an officer of the Company, (e) any Observer,
(f) the Company Representative and any Affiliate of the Company Representative, and (g) any Person who is or was a partner,
shareholder, member, officer, director, manager, fund adviser, investment adviser, investment manager, controlling person, employee,
consultant, counsel, representative or agent of a Member or the Company Representative or any Affiliate of a Member or the Company Representative
(other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), in each of the foregoing cases, in any such Persons capacity as such.

-3- 

Depreciation
means, for each Allocation Year, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction allowable with respect
to an asset for such Allocation Year, except that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs from its adjusted basis for U.S. federal
income tax purposes at the beginning of such Allocation Year, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning
Gross Asset Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction for such Allocation Year
bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis. If any asset shall have a zero adjusted basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Depreciation
shall be determined utilizing any reasonable method determined by the Board.

Designating
Group means any of the following groups of Members: (a) the Golub Members, (b) the LCM Members and (c) any
group of Members (which may be a single Member) that acquires a Designation Right pursuant to Section 6.2(e); provided,
that any group of Members described in any of clauses (a)-(c) of this definition will cease to be a Designating
Group once the Members in such group do not have a Designation Right.

Designating
Members means, as of any time of determination, the Members that are included in any Designating Group as of such time; and
Designating Member means any one of the Designating Members.

Designation
Right means the right of any Designating Group to designate any Managers pursuant to Section 6.2(b) or Section 6.2(e),
as applicable.

Distribution
means any distribution by the Company to any Member (in its capacity as such), including distributions payable in cash, property or securities
and including by means of distribution, redemption, repurchase or liquidation, except that none of the following shall be a Distribution:
(a) any subdivision (by Unit split or otherwise) or any combination (by reverse Unit split or otherwise) of all outstanding Units
of any class or series, and (b) any repurchases by the Company of Units from a Management Holder following termination of his or
her employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or termination of his or her service as a Manager or any member of any Subsidiary
Governing Body.

Entity
means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint stock company, joint venture, estate,
association, trust, unincorporated organization or association, business trust, tenancy in common or other legal entity.

Equity
Interests means, with respect to any Person, any capital stock (including common stock and preferred stock), limited liability
company interests, partnership interests or other equity, ownership, membership, beneficial or profits interests of such Person (however
designated).

ERISA
means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

-4- 

Excepted
Transaction means (a) any transaction or agreement entered into, consummated or effected on the Effective Date pursuant
to the Definitive Documents (as defined in the Transaction Support Agreement) and (b) any transaction expressly permitted or required
by this Agreement, including (i) any Distributions pursuant to Article 13 or Article 15, and (ii) issuances
of Additional Securities in accordance with Section 9.6.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded
Issuance means any issuance of Additional Securities (a) by means of a pro rata distribution to all holders of
any class or series of Units, (b) pursuant to any Management Incentive Plan or other compensation, incentive or similar plan, agreement
or arrangement approved by the Board to managers, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
with their service as managers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, their employment by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or their retention by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) in a public offering of equity securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Reorganized Issuer, (d) pursuant to the conversion, exchange or exercise of any options,
warrants or other securities granted after the Effective Date so long as the initial sale, issuance or grant of such options, warrants
or other securities complied with the terms of Section 9.6, (e) as consideration for an acquisition (whether by equity
sale, merger, recapitalization, asset purchase or otherwise) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of another Person (or portion
thereof) so long as such Additional Securities are only issued to the counterparty to such acquisition (or to such counterpartys
Affiliates) and in no event to any Member or any Affiliate of a Member, (f) in connection with the financing or refinancing of any
indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including as an equity kicker in connection therewith) where
such lender or investor is not then a Member or an Affiliate of a Member, unless such Member or such Affiliate is a Participating Lender
in a Specified Financing, or (g) in connection with a joint venture, partnership or strategic alliance by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries with another Person so long as such Additional Securities are only issued to such Person (or to such Persons
Affiliates) and in no event to any Member or an Affiliate of a Member.

Excluded
ROFO Transfer means, with respect to any Member, any Transfer of Units made by such Member: (a) to any Affiliate of such
Member, (b) in the case of any Member that is an investment fund, account or other investment vehicle, as an in-kind distribution
to its partners, members or accountholders (including any such distribution that is made in connection with a winding up or liquidation
of such Member), (c) in the case of any Member that is a nominee, investment manager, advisor or subadvisor for a beneficial owner
of Units, to such beneficial owner or to a Person that will serve as a nominee, investment manager, advisor or subadvisor for such beneficial
owner with respect to such Units, (d) that does not exceed, taken together with all other Units transferred by such Member and all
of its Affiliates at any time during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of such Transfer (excluding (x) Transfers made
pursuant to Section 9.3, (y) Transfers made pursuant to Section 9.4 and such Member and/or any such Affiliate
is a Tag-Along Seller and (z) Transfers made in compliance with Section 9.7 (other than any Excluded ROFO Transfer described
in this clause (d))), one percent (1.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units as of the date of such Transfer, (e) in
connection with a Drag-Along Transaction pursuant to Section 9.3 and such Member is a Dragged Member or a Selling Member,
(f) in connection with a Tag-Along Transaction pursuant to Section 9.4 and such Member is a Tag-Along Seller, and (g) to
the Company following termination of such Members employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or termination of such
Members service as a Manager or any member of any Subsidiary Governing Body.

-5- 

Excluded
Tag-Along Transfer means, with respect to any Member, any Transfer of Class A Units made by such Member: (a) to
any Affiliate of such Member, (b) in the case of any Member that is an investment fund, account or other investment vehicle, as
an in-kind distribution to its partners, members or accountholders (including any such distribution that is made in connection with a
winding up or liquidation of such Member), (c) in the case of any Member that is a nominee, investment manager, advisor or subadvisor
for a beneficial owner of Class A Units, to such beneficial owner or to a Person that will serve as a nominee, investment manager,
advisor or subadvisor for such beneficial owner with respect to such Class A Units, (d) in connection with a Drag-Along Transaction
pursuant to Section 9.3 and such Member is a Dragged Member or a Selling Member, (e) in connection with a Tag-Along
Transaction pursuant to Section 9.4 and such Member is a Tag-Along Seller, and (f) to ROFO Members pursuant to Section 9.7.

Existing
Lenders means, with respect to any Specified Financing, holders of indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the consummation of such Specified Financing.

Fair
Market Value means, with respect to any property or asset, the amount at which a willing buyer would pay to a willing seller
for such property or asset in an arms length transaction, where neither party is under any compulsion to buy or sell, and both
such parties are ready, willing and able to engage in such transaction and well informed about such property or asset, as reasonably
determined by the Board.

Family
Member means, with respect to any individual, (a) any Related Person of such individual or (b) any trust, limited
partnership, limited liability company or other Entity, the sole owners or beneficiaries of which are such individual and/or one or more
of such individuals Related Persons.

FinCEN
means the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or any successor bureau or agency.

Fiscal
Quarter means each quarterly accounting period as may be established by the Board or as required by the Code.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States from time to time consistently applied.

Golub
Members means, collectively, any Affiliates of Golub Capital LLC that own or hold Class A Units, so long as any such
Affiliate remains an Affiliate of Golub Capital LLC. Any consent, approval, decision (including any decision as to whether a Person,
action or thing is acceptable), determination, designation, identification, direction, specification, request, removal, instruction or
other action to be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise taken by the Golub Members pursuant to this Agreement
at any time shall be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise taken by the Golub Members that own or hold a majority
of the Class A Units owned or held by all of the Golub Members at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Person that does not
own or hold Class A Units as of any time of determination shall not constitute a Golub Member as of such time.

-6- 

Governmental
Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any entity, authority or body
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any government
authority, agency, department, board, body, commission or instrumentality of the United States or any other nation, or any state or other
political subdivision thereof, any court, tribunal or arbitrator and any self-regulatory organization.

Gross
Asset Value means, with respect to any asset, the assets adjusted basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except
as follows:

(a) the
initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the gross Fair Market Value of such asset;

(b) the
Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross Fair Market Values as of the times set forth
in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f)(5); provided, however, that adjustments pursuant to this paragraph
(b) shall be made only if the Board determines that such adjustments are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic
interests of the Members;

(c) the
Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to a Member shall be the gross Fair Market Value of such asset on the date of distribution;

(d) the
Gross Asset Values of Company assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets
pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments are taken into account
in determining Capital Accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and Section 12.2(g);
provided, however, that Gross Asset Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph (d) to the
extent the adjustment pursuant to paragraph (b) hereof is made in connection with the transaction that would otherwise
result in an adjustment pursuant to this paragraph (d); and

(e) if
the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b), or (d),
such Gross Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset for purposes of
computing Profits and Losses.

Holder
Managers means the individuals designated by any Designating Group to serve as a Manager pursuant to the Designation Right
of such Designating Group; and each such individual shall be referred to, individually, as a Holder Manager.

Hurdle
Amount means, in respect of any Class B Unit that is intended to be treated as a profits interest, an amount
determined by the Board, which amount shall not be less than the amount necessary to cause such Class B Unit to constitute a profits
interest in the Company within the meaning of Revenue Procedure 93-27, 1993-2 C.B. 343, as clarified by Revenue Procedure 2001-43,
2001-2 C.B. 191.

-7- 

Independent
Manager means any Manager who is neither (a) an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor (b) an employee
of any Member or any Affiliate of any Member as of the time such Manager is designated or appointed to the Board or at any time three
(3) months prior to such time.

Interest
means all or any part of a Members equity, ownership, membership, profit or other right, title and interest in the Company in
such Members capacity as a Member, including all of such Members rights in Profits, Losses and Distributions and all of
such Members rights under this Agreement.

Investment
Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Investment
Fund means a bona fide investment fund or other investment vehicle, such as a hedge fund, private equity fund, an account,
a share trust, an investment trust, an investment company, a pension fund or an insurance company, in each case, the business, operations
or assets of which are held for investment purposes and the investments in which are professionally managed.

IPO
means the first underwritten public offering of the common equity securities of the Company (or any successor or Subsidiary of the Company,
including any Reorganized Issuer) following the Effective Date pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
filed with the SEC that results in such common equity being listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Joinder
Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

LCM
Members means, collectively, any Affiliates of LCM Asset Management LLC that own or hold Class A Units, so long as any
such Affiliate remains an Affiliate of LCM Asset Management LLC. Any consent, approval, decision (including any decision as to whether
a Person, action or thing is acceptable), determination, designation, identification, direction, specification, request, removal, instruction
or other action to be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise taken by the LCM Members pursuant to this Agreement
at any time shall be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise taken by the LCM Members that own or hold a majority
of the Class A Units owned or held by all of the LCM Members at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Person that does not own
or hold Class A Units as of any time of determination shall not constitute a LCM Member as of such time.

Liens
means any lien, encumbrance, claim, right, demand, charge, mortgage, deed of trust, option, pledge, security interest or similar interest,
title defect, hypothecation, easement, right of way, restrictive covenant, encroachment, right of first refusal, preemptive right, judgment,
conditional sale or other title retention agreement and all other impositions, imperfections, defects, limitations or restrictions of
any nature or kind whatsoever.

-8- 

Major
Member means each Member that, as of the Effective Date (immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring
Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective Date, including all payments and distributions to be made on or as of the Effective Date),
owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) at least five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units as of the
Effective Date (immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective
Date, including all payments and distributions to be made on or as of the Effective Date); provided, however, that any
such Member will permanently cease to be a Major Member once such Member owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) less
than five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units at any time after the Effective Date; provided, that
if any such Member owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) less than five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A
Units at any time after the Effective Date as a result of the sale or issuance of Additional Securities pursuant to Section 9.6(d),
then such Member shall not cease to be a Major Member as a result of such sale or issuance unless such Member owns or holds (together
with its Affiliates) less than five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units after the consummation of the sale
or issuance of Additional Securities to Other Preemptive Members pursuant to Section 9.6(d), if any.

Majority
Members means, as of any time of determination, Members that collectively own or hold greater than fifty percent (50.0%) of
the issued and outstanding Class A Units as of such time; provided, that, solely for purposes of determining Majority
Members under Section 15.1(a), the reference to Class A Units set forth in the portion of this
definition preceding this proviso shall be deemed to be a reference to Class A Units and Class B Units (treated as one
class of Units).

Majority
Specified Members means, as of any time of determination, Specified Members as of such time who collectively own or hold greater
than fifty percent (50.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units owned or held by all Specified Members as of such time.

Management
Holders means (a) members of the Board or any of the Subsidiary Governing Bodies and (b) employees of or consultants
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in any such case who are selected by the Board (or any applicable committee thereof) to participate
in any Management Incentive Plan.

Management
Incentive Plan means any management incentive plan established by the Board to provide incentives to Management Holders in
the form of Class B Units or other equity or equity-based awards, as may be amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise
modified from time to time.

Manager
means a manager serving on the Board at any given time.

Member
Nonrecourse Debt means partner nonrecourse debt as set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4).

Member
Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain means an amount, with respect to each Member Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company Minimum
Gain that would result if such Member Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with Treasury
Regulations Sections 1.704-2(i)(2) and (3).

-9- 

Member
Nonrecourse Deductions means partner nonrecourse deductions as set forth in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(i)(1) and
(2).

Nonrecourse
Deductions has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(1) and 1.704-2(c).

Nonrecourse
Liability has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(3).

Permitted
Liens means Liens that are imposed (a) by this Agreement or (b) under applicable
securities laws.

Person
means an individual, an Entity, or a Governmental Authority.

Personal
Representative means the legal representative (including a guardian, executor, administrator or conservator) of a deceased
or incompetent Member that is an individual.

Plan
Asset Regulation means the regulation issued by the U.S. Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified
by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

Plan
of Reorganization means the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor
Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on [], 2025, and including all exhibits
and supplements thereto.

Profits
and Losses means, for each Allocation Year, an amount equal to the Companys taxable income or loss for such
Allocation Year, determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss, or deduction
required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in taxable income or loss), with the
following adjustments (without duplication):

(a) any
income of the Company that is exempt from federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant
to this definition of Profits and Losses shall be added to such taxable income or loss;

(b) any
expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or
Losses pursuant to this definition of Profits and Losses, shall be subtracted from such taxable income or
loss;

(c) in
the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) in
the definition of Gross Asset Value, the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the
disposition of such Company asset for purposes of computing Profits or Losses;

-10- 

(d) gain
or loss resulting from any disposition of Company property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes
shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such
property differs from its Gross Asset Value;

(e) in
lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss,
there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such Allocation Year, computed in accordance with the definition thereof;

(f) to
the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Company asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b) is
required pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) to be taken into account in determining Capital
Accounts as a result of a distribution other than in liquidation of a Members Units, the amount of such adjustment shall be treated
as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases the basis of the asset)
from the disposition of the asset and shall be taken into account for purposes of computing Profits and Losses; and

(g) notwithstanding
any other provision of this definition of Profits and Losses, any items that are specially allocated under
this Agreement shall not be taken into account in computing Profits or Losses.

Regulations
or Treasury Regulations means the income tax regulations promulgated under the Code as such regulations may be amended
from time to time (including Temporary Regulations).

Related Fund
means, with respect to any Person, any fund, account or investment vehicle that is controlled, managed or advised by (a) such Person,
(b) an Affiliate of such Person or (c) the same investment manager, advisor or subadvisor that controls, manages or advises
such Person or an Affiliate of such investment manager, advisor or subadvisor.

Related Person
means, with respect to any individual, any of such individuals parents, spouse, siblings, children and grandchildren.

Required Manager
Approval means the affirmative vote of 66-2/3% or more of the votes of all of the Managers present and entitled to vote at
a meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present; provided, that the votes of the CEO Manager shall be excluded for all purposes
of this calculation. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is a meeting of the Board and (a) five (5) Managers are present and
entitled to vote at such meeting, then Required Manager Approval shall require the affirmative vote of at least three (3) Managers
(excluding the CEO Manager), and (b) four (4) Managers (including the CEO Manager) are present and entitled to vote at such
meeting, then Required Manager Approval shall require the affirmative vote of at least two (2) Managers (excluding the CEO Manager).
The Required Manager Approval may also be provided by written consent if a consent or consents in writing is/are signed by the Managers
holding not less than the total number of votes that would be necessary to authorize the action by Required Manager Approval at a meeting
of the Board at which all Managers then in office were present and voted.

-11- 

Restricted List
means a schedule or list of disqualified transferees as determined by the Board, as such schedule or list may be amended, supplemented,
updated or modified from time to time by the Board. Any reference in this Agreement to the Restricted List as of any time of determination
shall mean the schedule or list referred to in the immediately preceding sentence that was most recently provided by the Company to the
Members that own or hold Class A Units, including by posting any such schedule or list to the website referred to in Section 17.2.

Restructuring Transactions
has the meaning given to such term in the Plan of Reorganization.

ROFO Transaction
means a Transfer of all or any portion of a Members Units to any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), other than a Transfer that constitutes an Excluded ROFO
Transfer.

Sale Transaction
means the sale, lease, transfer, issuance or other disposition, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) all
or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including by or through the issuance, sale, contribution,
transfer or other disposition (including by way of reorganization, merger, share or unit exchange, consolidation or other business combination)
of at least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Securities of any direct and/or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries
of the Company if substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries)
or (b) at least a majority of the then-issued and outstanding Class A Units (whether directly or indirectly or by way of any
merger, share or unit exchange, recapitalization, sale or contribution of equity, tender offer, reclassification, consolidation or other
business combination transaction or purchase of beneficial ownership) to (in either case of clause (a) or clause (b))
any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act,
or any successor provision).

Sanctions
means any economic, trade, or financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, restrictive measures or other similar measures enacted,
administered, imposed or enforced by any Sanctions Authority.

Sanctions Authority
means any relevant Governmental Authority in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union or its member States, or other
relevant jurisdiction, including but not limited to: the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), the
U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, and His Majestys Treasury.

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time of determination, any Person that is the target of Sanctions as of such time or owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by a Person that is the target of Sanctions as of such time.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

-12- 

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Significant Member
means, as of any time of determination, any Member that owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) five percent (5.0%) or more of the
issued and outstanding Class A Units as of such time.

Specified Financing
means any financing or refinancing of any indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is consummated
with any Existing Lender or any Affiliate of any Existing Lender (collectively, Participating Lenders) pursuant
to an opportunity that was made available to such Existing Lender on account of any class of indebtedness or debt securities held by
such Existing Lender; provided, that each Existing Lender that holds indebtedness or debt securities of such class, in its capacity
as such, has been offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share of the indebtedness or debt securities
on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection with the negotiation
of the terms of such financing or refinancing) as such Participating Lenders (it being understood that first-out loans and second-out
loans are different classes of loans).

Specified Members
means, as of any time of determination, Members that do not have a Designation Right as of such time. Any consent, approval, decision
(including any decision as to whether a Person, action or thing is acceptable), determination, designation, identification, direction,
specification, request, removal, instruction or other action to be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise taken
by the Specified Members pursuant to this Agreement at any time shall be provided, granted, given, made, performed, rendered or otherwise
taken by the Majority Specified Members; provided, however, that for purposes of designating the Independent Designee pursuant
to Section 6.2(b)(iii) or filling a vacancy on the Board resulting from the Independent Designee ceasing to serve as
a member of the Board (which vacancy shall be filled pursuant to Section 6.14), the Specified Members may act by either (a) the
vote of Specified Members holding a plurality of the votes of the Class A Units present in person or represented by proxy at a meeting
of Specified Members called for purposes of authorizing, approving or otherwise considering any such action, or (b) Majority Specified
Members acting by written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, a Person that does not own or hold Class A Units as of any time of
determination shall not constitute a Specified Member as of such time.

Subsidiary
means, as of any time of determination and with respect to any specified Person, any limited liability company, partnership, limited
partnership, joint venture, association, or other Entity (a) more than a majority of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Securities
of which is, as of such time, directly or indirectly owned by such Person, or (b) in which such Person, directly or indirectly,
owns more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the equity economic interest thereof.

Subsidiary Governing
Body means the board of directors, the board of managers or other governing body (including any committee of any such governing
body) of each Subsidiary of the Company.

-13- 

Super-Majority
Members means, as of any time of determination, Members that collectively own or hold at least sixty-six percent (66.0%) of
the issued and outstanding Class A Units as of such time.

Tag-Along Transaction
means any transaction or series of related transactions involving a Transfer (excluding any Excluded Tag-Along Transfer) by one or more
Members of Class A Units that represent, in the aggregate, forty percent (40.0%) or more of all of the Class A Units that
are issued and outstanding at the time of such transaction (or, in the case of a series of related transactions, at the time of the first
transaction in such series of related transactions) to any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision).

Transaction Support
Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the Plan of Reorganization.

Transfer
means any direct or indirect sale, transfer, gift, hypothecation, pledge, assignment, devise or other disposition of Units (including
(x) a disposition under judicial order, legal process, execution, attachment, foreclosure or enforcement of a Lien and (y) the
granting of any option or entering into any agreement for the future sale, transfer or other disposition of Units), whether voluntary
or involuntary, whether of record, constructively or beneficially, whether with or without consideration, and whether by operation of
law or otherwise, including by recapitalization, merger, consolidation, division, liquidation, dissolution, dividend, distribution or
otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transaction in which a Member lends, borrows or sells with an agreement to repurchase any
Units to or from brokers, banks, or other financial institutions for the purpose of effecting margin transactions, or pledges, hypothecates,
grants a security interest in, lien on or otherwise encumbers Units in connection with such Members or any of its Affiliates
financing arrangements, in any such case in the ordinary course of business of such Member, shall not constitute a Transfer of Units
for purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, that any foreclosure (including the retention of Units in satisfaction
of any obligations) on Units by any such broker, bank or other financial institution in accordance with such margin transactions and
financing arrangements shall be deemed a Transfer of Units for purposes of this Agreement. The terms Transferee,
Transferring, Transferor, Transferred, and other forms of the word Transfer
shall have the correlative meanings.

Transfer Agent
means any bank, trust company or other Person (including the Company or one of its Affiliates, or any officer of the Company) as shall
be appointed from time to time by the Company to act as registrar and transfer agent for the Units or any other Interests.

United States
or U.S. means the United States of America.

Voting Securities
means, with respect to any Person, the Equity Interests of such Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies,
entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person.

Additional Definitions.
The following terms have the meanings set forth in the Sections set forth below:

-14- 

Defined Term Location

Acceptance Notice 9.4(b)

Act Recitals

Additional Securities 9.6(a)

Affiliate Transaction 6.18

Agreement Preamble

Assistant Treasurers 7.10

Assistant Secretaries 7.10

BB Act 10.5(a)

Board 6.1(a)

BOI Reports 4.7(a)

CEO Manager 6.2(b)(v)

Certificate of Formation Recitals

Chief Executive Officer 7.4

Chief Financial Officer 7.5

Class A Units 5.1

Class B Units 5.1

Company Preamble

Company Representative 10.5(a)

Company Securities 21.3

Confidential Information 20.1

Confidentiality Period 20.1

control Definition of Affiliate

Controller 7.6

Conversion Units 9.1(a)(ii)

-15- 

Defined Term Location

Corporate Conversion 21.2

Counterparty 9.8

Counterparty Excluded Information 9.8

Damages 8.2(a)

Designation Notice 6.2(d)

Drag-Along Transaction 9.3(a)

Drag-Along Transaction Documents 9.3(b)(iv)

Drag Notice 9.3(a)

Dragged Members 9.3(a)

Effective Date Preamble

e-mail 19.5

Fiscal Year 10.1

flow-through entity 18.1(g)

Identified Person 8.5(a)

Indebtedness 5.8

Independent Designee 6.2(b)(iii)

Initial LLC Agreement Recitals

Initial Member Recitals

Initiating Holders 9.4(a)

Investment Documents 9.3(b)(v)

Meeting 6.20(a)

Member Preamble

Member Beneficial Ownership Information 4.7(b)

-16- 

Defined Term Location

Observer 6.20(a)

Observer Member 6.20(a)

Offered Units 9.7(a)

Offering Member 9.7(a)

Opportunity 8.5(a)

Other Entity 8.2(a)

Other Preemptive Members 9.6(d)

Participating Lenders Definition of Specified Financing

Preemptive Members 9.6(a)

Preemptive Rights Notice 9.6(a)

Principal Office 2.4

Pro Rata Portion 9.6(a)

Proceeding 8.2(a)

Proposed Terms 9.7(a)

Purchase Notice 9.7(b)

Register of Members 4.1

Registered Holder 21.3

Regulatory Allocations 12.3

Related Companies 8.5(c)

Reorganized Issuer 21.2

Representatives 20.2(a)(i)

Right of First Offer 9.7(b)

ROFO Member 9.7(a)

ROFO Notice 9.7(a)

-17- 

Defined Term Location

ROFO Period 9.7(b)

ROFO Portion 9.7(c)

Sale Notice 9.4(a)

Secretary 7.8

Selling Members 9.3(a)

Specified Insurance 8.7

Specified Preemptive Members 9.6(d)

Surviving Entity 9.3(b)(v)

Tag-Along Sellers 9.4(a)

Tag-Along Transaction Documents 9.4(c)

Taxing Authority 13.4

Third Party Purchaser 9.3(a)

Transfer Notice 9.1(c)

Treasurer 7.9

Unit Reclassification 5.2(a)

Units 5.1

Vice Presidents 7.7

1.2 Rules of
Construction. Unless otherwise expressly provided, for purposes of this Agreement, the following rules of interpretation shall
apply:

(a) All
references in this Agreement to Articles, Sections, clauses, Schedules and Exhibits shall be deemed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses,
Schedules and Exhibits to, or contained in, this Agreement.

(b) All
Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth
in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule or Exhibit but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined as set
forth in this Agreement.

-18- 

(c) The
words include, includes and including, when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be
followed by the words without limitation (regardless of whether such words or similar words actually appear).

(d) When
calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement,
the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded. If the last day of such period is not a Business Day,
the period in question shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

(e) Any
reference in this Agreement to Units being owned or held collectively by more than one Member and/or other Persons shall
not require that such Members and/or other Persons own or hold such Units jointly or otherwise require that all such Members and/or other
Persons have ownership interests in, or rights to, all such Units, but rather is intended to describe Units that are owned by all such
Members or other Persons in combination with one another.

(f) Any
reference in this Agreement to $ or dollars shall mean United States dollars.

(g) Any
reference in this Agreement to gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include the plural
and vice versa.

(h) The
words herein, hereinafter, hereof and hereunder refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not merely to a subdivision in which such words appear unless the context otherwise requires.

Article 2

GENERAL

2.1 Limited
Liability Company Agreement. The Members agree to continue the Company as a limited liability company under and pursuant to the provisions
of the Act, and agree that this Agreement (a) constitutes the limited liability company agreement of the Company within
the meaning of Section 18-101(9) of the Act, (b) shall be effective as of the Effective Date and (c) shall govern
the rights, duties and obligations of the Members and the Managers, except as otherwise expressly required by the Act.

2.2 Name.
The name of the Company shall be, and the business of the Company shall be conducted under the name of, [] or under
such other name or names as the Board may determine from time to time.

2.3 Term.
The term of the Company commenced on [], 2025 and shall continue perpetually until a certificate of cancellation with respect
to the Certificate of Formation shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and become effective, and the Company
is dissolved in accordance with Article 15.

-19- 

2.4 Business
Offices. The location of the principal place of business of the Company shall be [], or such other place as the Board may
from time to time determine (the Principal Office). The Company may have one or more offices at such place or places,
either within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Company may require.

2.5 Registered
Office and Agent. The Companys registered agent and registered office in the State of Delaware is Cogency Global, Inc.,
located at 850 New Burton Rd #201, Dover, Delaware, 19904. At any time and from time to time, the Board may change the Companys
registered agent and registered office in the State of Delaware.

2.6 Qualification
in Other Jurisdictions. The Board shall cause the Company to be qualified, formed or registered under assumed or fictitious name
statutes or similar laws in any jurisdiction in which the Company transacts business and in which such qualification, formation or registration
is required or as the Board determines to be desirable. Any officer or other authorized person of the Company, each as duly authorized
by the Board, shall execute, deliver and file any certificates (and any amendments and/or restatements thereof) necessary for the Company
to qualify to do business in a jurisdiction in which the Company may wish to conduct business.

2.7 No
State-Law Partnership. The Members intend that the Company not be a partnership (including a limited partnership) or joint venture,
and that no Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member by virtue of this Agreement (except for tax purposes as set forth
in the next sentence of this Section 2.7), and neither this Agreement nor any other document entered into by the Company
or any Member relating to the subject matter hereof shall be construed to suggest otherwise. The Members intend that, to the extent an
election described in the next sentence is not made, the Company shall be treated as a partnership (other than a publicly traded
partnership taxable as a corporation under Code Section 7704) for U.S. federal and, if applicable, state and local income
tax purposes, and that each Member and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall otherwise take all tax and financial reporting
positions in a manner consistent with such treatment, except as otherwise required by law. Without prior Required Manager Approval and
the prior approval or written consent of the Board and the Majority Members, the Company shall not make an election to be treated as
an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3
(or any successor regulation or provision) or, to the extent applicable, state or local income tax purposes.

Article 3

PURPOSE OF THE BUSINESS

The purpose and character
of the business of the Company shall be to undertake and carry on any lawful business, purpose or activity for which limited liability
companies may be formed under the Act, and engaging in any and all activities necessary, advisable, convenient or incidental thereto.

-20- 

Article 4

MEMBERS; MEETINGS

4.1 Members.
The name of each Member, its address, contact information, Capital Contributions, and class or series and number of Units shall be reflected
in a register held and maintained by the Transfer Agent (the Register of Members). The Company shall instruct and
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to amend and update the Register of Members from time to time to reflect
the change in any of the information contained therein (including the withdrawal of one or more Members, the admission of one or more
additional Members, additional Capital Contributions, forfeitures of Units, Transfers and the issuance of additional Units) only to the
extent that the actions resulting in such changes were taken pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
and, if applicable, any applicable Management Incentive Plan and Award Agreement, and that any consents of the Members to such actions
required hereunder, if any, were obtained. Any reference in this Agreement to the Register of Members shall be deemed to be a reference
to the Register of Members, as amended and updated from time to time. If the Transfer Agent is any Person other than the Company or one
if its Affiliates or officers, and such Transfer Agent will not include any particular information in the Register of Members, then the
Company shall maintain a register or other record to reflect such information and shall amend and update such register or other record
from time to time to reflect any change in any of the information contained therein to the same extent that the Register of Members would
be required to be amended and updated by the Transfer Agent pursuant to this Agreement if such information was set forth therein and
the Company served as the Transfer Agent, and any requirement or reference in this Agreement that such information shall be, or is, included
or set forth in the Register of Members shall instead be a reference to any such register or other record.

4.2 Substituted
Members and Additional Members.

(a) In
connection with a Transfer of Units that is permitted pursuant to, and is effected in compliance with, the applicable terms of this Agreement,
the Transferee of the Units subject to such Transfer shall become a substitute Member, effective on the date of such Transfer (which
effective date shall not be earlier than the date of compliance with or waiver of the conditions to such Transfer set forth herein),
entitled to all of the rights (excluding any rights of a Member that are not assignable or otherwise transferable pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement), and subject to all of the obligations and restrictions, of the transferor Member to the extent of the Units so Transferred.
Upon the substitution of a transferee Member, the Company shall instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer
Agent to amend and update the Register of Members to reflect the substitution of such transferee Member. Any duly substituted Member
shall be considered a Member for all purposes of this Agreement and the Act. Notwithstanding the requirement that substituted
Members execute a Joinder Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(c), this Agreement shall bind all holders of Units, regardless
of whether any such holder executes this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement and by acceptance of Units each holder agrees to be so bound.

-21- 

(b) Subject
to the provisions of this Agreement (including Section 9.6 hereof), the Board may, from time to time in its sole discretion
(and without the requirement of any consent or approval of any Member), admit additional Persons as Members and issue to such Persons
Units on such terms and conditions (including the Capital Contributions required, the series and class of Units to be issued, the number
of Units to be issued and, if applicable, the vesting schedule of such Units and any forfeiture provisions applicable thereto) as the
Board shall determine in its sole discretion. The admission of an additional Member to the Company, and the issuance to such Person by
the Company of Units in connection with such admission as a Member, shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:
(i) such additional Member shall have become a party to this Agreement by executing and delivering to the Company a Joinder Agreement
(duly completed) and such other written documentation as the Board may require in connection with such admission and issuance (including
an AI Questionnaire and an IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable), (ii) such issuance of Units shall
not require the Company to register any Units under the Exchange Act (as a result of the number of holders of Units or otherwise), unless,
at the time of such issuance, the Company is already subject to the reporting obligations under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, (iii) the compliance with all applicable laws and regulations (including securities laws) relating to such
admission and issuance, (iv) such issuance of Units shall not cause the Company to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation
or as a publicly traded partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (v) such issuance of Units shall not cause
the Company to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, (vi) such issuance
of Units shall not cause the underlying assets of the Company to be deemed plan assets as defined under and pursuant to
the Plan Asset Regulation or constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code, and (vii) such additional Member shall not be a Competitor or a Sanctioned Person. Upon the admission of a new Member,
the Company shall instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to amend and update the Register of Members
to reflect the addition of such new Member. Any duly admitted new Member shall be considered a Member for all purposes
of this Agreement and the Act. Notwithstanding the requirement that additional Members execute a Joinder Agreement, this Agreement shall
bind all holders of Units, regardless of whether any such holder executes this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement, and by acceptance of
Units each holder agrees to be so bound.

4.3 Member
Meetings.

(a) Meetings.
Meetings of the Members may be called for any purpose at any time by the Board or by Members who collectively own or hold at least twenty
percent (20.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (determined as of the time that such meeting is called). Anything in
this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no regular, special or other meetings of the Members are required to be held.

(b) Place
of Meetings. Member meetings may be held (i) at any place within or outside the State of Delaware designated by the Board or
the Members calling any such meeting, and/or (ii) if the Board or the Members calling any such meeting so determine, by means of
remote communication in accordance with Section 4.3(k). In the absence of any other designation by the Board or the Members
calling any such meeting, Member meetings shall be held at the Principal Office.

-22- 

(c) Notice
of Meetings. Not less than five (5) Business Days prior to any Member meeting, notice of the place, if any, the purpose and
the date and time of such meeting shall be delivered by the Secretary to each Member entitled to vote at such meeting in accordance with
Section 19.5. Presence of a Member (in person or by duly authorized proxy) at a meeting shall constitute waiver of notice
by such Member, except where a Member (in person or by duly authorized proxy) participates in the meeting for the express purpose of
objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened and does not at such meeting
vote for or assent to action taken at such meeting.

(d) Quorum.
The holders of more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the aggregate voting power of the then-issued and outstanding Units entitled to
vote on a matter to be presented at a Member meeting, either present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum with
respect to action on such matter, and action may be taken with respect to any matter presented at the meeting only if a quorum exists
with respect to such matter.

(e) Voting.
Every Member entitled to vote its Units on any matter to be presented at a Member meeting shall be entitled, with respect to such matter,
to one (1) vote for each such Unit held of record by such Member on the record date designated for such meeting. Whenever any action
is to be taken with respect to any matter by vote of the Members, such action shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of holders
of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the then-issued and outstanding Units entitled to vote on such matter, unless the express
provisions of this Agreement require a different vote (including any provision of this Agreement that requires any matter to be approved
by the Majority Members, the Specified Members or the Super-Majority Members), in which case such express provisions shall govern and
control.

(f) Adjournment.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if a quorum is not present at any Member meeting, such meeting may be adjourned
by announcement of the chairperson of the meeting or by affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of
the Units that are present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting and are entitled to vote on one or more matters to be presented
at such meeting. Notice of an adjournment need not be given to the Members if the time and place of the adjourned meeting are announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted
at the original meeting. However, if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days from the date of the original meeting, or
if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a new notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given in
accordance with Section 4.3(c) to each Member of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting.

(g) Record
Date. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the date on which notice of a Member meeting is first sent shall be the record date
for the determination of Members entitled to notice of or to vote at such meeting (including any adjournment thereof). The record date
for determining Members entitled to express consent to action in writing without a meeting shall be the first date on which a signed
written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Company.

-23- 

(h) Proxies.
Each Member may authorize another Person or Persons to act for him, her or it by proxy by an instrument executed in writing and delivered
to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5 before or at the time of the meeting or execution of a written consent, as
the case may be. Should a proxy designate two or more Persons to act as proxies, unless that instrument shall provide to the contrary,
a majority of such Persons present at any meeting at which their powers thereunder are to be exercised shall have and may exercise all
the powers of voting or giving consents thereby conferred, or if only one such Person is present, then such powers may be exercised by
that Person; or if an even number of such Persons attend and a majority do not agree on any particular issue, the Company shall not be
required to recognize such proxy with respect to such issue if such proxy does not specify how the Units that are the subject of such
proxy are to be voted with respect to such issue. The appointment of a proxy shall be effective for eleven (11) months from the
date of such appointment unless a different period is expressly specified in the appointment form. A proxy may only be voted or acted
upon by its holder in accordance with written instructions of the Member granting such proxy. Except as otherwise limited therein, proxies
shall entitle the individuals authorized to vote at a meeting thereby to vote at any adjournment or postponement of such meeting. A proxy
purporting to be executed by or on behalf of a Member shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to its exercise and the burden
of proving invalidity shall rest on the challenger. Subject to the above, any proxy may be revoked if an instrument revoking it or a
proxy bearing a later date is delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5.

(i) Conduct
of Member Meetings. The Chairperson or, in the Chairpersons absence, the Chief Executive Officer (or, in the Chief Executive
Officers absence, any Vice President) shall call meetings of the Members to order and act as chairperson of such meetings. In
the absence of said officers, any Member entitled to vote at the meeting, or any proxy of any such Member, may call the meeting to order
and a chairperson shall be elected by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the Units present in person
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on any matter to be presented at such meeting. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary
or any person appointed as secretary of a meeting of the Members by the chairperson at any meeting of the Members may act as secretary
of such meeting. The chairperson of any Member meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedure at such meeting, including
such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion.

-24- 

(j) Action
by Written Consent. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any action required or permitted by applicable
law to be taken at any Member meeting may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents
in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the Members that own or hold Units representing not less than the minimum
voting power that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all the Members entitled to vote thereon
were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5. An action by written consent
of the Members shall become effective as of the time the last written consent necessary to effect the contemplated action is received
by the Company, unless all consents necessary to effect the contemplated action specify a later time, in which case the later time shall
be the effective time of such action. Prompt notice (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the written
consent by the Company) of the taking of Member action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given by the
Company to those Members who have not consented in writing and were entitled to vote on the matters that were the subject of such action.
Without limiting the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement that requires any matter to be approved by, or permits any action to
be taken by, any of the Majority Members, the Specified Members or the Super-Majority Members may be approved or taken by such applicable
Members by written consent.

(k) Meetings
by Remote Communication. One or more, or all, Members may participate in any meeting of the Members through the use of any means
of remote communication by which all Persons participating can hear each other at the same time. Any Member participating in a meeting
by any such means of remote communication is deemed to be present in person at such meeting, except as set forth in Section 4.3(c).

4.4 Authority
of the Members.

(a) Notwithstanding
Section 18-402 of the Act, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Board or this Agreement (including Article 7
hereof), no Member, nor any officer, employee or agent of any Member, as such, shall have the authority or power to manage the Company
or to act for the Company for any purpose, or to engage in any transaction, make any commitment, enter into any contract or incur any
obligation or responsibility (whether as principal, surety or agent) on behalf of, or in the name of, the Company, or bind the Company,
or hold itself out to any third party as acting for or on behalf of the Company, all such powers being vested in the Board. To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, any attempted action in contravention of this Section 4.4 shall be null and void ab
initio and not binding upon the Company. The Company shall not be responsible or liable for any indebtedness or obligation (including
any legal and other professional fees or disbursements) of any Member incurred or arising either before or after the Effective Date,
except as provided in Article 8.

(b) Except
(i) for the Company Representative acting, subject to the terms hereof, in its capacity as such, (ii) pursuant to a duly authorized
proxy in accordance with Section 4.3(h), and (iii) as set forth in Section 9.3, no Member shall have any
authority to bind, to act for, to execute any document or instrument on behalf of or to assume any obligation or responsibility on behalf
of, any other Member. No Member shall, by virtue of being a Member, be responsible or liable for any indebtedness or obligation of any
other Member incurred or arising either before, on or after the Effective Date.

-25- 

4.5 Limitation
on Liability. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising
under contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, and no Covered Person shall
be obligated personally for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of being a Covered Person. The immediately
preceding sentence shall constitute a compromise to which all the Members have consented within the meaning of the Act. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, the failure of the Company to observe any formalities or requirements relating to the exercise
of its powers or management of its business and affairs under this Agreement or the Act shall not be grounds for imposing personal liability
on a Covered Person.

4.6 AI
Questionnaire. If any Member that is an Accredited Investor on the date on which such Member became a party to this Agreement shall
thereafter cease to be an Accredited Investor, then such Member shall promptly (but in any event no later than ten (10) Business
Days after the date on which such Member ceased to be an Accredited Investor) inform the Company in writing of such fact. In addition,
the Company shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to request that any Member complete, execute and deliver to the
Company an AI Questionnaire. The Company shall make any such request in writing delivered to the applicable Member in accordance with
Section 19.5. If any Member receives any such request, then such Member shall promptly (but in any event no later than ten
(10) Business Days after the date on which such Member receives such written request) complete, execute and deliver to the Company
an AI Questionnaire. Nothing in this Section 4.6 shall amend, alter or otherwise modify the restriction against Transferring
Units to any Person that is not an Accredited Investor pursuant to Section 9.1(a)(vii).

4.7 Beneficial
Ownership Reporting. The Members agree to cooperate in a commercially reasonable manner in connection with the compliance by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with all applicable BOI Laws, including making any adjustments and/or amendments to this Section 4.7
that may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in consideration of additional guidance issued by FinCEN or any other Governmental
Authority in respect of the implementation of BOI Laws. Without limitation of the preceding sentence.

(a) The
Board shall make or cause to be made any beneficial ownership or related filings or reports (BOI Reports) required
pursuant to any BOI Laws for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board shall be entitled to rely on the Member Beneficial Ownership
Information provided by the Member(s) pursuant to clause (b) (if any). Each Member shall be entitled to review the portion
of the BOI Report (or a summary thereof) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that relates to such Member upon reasonable request
made at least fifteen (15) days before such BOI Report is due; provided, that a Members entitlement to review the portion
of the BOI Report relating to such Member will be limited if such review would result in a delay in the filing of the BOI Report beyond
its due date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board shall make the final determination regarding the reporting requirements applicable
to the Company and its Subsidiaries under BOI Laws, including the applicability of reporting under the BOI Laws to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, the application of an exemption from such reporting for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the timing for filing a
BOI Report, the contents of a BOI Report, and the need to update any BOI Report.

-26- 

(b) Each
Member shall be responsible for (i) initially determining whether there are any reportable beneficial owners under
any applicable BOI Laws in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of such Members direct or indirect ownership
and/or control of the Company or any such Subsidiary, (ii) providing FinCEN identifiers and such other identifying
information as shall be required to comply with any applicable BOI Laws (the Member Beneficial Ownership Information)
in respect of any such beneficial owners to the Company and the Board as is needed to enable the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
timely comply with its disclosure obligations under any applicable BOI Laws, and (iii) promptly responding to any information and
other requests by the Company or the Board in connection with the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries compliance with all
applicable BOI Laws, including the Boards independent assessment to identify reportable beneficial owners under applicable BOI
Laws. Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that (x) within a reasonable time after a request by the Company, but
no later than five (5) Business Days after the Company makes such request, it will provide the Company and the Board with all of
such Members applicable Member Beneficial Ownership Information; provided, that if the Company requires a response within
five (5) Business Days of such request, then the Company will provide notice to such Member in such request and such Member will
use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the requested Member Beneficial Ownership Information within the timeframe set forth in
such request, (y) it will notify the Company and the Board promptly of any updates to or changes to any of its Member Beneficial
Ownership Information that would reasonably be expected to require an updated BOI Report in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
under any applicable BOI Laws, and (z) it will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any filings or profiles associated with any
Member Beneficial Ownership Information that it has provided in connection with the application for a FinCEN identifier
will be kept current as and to the extent required by any applicable BOI Laws. Each Member authorizes the disclosure by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries of its Member Beneficial Ownership Information provided pursuant to this clause (b) to the extent
necessary to comply with any applicable BOI Laws.

(c) To
the extent legally permissible and reasonably practicable, the Members shall keep the Company promptly informed of each notice or other
communication received from FinCEN or any other Governmental Authority concerning any BOI Reports relating to the Company and/or any
of its Subsidiaries, and shall consult in a reasonable manner with the Company prior to communicating with FinCEN or any other Governmental
Authority concerning any BOI Reports or compliance with any applicable BOI Laws by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d) Each
Member agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its Subsidiaries, the Board and the other Members
from and against any and all liability, damage, cost or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by them that directly
results from any default by such Member in its representations, warranties and agreements under this Section 4.7.

-27- 

Article 5

CAPITAL STRUCTURE

5.1 Units.
All of the Interests shall be issued in unit increments (each, a Unit and, collectively, the Units).
The Units shall initially be divided into the following classes: (a) Class A Voting Common Units (the Class A
Units) and (b) Class B Limited-Voting Common Units (the Class B Units). The rights and
privileges associated with the Units are as set forth in this Agreement and, in the case of the Class B Units, in any applicable
Management Incentive Plan and Award Agreement. References herein to any class or series of Units shall apply to limited liability company
interests or other Equity Interests of the Company issued to Members in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution of, such class
or series of Units by reason of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, spin-off, partial or complete
liquidation, split-up, sale of assets, distribution to unitholders or combination of such class or series of Units or any other change
in the Companys capital structure (including shares or interests of a surviving corporation or other Entity or successor into
which units or interests of the Company are exchanged).

5.2 Issuance
of Units.

(a) Effective
as of the Effective Date, each of the Common Units (as defined in the Initial LLC Agreement) that were transferred and
delivered by the Initial Member to the recipients thereof as set forth in the Plan of Reorganization, are hereby reclassified as one
(1) Class A Unit (the Unit Reclassification) such that, effective as of the Effective Date immediately
following the Unit Reclassification, there are [] Class A Units issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free and clear of any Liens, other than Permitted Liens and Liens created by the
applicable Member. Except for the [] Class A Units referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, no other Units or Interests,
or options, warrants or other securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Units or Interests shall be issued
or outstanding on, or immediately after, the Effective Date after giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions
to occur on or as of the Effective Date and the consummation of the Unit Reclassification.

(b) Subject
to compliance with its obligations under Section 9.6 hereof (to the extent applicable), the Board may from time to time cause
the Company to authorize, create and/or issue additional Units (of existing or new classes or series) or other equity or equity-based
securities of the Company (including creating additional classes or series thereof having such ranking, powers, designations, preferences,
rights and obligations as may be determined by the Board in its sole discretion, including ranking, powers, preferences, rights and obligations
different from, senior or junior to or more or less favorable than existing classes or series of Units or other equity or equity-based
securities of the Company). Such Units or other equity or equity-based securities may be issued for any amount and form of consideration
as the Board may determine, including cash or other property, tangible or intangible, received or to be received by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. In connection with the foregoing,
the Board shall have the power to make such amendments or modifications to this Agreement (including any amendment and restatement of
this Agreement) in order to provide for such additional Units or equity or equity-based securities (including any Class B Units),
and such ranking, powers, designations, preferences, rights and obligations as the Board in its discretion deems necessary or appropriate
to give effect to such authorization, creation and/or issuance (including amending this Agreement to incorporate the terms of such class
or series of Units or other equity or equity-based securities of the Company, including economic and governance rights which may be different
from, senior or junior to or more or less favorable than the other existing classes or series of Units or other equity or equity-based
securities of the Company), all without further vote or action of the Members; provided, however, that if any such amendments
or modifications would otherwise require any vote or consent pursuant to any of clauses (i)-(x) of Section 16.1(a) (other
than immaterial amendments or modifications), then such vote or consent shall be obtained as a condition to any such amendment or modification.

-28- 

(c) The
Class B Units may be issued from time to time by the Company pursuant to grants to Management Holders under the terms of any Management
Incentive Plan; provided, that no Units other than Class B Units can be designated as incentives under any Management Incentive
Plan. In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement that are applicable to the Class B Units, the Class B
Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in any applicable Management Incentive Plan and/or Award Agreement,
including any terms relating to vesting and forfeiture, repurchase or redemption rights of the Company and restrictions on Transfer.
The Members and the Company agree that in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of any Management Incentive Plan
or any Award Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control; provided, however, that any Management
Incentive Plan or any Award Agreement may impose greater restrictions on, and/or grant lesser rights to, the Class B Units and the
holders thereof than the restrictions and rights set forth in this Agreement. Class B Units may be treated as profits interests
provided (i) such Class B Units have a Hurdle Amount which shall not be less than the amount that would be distributed to the
Members pursuant to Section 15.2(b) in a hypothetical liquidation of the Company if the Company were to sell all of
its assets for their Fair Market Value on the date of grant and distribute all of the proceeds from such sale in accordance with Section 15.2,
and (ii) such Class B Units are issued to employees and service providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d) Each
Member hereby acknowledges that (i) certain of the Class B Units may be issued in the form of profits interests granted in
connection with services rendered or to be rendered by the recipients thereof, (ii) the holder of any such Class B Units shall
file an election under Code Section 83(b) with respect to such profits interests and provide a copy of such election to the
Company, (iii) the Company may be required to adjust the Capital Account of Members and/or make special allocations of Profits and
Losses (and related tax items) to appropriately account for the issuance of such profits interests, and (iv) the Company may be
required to make special forfeiture allocations of gross items of deduction or loss (including, as may be permitted by or under Treasury
Regulations to be adopted, notional items of income, gain, deduction or loss) in accordance with the Treasury Regulations to be adopted
under Code Sections 704(b) and 83 or as determined by the Board to account for forfeitures, repurchases or redemptions of Class B
Units that have not vested. The Company is authorized and directed to elect the liquidation valuation safe harbor as may be permitted
pursuant to or in accordance with any finally promulgated successor rules to proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.83-3(l) (and
any successor provision) and IRS Notice 2005-43, and the Company and each of the Members (including any person to whom an interest in
the Company is transferred in connection with the performance of services) agree to comply with all requirements of such safe harbor
with respect to all Units in the Company transferred in connection with the performance of services while such election remains effective.

-29- 

(e) Upon
the issuance of any Class B Units issued in the form of profits interests, the Board shall specify the Hurdle Amount applicable
to such Units. Upon the issuance of any Class B Units issued in the form of profits interests, the Company and the Members will
(i) treat such Class B Units as outstanding for tax purposes, (ii) treat each holder of such Class B Units as a partner
of the Company for tax purposes with respect to such Class B Units, (iii) file all tax returns and reports consistently with
the foregoing, and neither the Company nor any of the Members will deduct any amount (as wages, compensation or otherwise) for the fair
market value of such Class B Units for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iv) treat such Class B Units as profits
interests under Revenue Procedure 93-27, I.R.B. 1993-24 (June 9, 1993) and Revenue Procedure 2001-43, I.R.B. 2001-34
(August 2, 2001), and the provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith. The initial Capital
Account of each Member in respect of Class B Units owned or held by such Member that are intended to be profits interests
shall be equal to zero. Each Member that owns or holds Class B Units agrees to take into account its distributive share of all items
of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit associated with such Class B Units in computing its U.S. federal income tax liability
for the entire period during which it holds the Class B Units as if such Class B Units were fully vested.

5.3 Certificated
Units. If the Board so elects, the Units shall be certificated in such form as the Board may from time to time determine. Such certificates
shall be signed by any two (2) authorized officers of the Company, and may, but need not, be sealed with the seal of the Company.
Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be by facsimile or electronic signature. In case any officer of the Company who shall
have signed, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall have been placed on, any certificate evidencing Units shall cease for any
reason to be such officer before such certificate shall have been issued or delivered by the Company, such certificate may nevertheless
be issued and delivered by the Company as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall
have been placed thereon, had not ceased to be such officer of the Company.

5.4 Voting
Rights.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided by non-waivable provisions of applicable law or this Agreement, the holders of Class A Units (in their capacity
as such) shall have full voting rights and powers to vote on all matters submitted to the Members for vote, consent or approval (including
the matters listed on Schedule A attached hereto), and each holder of Class A Units shall be entitled to one (1) vote
for each Class A Unit held of record by such holder on any matter submitted to the Members for approval.

(b) Except
as provided in Section 15.1(a), or as otherwise provided by non-waivable provisions of applicable law, the holders of Class B
Units (in their capacity as such) shall have no right to vote on any matter submitted to the Members for vote, consent or approval, and
the Class B Units shall not be included in determining the number of Units voting or entitled to vote on such matters (including
for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at any meeting of the Members or whether the requisite number of Member consents
have been received for purposes of determining whether an action has been properly authorized by written consent of the Members).

-30- 

(c) Except
as this Agreement expressly provides otherwise or as otherwise expressly provided by non-waivable provisions of applicable law, no holders
of Units shall be entitled to any voting rights, and any action which would otherwise be subject to the vote or consent of Members under
the Act may be taken by the Company by approval of the Board.

5.5 Record.
The Company shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, a record of the name of each Person holding Units, the class
or series and number of Units held by each such Person, any Transfer thereof and, in case any Unit is represented by a certificate and
such certificate is cancelled, the date of cancellation thereof. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Register of Members shall
serve as such record. The Person in whose name Units are registered on the Register of Members or such other record as determined by
the Board shall be deemed the owner thereof, and thus a holder of record of such Units, for all purposes as regards the Company.

5.6 No
Appraisal Rights. The Members agree that no appraisal rights, dissenters rights or other similar rights shall be available
with respect to the Units, and waive all such rights in connection with any amendment of this Agreement or the Certificate of Formation,
any merger or consolidation in which the Company is a constituent party, any conversion of the Company to another business form, any
division of the Company into two or more other Entities, any transfer to or domestication in any jurisdiction by the Company, the sale
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets or otherwise.

5.7 Lost,
Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company (an affidavit of the registered
holder in customary form will be satisfactory) of the ownership and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any certificate evidencing
Units, and in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction upon receipt of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Company, or, in
the case of any such mutilation upon surrender of such certificate, the Company will (at its expense) execute and deliver in lieu of
such certificate a new certificate of like kind representing the number of Units represented by such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated
certificate and dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated certificate.

-31- 

5.8 Creditor
Relationships. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding (including Section 6.18), the Company and each
of the Members hereby agree and acknowledge that certain Members and/or their Affiliates are also holders of indebtedness and debt securities
of, and guarantees thereof by, the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, Indebtedness), and in such capacity
may have interests that are divergent from the Company, its Subsidiaries and/or the other Members, and that under no circumstances will
any such Member or any such Affiliate be prohibited from taking any action or enforcing any right entitled to it under the terms of the
documentation relating to or governing the Indebtedness held by such Member or such Affiliate or to which it is entitled under law. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, no holder of Indebtedness shall be liable to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the other Members
for breach of this Agreement or any fiduciary duty by reason of any such activities of such holder, including exercising any rights of
such holder under documentation relating to or governing such Indebtedness or to which such holder may be entitled under law, and the
Company and each Member hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights to claim any such actions are a breach of this Agreement or the fiduciary
duties (if any) of such holder. In addition, any holder of Indebtedness, in exercising its rights as a lender or creditor of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, including making its decision on whether to foreclose on any collateral security, will have no duty to consider
(a) its status or the status of any of its Affiliates as a Member, (b) the interests of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of the Members, or (c) any duty it may have to any other Member, except as may be required under the applicable financing
documents relating to such Indebtedness.

Article 6

MANAGEMENT; OPERATION OF THE COMPANY BUSINESS

6.1 Management
of the Company.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by the board of managers of the
Company (the Board), which shall direct, manage and control the business of the Company. Except where the approval
of the Members (including the Majority Members, the Specified Members or the Super-Majority Members) is expressly required by this Agreement
or by non-waivable provisions of applicable law, the Board shall have full and complete authority, power and discretion to manage and
control the business, affairs and properties of the Company, to make all decisions regarding those matters and to perform any and all
other acts or activities customary or incident to the management of the Companys business. The enumeration of powers in this Agreement
shall not limit the general or implied powers of the Board or any additional powers provided by applicable law. Each Manager shall possess
and may enjoy and exercise all of the rights and powers of a manager as provided in the Act, and each Manager shall be
a manager as provided in the Act; provided, however, that (i) no individual Manager shall have the authority
to act for or bind the Company without the requisite consent of the Board and (ii) each Manager will be subject only to the obligations,
limitations and duties expressly set forth in this Agreement. Except (x) for the Company Representative acting, subject to the terms
hereof, in its capacity as such (if the Company Representative is a Member), or (y) pursuant to a duly authorized delegation of
authority by the Board, no Member shall have any right, power or authority to act (as agent or otherwise) for, or to bind, the Company
in any manner.

(b) Except
as expressly provided for in this Agreement or expressly required by non-waivable provisions of applicable law, the Members shall not
have voting rights with respect to the management of the Company and shall not be entitled to vote on or consent to or approve or disapprove
actions or decisions regarding the Company.

-32- 

6.2 Board.

(a) The
Board shall consist of five (5) Managers. Managers must be natural persons at least eighteen (18) years of age but need not
be Members, residents of the State of Delaware or citizens of the United States.

(b) The
Board shall be comprised of the following individuals:

(i) (A) for
so long as the Golub Members collectively own or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0%)
of the number of Class A Units owned or held by the Golub Members on or as of the Effective Date (immediately after giving effect
to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective Date, including all payments and distributions
to be made on or as of the Effective Date) (subject to adjustment for splits, combinations, subdivisions, reclassifications and other
events having a similar effect on the Class A Units), two (2) Managers designated by the Golub Members, and (B) for so
long as the Golub Members collectively own or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal to or greater than thirty percent (30.0%)
of the number of Class A Units owned or held by the Golub Members on or as of the Effective Date (immediately after giving effect
to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective Date, including all payments and distributions
to be made on or as of the Effective Date) (subject to adjustment for splits, combinations, subdivisions, reclassifications and other
events having a similar effect on the Class A Units), but less than fifty percent (50.0%) of the number of Class A Units owned
or held by the Golub Members on or as of the Effective Date (immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the Restructuring
Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective Date, including all payments and distributions to be made on or as of the Effective Date)
(subject to adjustment for splits, combinations, subdivisions, reclassifications and other events having a similar effect on the Class A
Units), one (1) Manager designated by the Golub Members;

(ii) for
so long as the LCM Members collectively own or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0%)
of the number of Class A Units owned or held by the LCM Members on or as of the Effective Date (immediately after giving effect
to the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions to occur on or as of the Effective Date, including all payments and distributions
to be made on or as of the Effective Date) (subject to adjustment for splits, combinations, subdivisions, reclassifications and other
events having a similar effect on the Class A Units), one (1) Manager designated by the LCM Members;

(iii) one
(1) Independent Manager designated by the Specified Members (the Independent Designee); and

(iv) one
(1) Manager who shall be the individual serving as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO Manager).

-33- 

(c) If
at any time the Designation Right of any Designating Group terminates or is reduced (including any termination or reduction caused by
the Persons included within the definition of such Designating Group ceasing to own or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal
to or greater than any applicable percentage of (x) the number of Class A Units owned or held by such Designating Group on
or as of the Effective Date as set forth in Section 6.2(b)(i) or Section 6.2(b)(ii), as applicable, or (y) the
number of Class A Units issued and outstanding as set forth in Section 6.2(e), as applicable), then the applicable number
of Holder Managers previously designated by such Designating Group pursuant to such Designation Right (if any) shall be automatically
removed from the Board at the request of the Majority Members delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5, without
a need for any other action on the part of or notice to any Member or other Person, and the vacancy on the Board created by such removal
shall be filled by vote of Members holding a plurality of the votes of the Class A Units present in person or represented by proxy
at a meeting of Members held for purposes of filling any such vacancy (or by the Majority Members acting by written consent). The termination
or reduction of any Designating Groups Designation Right shall not adversely affect the Designation Right of any other Designating
Group. Any reduction or termination of any Designating Groups Designation Right shall be permanent upon the occurrence of any
such reduction or termination and shall not be reversed if the Persons included within the definition of such Designating Group shall
thereafter own or hold Class A Units that are equal to or greater than any applicable percentage of (A) the number of Class A
Units owned or held by such Designating Group on or as of the Effective Date as set forth in Section 6.2(b)(i) or Section 6.2(b)(ii),
as applicable, or (B) the number of Class A Units issued and outstanding as set forth in Section 6.2(e), as applicable.
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if Additional Securities are issued or sold pursuant to Section 9.6(d),
then the determination as to whether a Designating Groups Designation Right is reduced or terminated shall not be made until after
the consummation of the issuance or sale of Additional Securities to Other Preemptive Members pursuant to Section 9.6(d),
if any. The right of the Specified Members set forth in Section 6.2(b)(iii) shall not be subject to termination or reduction.

For purposes of
this Section 6.2(c), if at any time the Designation Right of a Designating Group is reduced to one (1) Holder Manager
and two (2) Holder Managers designated by such Designating Group sit on the Board at the time of such reduction, and if the Majority
Members request that one (1) such Holder Manager be removed from the Board as a result of such reduction, then the Holder Manager
that should be removed from the Board pursuant to this Section 6.2(c) shall be the applicable Holder Manager specified
by such Designating Group in writing to the Company or, if such Designating Group shall not so specify at or prior to the time of such
request from the Majority Members, the applicable Holder Manager whose last name appears first in alphabetical sequence between both
such applicable Holder Managers.

-34- 

(d) With
respect to (i) any designation of a Manager by a Designating Group pursuant to the Designation Right of such Designating Group (including
any such designation made following the removal of a Manager made by such Designating Group pursuant to Section 6.12), (ii) any
identification by a Designating Group of a Holder Manager to be removed pursuant to Section 6.2(c) (as contemplated
by the second paragraph of Section 6.2(c)) or (iii) any removal of a Manager from the Board that was previously designated
by a Designating Group pursuant to the Designation Right of such Designating Group which removal is made by such Designating Group pursuant
to Section 6.12, the applicable Designating Group shall execute and deliver to the Company a written notice (a Designation
Notice) and such Designation Notice shall (A)(1) identify the individual that such Designating Group is designating or
(2) specify the identity of the Manager to be removed from the Board, (B) certify to the Company that the Person(s) executing
and delivering such Designation Notice own(s) or hold(s) a majority of the Class A Units owned or held by all of the Persons
included within such Designating Group, and (C) include such additional information such that the Company can reasonably conclude
that the certification in clause (B) is accurate (including the names of each Member included in such Designating Group
and the number of Class A Units owned or held by each such Member). The Company shall confirm, based on the information set forth
in the Register of Members that the Person(s) executing and delivering such Designation Notice own(s) or hold(s) a majority
of the Class A Units owned or held by all of the Persons included within the applicable Designating Group. If the Company confirms
that a Designation Notice has been executed and delivered by the Person(s) that own(s) or hold(s) a majority of the Class A
Units owned or held by all of the Persons included within the applicable Designating Group, then the designation and/or removal specified
in such Designation Notice shall be automatically effective, without a need for any action on the part of or notice to any Member or
other Person, and the Company shall deliver notice thereof to the Members. If the Company confirms that a Designation Notice has not
been executed and delivered by the Person(s) that own(s) or hold(s) a majority of the Class A Units owned or held
by all of the Persons included within the applicable Designating Group, then such Designation Notice shall be deemed void and invalid.

(e) The
Designation Right of a Designating Group shall not be assignable, except for an assignment of such Designation Right to any Person or
group of Persons that are Affiliates of one another that (i) acquires at least fifty percent (50.0%) of such Designating Groups
then-owned or held Class A Units in connection with such assignment of such Designation Right and (ii) owns or holds, individually
or together with its Affiliates, immediately after giving effect to such acquisition of Class A Units, at least ten percent (10.0%)
of the issued and outstanding Class A Units as of such time. A Designating Group that is assigned a Designation Right pursuant to
this Section 6.2(e) shall continue to have such Designation Right (unless otherwise assigned as set forth in this Section 6.2(e))
for so long as such Designating Group owns or holds at least ten percent (10.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units from
time to time. For purposes of this Section 6.2(e), the Designation Right of the Golub Members shall include the rights of
the Golub Members under Section 6.2(f) and the proviso in the first sentence of Section 6.8, and, if such
rights are assigned to any permitted Person or group of Persons (as hereinabove provided), then the terms and provisions of Section 6.2(f),
the proviso in the first sentence of Section 6.8, Section 16.1(a)(v) (as Section 16.1(a)(v) applies
to the proviso in the first sentence of Section 6.8) and this sentence shall thereafter be applied by substituting the name
of such Person or group of Persons in lieu of the Golub Members.

-35- 

(f) The
Chairperson, if any, shall be one of the Managers, as determined by the Golub Members; provided, however, that if the Golub
Members are not permitted to designate two (2) Managers pursuant to their Designation Right, then the Chairperson shall be appointed,
removed and/or replaced from time to time by the Board.

(g) None
of the Members, and no officer, director, manager, stockholder, partner, member, employee or agent of any Member, makes any representation
or warranty as to the fitness or competence of the designee of any party hereunder to serve as a member on the Board (or any committee
thereof) or any Subsidiary Governing Body by virtue of being a party to this Agreement.

(h) Each
Manager shall execute and deliver a confidentiality agreement that is acceptable to the Board (which may be in the form of an acknowledgment
by a Manager that he or she is bound by and subject to the obligations of confidentiality and disclosure set forth in Article 20
of this Agreement as if such obligations applied to such Manager).

6.3 Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held at such time or times as may be determined by the Board and specified in the
notice of such meetings.

6.4 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board may be called from time to time by (a) the Chairperson or (b) any two (2) Managers.

6.5 Place
of Meetings. Any meeting of the Board may be held at such place or places as shall from time to time be determined by the Board and
as shall be designated in the notice of the meeting. If no other place is designated in the notice of the meeting, such meeting shall
be held at the Principal Office.

6.6 Notice
of Meetings. Notwithstanding Section 19.5, notice of each meeting of the Board, whether regular or special, shall be
given to each Manager (unless such notice is waived by such Manager as provided in Section 6.10) (a) if such notice
is sent by overnight delivery, at least two (2) Business Days prior to such meeting or, (b) if such notice is sent by electronic
mail, at least one (1) day prior to such meeting; provided, however, if a special meeting of the Board is being called
due to exigent circumstances, as reasonably determined by the Chairperson or the Managers calling such meeting, then notice of such meeting
may be provided to each Manager (unless such notice is waived by such Manager as provided in Section 6.10) by electronic
mail at least twelve (12) hours prior to such meeting. Any such notice shall be sent to each Manager at such Managers usual
or last known business or residence address or electronic mail address, as applicable. The notice shall state the date, time and location
(if such location is not the Principal Office) of the meeting, but need not state the purposes of such meeting.

6.7 Meetings
by Remote Communication. One or more, or all, members of the Board or any committee designated by the Board may participate in a
meeting of the Board or such committee through the use of any means of remote communication by which all persons participating can hear
each other at the same time or by any other means permitted by the Act. Any Manager or committee member participating in a meeting by
any such means of remote communication or by any such other means permitted by the Act is deemed to be present in person at such meeting,
except as set forth in Section 6.10.

-36- 

6.8 Quorum;
Acts of Managers. A quorum for any meeting of the Board will require the attendance of Managers with a majority of the votes of all
Managers then in office; provided, however, that for so long as the Golub Members have the right to designate two (2) Managers
pursuant to their Designation Right, a quorum for any meeting of the Board will require the attendance of at least one (1) Manager
designated by the Golub Members pursuant to their Designation Right. The vote of a majority of the votes of all of the Managers present
and entitled to vote at a meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, unless the express provisions
of this Agreement (including Sections 6.18 and 6.19) or applicable non-waivable law require a different vote, in which
case such express provisions shall govern and control. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board, a majority of the votes
of the Managers present and entitled to vote may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, other than announcement
at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. Each Manager shall have one (1) vote on all matters submitted to the Board for
the vote, consent or approval of the Board (other than matters for which such Manager is not entitled to vote, as expressly set forth
in this Agreement). Decisions of the Board shall be decisions of the manager for all purposes of the Act.

6.9 Organization,
Agenda and Procedures. The Chairperson, if any, shall preside over the meetings of the Board; provided, however, if
there shall not be a Chairperson or if the Chairperson shall not be present at a meeting of the Board or shall refuse to preside over
a meeting of the Board, then the Managers with a majority of the votes of all Managers that are present at such meeting shall choose
a chairperson to preside over such meeting. The Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, or any other person appointed as secretary of a meeting
of the Board by the Chairperson or any such other chairperson of such meeting shall act as secretary of each meeting of the Board. The
agenda of and procedure for such meetings shall be as determined by the Board.

6.10 Waiver
of Notice. A Manager may waive any notice of a meeting of the Board, whether before or after the date or time stated in the notice
as the date or time when any action will occur or has occurred. Any such waiver shall be in writing, be signed by the Manager entitled
to the notice, and be delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5, but such delivery shall not be a condition
of the effectiveness of the waiver. Attendance or participation by a Manager at a meeting of the Board, (a) shall be deemed a waiver
of objection to lack of required notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the Manager, at the beginning of the meeting or promptly
upon his or her later arrival, expressly objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting because of lack of notice
or defective notice, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting, and (b) shall be deemed a waiver
of objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting, unless the Manager expressly objects to considering the matter when
it is presented and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting with respect to such matter.

6.11 Managers
Action By Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote if the lesser of the following consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed
with the minutes of proceedings of the Board: (a) four (4) members of the Board and (b) all members then-serving on the
Board; provided, that Required Manager Approval may be provided by written consent in accordance with the definition of Required
Manager Approval. Unless the Managers specify a different effective time in such written consent, a written consent of the Board,
with respect to an action of the Board, shall become effective when the written consent to such action has been signed (and not revoked)
by all requisite Managers and delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5, unless before such time the Company
has received a written revocation of the consent of any requisite Manager.

-37- 

6.12 Removal.
Except for the removal of a Holder Manager at the request of the Majority Members on account of the reduction or termination of a Designation
Right (which removal shall be automatic at the time request is delivered by the Majority Members to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5
and governed by Section 6.2(c)), the Designating Group holding a Designation Right shall have the exclusive right to
remove, whether with or without cause, any Holder Manager designated by such Designating Group pursuant to such Designation Right (but
not any other Manager). The Specified Members shall have the exclusive right to remove, whether with or without cause, the Independent
Designee (but not any other Manager). Any Manager that is not designated pursuant to a Designation Right (other than the CEO Manager
and the Independent Designee) may be removed, with or without cause, by the Majority Members at the time of such removal. If for any
reason the individual serving as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company shall cease to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, then such individual shall be automatically removed as the CEO Manager.

6.13 Resignation.
Any Manager may resign at any time by giving written notice of such Managers resignation to the Company in accordance with Section 19.5.
Such resignation shall take effect on the date of delivery of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation by the Company shall not be necessary to make it effective.

6.14 Vacancies.
Any vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation or removal of a Holder Manager (excluding a resignation or removal of a Holder
Manager on account of the reduction or termination of a Designation Right), or resulting from a Holder Manager becoming unable to serve
as a result of death, disability or otherwise, shall be filled by the Designating Group that holds the Designation Right pursuant to
which such Holder Manager was designated to be a Manager. Any vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation or removal of the Independent
Designee, or resulting from the Independent Designee becoming unable to serve as a result of death, disability or otherwise, shall be
filled by the Specified Members. Any vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation or removal of any Manager that is not designated
pursuant to a Designation Right (other than the CEO Manager and the Independent Designee), or resulting from any such Manager becoming
unable to serve as a result of death, disability or otherwise, shall be filled by vote of Members holding a plurality of the votes of
the Class A Units present in person or represented by proxy at a meeting of Members held for purposes of filling such vacancy (or
by the Majority Members acting by written consent). Any vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation or removal of a Holder Manager
on account of the reduction or termination of a Designation Right shall be filled by vote of Members holding a plurality of the votes
of the Class A Units present in person or represented by proxy at a meeting of Members held for purposes of filling such vacancy
(or by the Majority Members acting by written consent). Any vacancy on the Board resulting from the individual serving as the Chief Executive
Officer ceasing to serve as the Chief Executive Officer shall be automatically filled with the individual that is the successor Chief
Executive Officer when such individual becomes the Chief Executive Officer.

-38- 

6.15 Committees.
The Board, by resolution or written consent, may from time to time designate from among the Managers one or more committees to exercise
the powers of the Board. The Board may (and if the Board does not, a majority of the votes of the committee members may) designate a
chairperson of each such committee from among its members. Each such committee, to the extent provided in such resolution or written
consent, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board in the management of the Company, subject to the limitations set
forth in the Act and in this Agreement. Subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 6.15, any or all members of any
such committee may be removed, with or without cause, by a duly adopted resolution or written consent of the Board. Rules governing
the procedures for meetings of each committee designated by the Board shall be as established by the Board from time to time (or, if
the Board does not establish such procedures, as established by a majority of the votes of the committee members). Each Holder Manager
and the Independent Designee shall have the right (but shall not be obligated) to serve on any committee of the Board (other than any
committee that is established to evaluate, consider, approve, negotiate or otherwise deal with any contract, transaction or other matter
with respect to which such Holder Manager, the Independent Designee or the Members that designated such Holder Manager or the Independent
Designee (which, in the case of the Independent Designee, shall only include Specified Members that own or hold (together with their
respective Affiliates) as of the time of determination at least fifteen percent (15.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Units
owned or held by all Specified Members as of such time) has/have a conflict of interest) with at least the same proportional voting rights
as such Manager has on the Board. For the avoidance of doubt, no committee of the Board shall be authorized to take any action that the
Board could not take itself.

6.16 Compensation
of Managers. Each Independent Manager shall be paid compensation from the Company, in such form (which may be in the form of cash
fees and/or equity incentives granted under any Management Incentive Plan) and amount as approved by the Majority Members, for the performance
of such Independent Managers duties as a Manager or a member of any committee of the Board. Managers who are not Independent Managers
shall not receive compensation from the Company for the performance of such Managers duties as a Manager or a member of any committee
of the Board. Each Manager and committee member shall be reimbursed for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred by such Manager or committee member in connection with the performance of such Managers or committee members duties
as a Manager or a member of any committee of the Board (including expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or any committee
thereof). Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Manager or committee member from serving the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving proper compensation therefor.

-39- 

6.17 Subsidiary
Governing Bodies. Each Subsidiary Governing Body of any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (other than any such Subsidiary which
is (a) a limited liability company that is managed by its member(s), (b) a limited partnership that is managed by its general
partner or (c) required by Law or contract to have a different composition) shall be comprised of one or more executive employees
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or other individuals selected by the Board that are not employees of any of the Members or
any of their respective Affiliates (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). The Company agrees to take all necessary and
desirable actions to ensure that any such Subsidiary Governing Body does not adopt any resolutions, execute any consents, grant any approvals
or take any other action, or otherwise cause or permit any such Subsidiary to do anything, that would be inconsistent with, or contrary
to, any resolution, consent, approval or other action adopted, executed, granted or taken by the Board, or that would be in subversion
of the rights of the Members under this Agreement or that would otherwise be a breach of this Agreement if the Company did the same.

6.18 Affiliate
Transactions. Other than any Excepted Transaction, any transaction or series of related transactions between the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Member who, together with its Affiliates, owns or holds five percent (5.0%) or more of the
issued and outstanding Class A Units, or any Affiliate of any such Member, on the other hand (an Affiliate Transaction),
involving aggregate payments, fundings or other consideration in excess of $20,000,000.00 per annum shall require the approval of a majority
of the votes of the Managers then in office that are disinterested with respect to such Affiliate Transaction.

6.19 Required
Manager Approval and Approval of Board and Majority Members for Certain Actions. The Company shall not, and the Company shall not
cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take (whether by amendment, merger, consolidation, division, recapitalization or otherwise)
any of the actions listed on Schedule A attached hereto without prior Required Manager Approval and the prior approval or
consent of the Board and the Majority Members.

6.20 Observers.

(a) Each
Member that is a Major Member (each, an Observer Member) shall have the right to appoint one individual to attend
each meeting of the Board and each meeting of each committee of the Board (each such meeting, a Meeting) as an observer
in a non-voting capacity (each, an Observer) for so long as such Observer Member is a Major Member; provided,
that an Observer Member shall not be entitled to appoint an Observer at any time when any of the Managers is an employee of such Observer
Member or any of its Affiliates (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). For so long as an Observer Member has the right
to appoint an Observer, such Observer Member may from time to time, in its sole discretion and by providing the Company with prior written
notice thereof, remove the individual serving as such Observer Members Observer and appoint a new individual to serve as such
Observer Members Observer following such removal. If an Observer Member ceases to have the right to appoint an Observer (including
under the circumstances described in the proviso of the first sentence of this Section 6.20(a)), then the individual then
serving as such Observer Members Observer will not be entitled to continue serving as an Observer immediately upon the occurrence
of such cessation; provided, that if an Observer Member ceases to have the right to appoint an Observer under the circumstances
described in the proviso of the first sentence of this Section 6.20(a), then the individual that was serving as such Observer
Members Observer (or any replacement individual) may resume serving as such Observer Members Observer when such circumstances
no longer exist so long as such Observer Member is a Major Member. For the avoidance of doubt, an Observer Member shall cease to have
the right to appoint an Observer at such time as such Observer Member is no longer a Major Member. Each Observer Member that is an Affiliate
of any other Observer Member shall be treated as one (1) Observer Member for purposes of this Section 6.20.

-40- 

(b) The
Company shall give each Observer advance notice of all Meetings and all final drafts of materials (including minutes of Meetings and
written consents in lieu of Meetings) and other information given to Managers or committee members, as applicable, to be discussed at
any Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Observer shall not be entitled to observe any portion of a Meeting (or any portion of
a notice of a Meeting) or to receive any materials or other information that the Board or the applicable committee, as the case may be,
determines (i) would jeopardize or impair the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to take advantage of the attorney-client,
work product or similar privilege if such portion of such Meeting were observed or if such portion of such notice, such materials or
such other information was received by such Observer, (ii) is necessary or advisable (in the judgment of the Board or the applicable
committee, as the case may be) to comply with the terms and conditions of confidentiality agreements with third parties or applicable
law, or (iii) such Observer or any of the Members that appointed such Observer or any Affiliate of any of such Members has/have
a conflict of interest with respect to the subject matter of such portion of the Meeting (or such portion of such notice of a Meeting)
or such materials or other information. The failure of any Observer to attend any Meeting (or to receive any portion of a notice of a
Meeting) or to receive any materials or other information shall not prevent any such Meeting from proceeding or otherwise affect the
validity of such Meeting (or any written consent in lieu of a Meeting) or any actions taken at such Meeting (or any written consent in
lieu of such Meeting). An Observer shall not be entitled to vote on any matters submitted to a vote at any Meeting. No Observer shall
be entitled to any fees or other compensation for acting as an Observer. Each Observer shall be reimbursed for the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Observer in connection with attending any Meeting.

(c) The
rights of each Observer Member to appoint an Observer, and to remove and replace the individual serving as such Observer Members
Observer with a new individual appointed by such Observer Member, shall be subject to the execution and delivery by such Observer of
a confidentiality agreement that is acceptable to the Board. The rights of each Observer Member under this Section 6.20 shall
not be assignable or transferable to any Person. The termination of any Observer Members right to appoint an Observer shall not
affect the right of any other Observer Member to appoint an Observer.

(d) Any
Observer shall be entitled to participate in any Meeting through the use of any means of remote communication by which all persons attending
can hear each other at the same time.

-41- 

Article 7

OFFICERS; POWERS OF OFFICERS

7.1 Election
and Tenure. The officers of the Company may (but shall not be required to) consist of the Chairperson, the Chief Executive Officer,
the Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary, a Treasurer, a Controller, and such other officers and assistant officers as the Board may
deem necessary or advisable, each of whom shall be appointed by the Board. The persons holding officer positions with the Company as
of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule B attached hereto. The Board may expressly delegate to any such officer the
power to appoint or remove subordinate officers, agents or employees. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. Each officer
so appointed shall continue in office until a successor shall be appointed and shall qualify, or until the officers earlier death,
resignation or removal. Each officer shall be a natural person who is eighteen (18) years of age or older.

7.2 Resignation,
Removal and Vacancies. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of resignation to the Company, to the attention
of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. Such resignation shall take effect when the notice is delivered in accordance with Section 19.5
unless the notice specifies a later date, and acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to render such resignation effective
unless such resignation so states. Any officer may at any time be removed by the Board. If any office becomes vacant for any reason,
the vacancy may be filled by the Board. An officer appointed to fill a vacancy shall be appointed for the unexpired term of such officers
predecessor in office (if any) and shall continue in office until a successor shall be elected or appointed and shall qualify, or until
such officers earlier death, resignation or removal. The appointment of an officer shall not itself create contract rights in
favor of the officer, and the removal or resignation of an officer shall not affect the officers contract rights, if any, with
the Company or the Companys contract rights, if any, with the officer.

7.3 Chairperson.
The Chairperson shall preside over the meetings of the Members and the Board and have such powers and responsibilities as are incident
thereto. However, the Chairperson shall not have responsibility for the day-to-day business operations of the Company. The Chairperson
shall be a Manager.

7.4 Chief
Executive Officer. The chief executive officer of the Company (the Chief Executive Officer), if any, shall (a) have
general and active management of the business of the Company, and preside over the day-to-day business operations of the Company, (b) see
that all orders and resolutions of the Board are carried into effect, and (c) perform all duties as may from time to time be assigned
to him or her by the Board or as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Chief Executive Officer shall also be the President
of the Company.

7.5 Chief
Financial Officer. The chief financial officer of the Company (the Chief Financial Officer), if any, shall perform
such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer
or as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement, and shall perform such duties and have such powers and responsibilities as are incident
to the office of Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Chief Financial Officer shall have, along with the Chief Executive Officer,
responsibility for the day-to-day business operations of the Company.

-42- 

7.6 Controller.
The controller of the Company (the Controller), if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as
may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer or as may be
expressly set forth in this Agreement, and shall perform such duties and have such powers and responsibilities as are incident to the
office of Controller.

7.7 Vice
Presidents. The vice presidents of the Company (the Vice Presidents), if any, shall perform such duties and
possess such powers as may from time to time be assigned to them by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or as may be expressly set
forth in this Agreement. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in the event of the inability or refusal of the Chief Executive
Officer to act, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order designated
by the Board, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of the election or appointment of the Vice Presidents) shall perform
the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so performing shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions
upon the Chief Executive Officer.

7.8 Secretary.
The secretary of the Company (the Secretary), if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may
from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement.
In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of Secretary, including the duty
and power to give notice of all meetings of Members (if any), the Board and any committee of the Board, to prepare and maintain minutes
of any such meetings, to maintain other records and information of the Company, to authenticate records of the Company, to be custodian
of the Company seal and to affix and attest to the Company seal on documents.

7.9 Treasurer.
The treasurer of the Company (the Treasurer), if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may
from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement.
In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of Treasurer, including the duty
and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Company, to deposit funds of the Company in depositories selected
in accordance with this Agreement, to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board, making proper accounts thereof, and to render as required
by the Board statements of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Company.

7.10 Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers of the Company (the Assistant
Secretaries and the Assistant Treasurers), if any, shall perform such duties as may from time to time
be assigned to them by the Secretary or the Treasurer, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board, or as may be expressly
set forth in this Agreement. In the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary or the Treasurer, the Assistant Secretaries
or the Assistant Treasurers, respectively, in the order designated by the Board, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order
of their election or appointment, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary or Treasurer, as the case may be.

7.11 Salaries.
Officers of the Company shall be entitled to such salaries, emoluments, compensation or reimbursement, if any, as shall be fixed or allowed
from time to time by the Board or in such manner as the Board shall provide.

-43- 

7.12 Borrowing.
No loan shall be contracted on behalf of the Company, and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued, endorsed or accepted in its name,
unless authorized by the Board or a committee designated by the Board so to act. Such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances. When so validly authorized, an officer may (a) effect loans at any time for the Company from any bank or other Entity
and for such loans may execute and deliver promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness of the Company, and (b) mortgage,
pledge or otherwise encumber any real or personal property, or any interest therein, owned or held by the Company as security for the
payment of any loans or obligations (including any guarantees) of the Company, and to that end may execute and deliver for the Company
such instruments as may be necessary or proper in connection with such transaction.

7.13 Checks
and Endorsements. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, obligations, notes or other evidences of indebtedness,
bills of lading, warehouse receipts, trade acceptances and other such instruments shall be signed or endorsed for the Company by such
officers or agents of the Company as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board, which resolution may provide for
the use of facsimile or electronic signatures.

7.14 Deposits.
All funds of the Company not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the Companys credit in such banks or other
depositories as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board, which resolution may specify the officers or agents
of the Company who shall have the power, and the manner in which such power shall be exercised, to make such deposits and to endorse,
assign and deliver for collection and deposit checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money payable to the Company or its
order.

7.15 Proxies.
Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President:
(a) may from time to time appoint one (1) or more agents of the Company, in the name and on behalf of the Company, (i) to
cast the votes which the Company may be entitled to cast, as the holder of Equity Interests or other securities in any other Entity whose
Equity Interests or other securities may be held by the Company, at meetings of the holders of the Equity Interests or other securities
of such other Entity, or (ii) to consent in writing to any action by such other Entity; (b) may instruct the person so appointed
as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consent; and (c) may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf
of the Company and under the Companys seal, or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as may be deemed necessary
or proper in connection with the foregoing clauses (a) and (b).

-44- 

Article 8

EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Exculpation.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement (whether express or implied) or obligation or duty at law or in equity, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, no Covered Person shall be liable to any Member, the Company or any other Person (including any creditor
or claimant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) for any losses, claims, expenses, damages or liabilities arising from any judgment,
decision or action made, taken or performed, or omitted to be made, taken or performed, by a Covered Person in connection with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, nor shall any Covered Person be liable to any Member, the Company or any other Person for any judgment, decision
or action made, taken or performed, or omitted to be made, taken or performed, by any employee or other agent of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, except to the extent that any such losses, expenses, claims, damages or liabilities, (i) in any such case, are
attributable to such Covered Persons material breach of this Agreement, and (ii) in the case of any current or former Manager
(other than any current or former Manager that is not a current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or any
current or former officer of the Company (other than any current or former officer that is not a current or former employee of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries), (A) are attributable to such Managers or officers acts or omissions not in good faith,
(B) are attributable to such Managers or officers breach of the duty of loyalty to the Members, the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, (C) arise from a transaction in which such Manager or officer derived an improper personal benefit or (D) are
attributable to acts or omissions of such Manager or officer that constitute a knowing violation of law. No amendment to or repeal of
this Section 8.1 shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of the Covered Persons for or with
respect to their acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

(b) In
accordance with the Act and the laws of the State of Delaware, a member of a limited liability company may, under certain circumstances,
be required to return amounts previously distributed to such member. It is the intent of the Members that no distribution to any Member
pursuant to Article 13 or Article 15 shall be deemed a return of money or other property paid or distributed
in violation of the Act or other applicable law. The return of such money or distribution of any such property to a Member shall be deemed
to be a compromise within the meaning of the Act, and the Member receiving any such money or property shall not be required to return
to any Person any such money or property. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions
of this Agreement, any Member is obligated to return such money or property, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Member and
not of any other Member.

-45- 

8.2 Indemnification.

(a) The
Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (as now or hereafter in effect), indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each Covered Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding (Proceeding), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or any appeal
in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, (i) in connection with any matter arising
out of or in connection with the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries business or affairs, (ii) by reason of the fact
that such Covered Person is serving or has served in one or more of the capacities set forth in the definition of Covered Person,
or (iii) by reason of the fact that such Covered Person, or a Person of whom such Covered Person is the legal representative, is
or was serving as a manager, officer, member, employee or agent or in any other capacity, at the request of the Company, for any other
corporation, company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Entity (an Other Entity),
from and against any losses, claims, expenses, damages and liabilities (collectively, Damages) suffered or incurred
by, imposed on, or to which such Covered Person may become subject in connection with such Proceeding; provided, that no right
of indemnification shall be available to a Covered Person under this Article 8 (A) to the extent that it shall have
been determined by a final, non-appealable decision by a court of competent jurisdiction that any such Damages are attributable to such
Covered Persons material breach of this Agreement, and, (B) in the case of any current or former Manager (other than any
current or former Manager that is not a current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or any current or former
officer of the Company (other than any current or former officer that is not a current or former employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries), to the extent that any such Damages (1) are attributable to such Managers or officers acts or omissions
not in good faith, (2) are attributable to such Managers or officers breach of the duty of loyalty to the Members,
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (3) arise from a transaction in which such Manager or officer derived an improper personal
benefit, (4) are attributable to acts or omissions of such Manager or officer that constitute a knowing violation of law, (5) are
attributable to any Proceeding (except an action to enforce the indemnification rights set forth in this Section 8.2(a) or
to enforce the rights to advancement of expenses set forth in Section 8.2(b)) initiated by such Covered Person unless if
such Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board, or (6) are attributable to any Proceeding by or in the right of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries unless if the Board authorizes the indemnification of any such Damages (except that, to the extent
any such Covered Person has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any such Proceeding by or in the right of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, then such Covered Person shall be indemnified
against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such Covered Person in connection therewith). If for any reason the foregoing indemnification
is unavailable to a Covered Person, or is insufficient to hold it harmless, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such Covered Person as a result of the applicable Damages in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company on the one hand and the Covered Person on the other hand or, if such allocation is not permitted by applicable law, to
reflect not only the relative benefits referred to above but also any other relevant equitable considerations.

(b) If
a Covered Person is or was made, or threatened to be made, a party to or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could
lead to such a Proceeding, (i) in connection with any matter arising out of or in connection with the Companys or any of
its Subsidiaries business or affairs, (ii) by reason of the fact that such Covered Person is serving or has served in one
or more of the capacities set forth in the definition of Covered Person or (iii) by reason of the fact that such Covered
Person, or a Person of whom such Covered Person is the legal representative, is or was serving as a manager, officer, member, employee
or agent or in any other capacity, at the request of the Company, for any Other Entity, the Company shall pay, within a reasonable period
of time following the Companys receipt of reasonably detailed supporting documentation, to such Covered Person such Covered Persons
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal and other expenses (including legal and other professional fees and disbursements, and
the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in connection therewith in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding;
provided, that such Covered Person shall promptly repay to the Company the amount of any such expenses paid to it if it shall
be determined that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company in connection with such Proceeding as provided
in the proviso contained in Section 8.2(a); provided, further that, with respect to a Covered Person described
in clause (B) of Section 8.2(a), the Company shall not be required to pay in advance or otherwise any such expenses
incurred by any such Covered Person in connection with (A) any Proceeding initiated by such Covered Person unless if such Proceeding
was authorized in the specific case by the Board or (B) any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
unless if the Board authorizes the payment of any such expenses.

-46- 

(c) The
rights to indemnification, reimbursement and advancement of expenses, and contribution provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Section 8.2
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a Covered Person seeking indemnification, reimbursement or advancement
of expenses, or contribution may have or hereafter be entitled under any statute, this Agreement, any other agreement (including any
policy of insurance purchased or provided by the Company under which any Covered Person is covered), any vote of the Members or Managers,
or otherwise. The rights conferred upon any Covered Person in Section 8.1 and Section 8.2 shall be contract rights
that vest upon the occurrence or alleged occurrence of any judgment, decision or action made, taken or performed, or omitted to be made,
taken or performed, or any other fact, circumstance or matter, giving rise to any losses, claims, expenses, damages or liabilities (whether
or not arising out of a Proceeding) that are covered by Section 8.1 and/or Section 8.2, and such rights shall
apply to a Person that was a Covered Person even after such Person ceases to be a Covered Person, but only with respect to any such losses,
claims, expenses, damages or liabilities arising from any judgment, decision or action made, taken or performed, or omitted to be made,
taken or performed, or any other fact, circumstance or matter that occurred, during the period in which such Person was a Covered Person.

(d) The
rights to indemnification, reimbursement and advancement of expenses, and contribution provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Section 8.2
shall inure to the benefit of the successors, heirs, executors and administrators of a Covered Person.

(e) The
Company shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any Covered Person to protect such Covered Person against
any Damages, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such Covered Person against any such Damages under the provisions
of this Section 8.2 or under any provision of law.

(f) No
amendment or repeal of any part of this Section 8.2 shall apply to or have any effect on any right to indemnification, reimbursement
and advancement of expenses, and contribution provided hereunder with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment
or repeal.

-47- 

8.3 No
Member Liability. Any indemnification, reimbursement and advancement of expenses, or contribution provided under this Article 8
shall be satisfied solely out of assets of the Company, as an expense of the Company. No Member shall be subject to personal liability
by reason of the indemnification, reimbursement and advancement of expenses, or contribution provisions set forth in this Article 8.

8.4 Settlements.
The Company shall not be liable for any settlement by a Covered Person of any Proceeding effected without its written consent, but if
settled with such written consent, or if there is a final judgment against such Covered Person in any such Proceeding, the Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless such Covered Person to the extent provided above from and against any Damages by reason of such settlement
or judgment.

8.5 Business
Opportunities; Fiduciary Duties.

(a) The
Company and each Member acknowledge that (i) each Member (other than any Member who is an employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any Member that is a Family Member of any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Member that is controlled
by any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or controlled by any such employees Family Members), (ii) each
Manager (other than a Manager who is an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including the CEO Manager, or is a Family
Member of any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) (whether such Manager is serving as a member of the Board, a member
of a committee of the Board or a member of any Subsidiary Governing Body), and (iii) each Affiliate, manager, director, principal,
officer, employee and other representative of any Member described in clause (i) or any Manager described in clause (ii) (other
than any such Person that is an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a Family Member of any employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, or controlled by any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or controlled by any such employees
Family Members) (the foregoing Persons being referred to, collectively, as Identified Persons and, each individually,
as an Identified Person) may now engage, may continue to engage, and/or may, in the future, decide to engage, in
the same or similar activities or lines of business as those in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly,
now engage or may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with, are complementary to, or compete with those in which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, now engage or may engage (any such activity or line of business, an Opportunity).
No Identified Person shall have any duty to refrain, directly or indirectly, from (x) engaging in any Opportunity, (y) offering
or directing any Opportunity to another Person (including any Affiliate of such Identified Person) or (z) otherwise competing with
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No Identified Person shall have any duty or obligation to refer or offer to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries any Opportunity, and the Company hereby renounces, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries, any interest
or expectancy of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in, or in being offered, an opportunity to participate in any Opportunity engaged
in by any Identified Person which may be a corporate (or analogous) or business opportunity for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

-48- 

(b) In
the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of an Opportunity which may be a corporate (or analogous) or business opportunity
for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, such Identified Person shall have no duty to communicate, offer or otherwise make available
such Opportunity to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not be liable to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
the Members for breach of any purported fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such Opportunity
for itself, or offers or directs such Opportunity to another Person (including any Affiliate of such Identified Person).

(c) The
Company, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries, and each Member (i) acknowledge that the Identified Persons may now own,
may continue to own, and from time to time may acquire and own, investments in one or more other Entities (each such Entity, a Related
Company and all such Entities, collectively, Related Companies), including Entities that are competitors
of, or that otherwise may have interests that do or could conflict with those of, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of the Members
or any of their respective Affiliates, and (ii) agree that (A) the enjoyment, exercise and enforcement of the rights, interests,
privileges, powers and benefits granted or available to the Identified Persons under this Agreement shall not be in any manner reduced,
diminished, affected or impaired, and the obligations of the Identified Persons under this Agreement (if any) shall not be in any manner
augmented or increased, by reason of any act, circumstance, occurrence or event arising from or in any respect relating to (x) the
ownership by an Identified Person of any interest in any Related Company, (y) the affiliation of any Related Company with an Identified
Person or (z) any action taken or omitted by any Related Company or an Identified Person in respect of any Related Company, (B) no
Identified Person shall, by reason of such ownership, affiliation, action or omission, become subject to any fiduciary duty to the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, any of the Members or any of their respective Affiliates, (C) nothing in this Agreement and none of the
duties imposed on an Identified Person, whether by contract or law, if any, do or shall limit or impair the right of any Identified Person
to, directly or indirectly, purchase or sell the securities or indebtedness of any other Entity or to compete with the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, any of the Members or any of their respective Affiliates as if the Identified Persons were not a party to this Agreement
and (D) the Identified Persons are not and shall not be obligated to disclose to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of the
Members or any of their respective Affiliates any information related to their respective businesses or opportunities, including acquisition
opportunities, or to refrain from or in any respect to be restricted in competing against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of
the Members or any of their respective Affiliates in any such business or as to any such opportunities.

-49- 

(d) To
the fullest extent permitted by law, this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary or other duty on
any Identified Person, other than those non-fiduciary duties that are expressly set forth in this Agreement and a duty to act in accordance
with the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing to the extent required by Delaware law. Further, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Company and each Member hereby irrevocably waives any and all fiduciary duties owed to the Company or such
Member by any Identified Person (including those fiduciary duties that, absent such waiver, may be implied by law), and in doing so,
the Company and each Member recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that the duties and obligations of the Identified Persons to the Company,
each other Member and each other Person that is or becomes a party to or is otherwise bound by (or is or becomes a beneficiary of) this
Agreement are only as expressly set forth in this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Identified Person shall owe any
duty (including any fiduciary duty) to the Company or to any Member or to any other Person that is or becomes a party to or is otherwise
bound by (or is or becomes a beneficiary of) this Agreement other than those non-fiduciary duties that are expressly set forth in this
Agreement and a duty to act in accordance with the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing to the extent required
by Delaware law. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Identified Person acting in accordance with this Agreement shall (i) be
deemed to be acting in compliance with such implied contractual covenant, and (ii) not be liable to the Company, to any Member or
to any other Person that is a party to or is otherwise bound by (or is or becomes a beneficiary of) this Agreement for its reliance on
the provisions of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties and liabilities
of an Identified Person otherwise existing at law or in equity in respect of the Company, any of the Members or any other Person that
is or becomes a party to or is otherwise bound by (or is or becomes a beneficiary of) this Agreement, are agreed (and shall be deemed
to have been agreed) by the Company, the Members or all such other Persons to replace fully and completely such other duties and liabilities.

(e) Each
Manager that is an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including the CEO Manager), in its capacity as such, shall have
the same fiduciary duties as those of a member of a board of directors of a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Each employee and officer of the Company (other than any officer of the Company that is not an employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries), in its capacity as such, shall have the same fiduciary duties as an employee or officer (as applicable) of a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(f) Nothing
in this Section 8.5 shall be deemed to limit any Members obligations under Section 20.1.

8.6 Subrogation.
In the event that any Covered Person who is or was a partner, shareholder, member, officer, director, manager, fund adviser, investment
adviser, investment manager, controlling person, employee, consultant, counsel, representative or agent of a Member or any of its Affiliates
is entitled to indemnification under Section 8.2 for which such Covered Person is also entitled to indemnification from such
Member or any of its Affiliates (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), the Company hereby agrees that its duties to indemnify
such Covered Person, whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, shall be primary to those of such Member or such Affiliate, and
to the extent that such Member or such Affiliate actually indemnifies any such Covered Person, such Member or such Affiliate shall be
subrogated to the rights of such Covered Person against the Company for indemnification hereunder. The Company hereby acknowledges the
subrogation rights of each Member and its Affiliates under such circumstances and agrees to execute and deliver such further documents
and/or instruments as such Member or its Affiliate may reasonably request in order to evidence any such subrogation rights, whether before
or after such Member or its Affiliate makes any such indemnification payment. The Company shall pay any amounts due under this Section 8.6,
in cash, promptly, and in any event within fifteen (15) days, upon written demand therefor (accompanied by reasonably detailed supporting
documentation) from a Member. The Company hereby waives any right against each of the Members and their respective Affiliates to indemnification,
subrogation, or contribution. Furthermore, the Company and the Members expressly agree that each Covered Person is an intended third
party beneficiary as to the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and shall be entitled to bring suit against the Company to enforce
said provisions. The provisions of this Section 8.6, shall equally apply to a Covered Persons rights to reimbursement
and advancement of expenses and contribution under Section 8.2.

-50- 

8.7 Insurance.
The Company shall purchase and maintain, at the Companys expense, insurance (the Specified Insurance) on
behalf of all managers (including Managers), directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries to protect any such Person against
any expense, liability or loss suffered or incurred by, imposed on, or to which such Person may become subject (a) in connection
with any matter arising out of or in connection with the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries business or affairs, (b) by
reason of the fact that such Person is serving or has served as an officer, manager or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or (c) by reason of the fact that such Person is or was serving as a manager, officer, member, employee or agent or in any other
capacity, at the request of the Company, for any Other Entity, in any such case based on acts, omissions, facts, circumstances or matters
occurring or arising on or after the Effective Date; provided, however, that the Specified Insurance shall be subject to
(i) exclusions and exceptions that are customary for such insurance, and (ii) retentions and limitations as the Board determines
to be reasonable in light of the premiums to be paid for the Specified Insurance. Any Specified Insurance shall be satisfactory to the
Board.

8.8 Amendments.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no amendment, repeal or modification of this Article 8 shall affect any
rights or obligations with respect to any state of facts then or theretofore existing or any Proceeding theretofore or thereafter brought
or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts.

Article 9

TRANSFERS

9.1 Restrictions
on Transfers.

(a) Prohibited
Transfers. Without limiting any other provisions, restrictions or conditions of this Article 9, unless otherwise waived
by the Board in its sole discretion, no Units shall be Transferred by any Member (regardless of the manner in which the Transferor initially
acquired such Units), if:

(i) such
Transfer would, if consummated, result in any violation of the Securities Act or any state securities laws or regulations, or any other
applicable federal or state laws or order of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

-51- 

(ii) such
Transfer would, if consummated (after taking into account the consummation of any other proposed Transfers for which a notice thereof
has been previously delivered to the Company, but not yet consummated), result in the Company having, in the aggregate, (A) 1,000
or more holders of record (as such concept is understood for purposes of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act), or (B) 400
or more holders of record (as such concept is understood for purposes of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act) that are not Accredited
Investors, of either (x) the class of Units proposed to be Transferred (assuming, for purposes of this clause (x), that
all issued and outstanding securities of the Company that are exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, directly or indirectly,
the class of Units proposed to be Transferred were exercised, exchanged or converted at the time of such Transfer) or (y) any class
of Units into which the Units proposed to be Transferred are convertible (such Units, Conversion Units) (assuming,
for purposes of this clause (y), that all issued and outstanding securities of the Company that are exercisable or exchangeable
for, or convertible into, directly or indirectly, Conversion Units were exercised, exchanged or converted at the time of such Transfer),
unless at the time of such Transfer the Company is already subject to the reporting obligations under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Exchange Act; provided, that the numbers 1,000 and 400 as used in this Section 9.1(a)(ii) shall
be increased by the number of such holders that acquire from the Company, after the Effective Date, Units of the class proposed to be
Transferred, Conversion Units, or securities of the Company that are exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, Units of the
class proposed to be Transferred or Conversion Units, in any such case other than any such acquisition (1) that was made by a holder
who held any such Units, Conversion Units or securities prior to such acquisition (including in connection with a distribution to all
holders of any such Units, Conversion Units or securities) or (2) made through a distribution under the Plan of Reorganization;

(iii) such
Transfer would, if consummated (after taking into account the consummation of any other proposed Transfers for which a notice thereof
has been previously delivered to the Company, but not yet consummated), require the Company to register any class of Units or other equity
securities of the Company under the Exchange Act (as a result of the number of holders of such Units or equity securities or otherwise),
unless, at the time of such Transfer, the Company is already subject to the reporting obligations under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Exchange Act;

(iv) such
Transfer would, in the judgment of the Board, cause the Company to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act;

(v) such
Transfer would, if consummated (after taking into account the consummation of any other proposed Transfers for which a notice thereof
has been previously delivered to the Company, but not yet consummated) in the judgment of the Board, cause the Company to be treated
as a publicly traded partnership under Code Section 7704;

-52- 

(vi) such
Transfer would, if consummated (after taking into account the consummation of any other proposed Transfers for which a notice thereof
has been previously delivered to the Company, but not yet consummated), cause the underlying assets of the Company to be deemed plan
assets as defined under and pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulation or constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;

(vii) such
Transfer is not to an Accredited Investor;

(viii) such
Transfer is to any Competitor; or

(ix) such
Transfer is to any Sanctioned Person.

(b) Certificates;
Legal Opinion. In addition to the restrictions set forth in Section 9.1(a), no Units shall be Transferred by any Member
unless (i) the certificates (if any) representing such Units bear legends as provided in Section 9.1(e) (or, with
respect to uncertificated Units, notice of such legends is provided in accordance with applicable law), for so long as such legends are
applicable; (ii) either (A) the Transferee is an Affiliate of the Transferor or (B) prior to such Transfer (1) the
Transferee and the Transferor shall have delivered to the Company representation letters in such form as may be approved from time to
time by the Company (including a representation from the Transferee that the Transferee is an Accredited Investor), and (2) the
Transferor shall have delivered to the Company a legal opinion, reasonably acceptable to the Company, stating that the registration of
the Units that are the subject of such proposed Transfer is not required under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
or blue sky laws; and (iii) in the case of a Transfer by a Member that is not a United States person
within the meaning of Code Section 7701(a)(30), such Member and the Transferee shall have delivered to the Company, in respect of
the relevant Transfer, written evidence that all required withholding under Code Section 1446(f) will be done and duly remitted
to the applicable Taxing Authority or duly executed certifications (prepared in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.1446(f)-2(b) or
other applicable authorities) of an exemption from such withholding. Any of the requirements set forth in clause (B) of
the immediately preceding sentence may be waived by the Company in its sole discretion.

-53- 

(c) Notice
of Transfer. Subject to Section 9.3, and unless otherwise waived by the Company, any Member proposing to effect a Transfer
of Units must submit to the Company, not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such Transfer, a written notice (a Transfer
Notice) of such Transfer. A Transfer Notice shall be delivered to the Company, to the attention of (i) the Secretary
or Chief Financial Officer, or any of their designees, and (ii) the Chairperson, in each case in accordance with Section 19.5.
A Transfer Notice shall include or be accompanied by (A) the name, address, e-mail address and telephone number of the Transferor
and the Transferee, (B) a certification from the Transferee whether the Transferee is an Affiliate of the Transferor, (C) a
certification from the Transferee that the Transferee is not a Sanctioned Person, (D) a certification from the Transferee that the
Transferee is a Competitor under clause (a) or clause (c) of the definition of Competitor, (E) the
number and class and/or series of Units proposed to be Transferred to, and acquired by, the Transferee, (F) the date on which the
Transfer is proposed to take place, (G) the percentage of the Transferors total number of Units of the same class and/or
series to be Transferred, (H) a Joinder Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Transferee to the extent such Transferee has
not already signed a counterpart of this Agreement or executed a Joinder Agreement, (I) an AI Questionnaire, duly completed and
executed by the Transferee, (J) an IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable, duly completed and executed
by the Transferee to the extent such Transferee has not already delivered to the Company such a duly completed and executed tax form
that is not obsolete, inaccurate or expired, and (K) a request that the Company instruct the Transfer Agent to register the Transfer
in the Register of Members. So long as the other provisions of this Section 9.1 are satisfied and complied with, the Company
shall, within five (5) Business Days after a Transfer Notice is delivered to the Company (but in no event earlier than the proposed
date of Transfer specified in the Transfer Notice), instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to register
the Transfer in the Register of Members unless, (I) prior to the expiration of such five (5) Business Day period, the Company
requests information demonstrating that the Transfer complies with this Section 9.1 (including information demonstrating
that the Transferee is not a Competitor or a Sanctioned Person) or (II) the Transferor by written notice to the Company withdraws
the related Transfer Notice prior to registration of the Transfer. If any such request for information is made, the Company shall instruct
and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to register the Transfer in the Register of Members no later than
five (5) Business Days after the Company receives such information (but in no event earlier than the proposed date of Transfer specified
in the Transfer Notice), unless the Company determines during any such five (5)-Business Day period that the Transfer is not permitted
pursuant to the terms of this Section 9.1, in which case the Company shall promptly inform the Transferor of such determination.
Upon the closing of each Transfer that is permitted by this Agreement and the Transferee becoming a party to this Agreement, (x) such
Transferee shall be admitted as, and deemed to be, a Member for purposes of this Agreement, (y) such Transferee shall be entitled
to the rights (excluding any rights of a Member that are not assignable or otherwise transferable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement),
and subject to the obligations, of a Member with respect to the Transferred Units and (z) the Company shall instruct and use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to amend and update the Register of Members to reflect such Transfer.

(d) Prohibited
Transfers Void. The Company shall not instruct or cause the Transfer Agent to register the Transfer of any Units in the Register
of Members except for Transfers that are consummated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and, in the case of
any Class B Units, the terms and provisions of any applicable Management Incentive Plan and/or Award Agreement. Any purported Transfer
of Units in violation of such terms and provisions shall be void ab initio and shall not be recognized by the Company.

-54- 

(e) Legends.

(i) All
certificates (if any) or statements related to book-entry accounts (if any) representing or otherwise evidencing any Units that were
issued under the Plan of Reorganization shall conspicuously bear, or shall be deemed to conspicuously bear (even if such certificate
or statement does not actually bear such legend), the following legend (subject to Section 9.1(e)(iv) below):

THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE] [STATEMENT] WERE ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), PROVIDED BY SECTION 1145
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, 11 U.S.C. 1145. THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE]
[STATEMENT] HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND TO THE EXTENT THE HOLDER OF SUCH LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY INTERESTS IS AN UNDERWRITER, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1145(B)(1) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, MAY NOT BE
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND, IN
EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

(ii) All
certificates (if any) or statements related to book-entry accounts (if any) representing or otherwise evidencing any Units (excluding
Units that were issued under the Plan of Reorganization) shall conspicuously bear, or shall be deemed to conspicuously bear (even if
such certificate or statement does not actually bear such legend), the following legend (subject to Section 9.1(e)(iv) below):

THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE] [STATEMENT] HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND, IN EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

-55- 

(iii) All
certificates (if any) or statements related to book-entry accounts (if any) representing or otherwise evidencing any Units shall conspicuously
bear, or shall be deemed to conspicuously bear (even if such certificate or statement does not actually bear such legend), the following
legend subject to Section 9.1(e)(iv) below):

THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE] [STATEMENT] ARE SUBJECT TO VARIOUS TERMS, PROVISIONS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON SALE, DISPOSITION OR TRANSFER, AS SET FORTH IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF
[] (THE COMPANY) DATED AS OF [], 2025 (AS AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED, AMENDED AND RESTATED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED
FROM TIME TO TIME, THE LLC AGREEMENT) BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND THE MEMBERS OF THE COMPANY. NO REGISTRATION OR TRANSFER
OF THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE] [STATEMENT] WILL BE MADE ON THE BOOKS
OF THE COMPANY OR ITS TRANSFER AGENT UNLESS AND UNTIL SUCH RESTRICTIONS SHALL HAVE BEEN COMPLIED WITH. THE COMPANY OR ITS TRANSFER AGENT
WILL FURNISH, WITHOUT CHARGE, TO EACH HOLDER OF RECORD OF THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED OR OTHERWISE EVIDENCED
BY THIS [CERTIFICATE] [STATEMENT] A COPY OF THE LLC AGREEMENT, CONTAINING THE ABOVE-REFERENCED TERMS, PROVISIONS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING
RESTRICTIONS ON SALE, DISPOSITION OR TRANSFER OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS, UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE COMPANY AT ITS PRINCIPAL
PLACE OF BUSINESS.

(iv) In
the event that any Units shall be registered for Transfer under the Securities Act, the Company shall, upon the written request of the
holder of such Units, issue to such holder a new certificate or statement of book-entry position, as applicable, representing or otherwise
evidencing such Units without the legend required by Section 9.1(e)(i) or Section 9.1(e)(ii). In the event
that any Units shall cease to be subject to the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Section 9.1, the Company shall,
upon the written request of the holder of such Units, issue to such holder a new certificate or statement of book-entry position, as
applicable, representing or otherwise evidencing such Units without the legend required by Section 9.1(e)(iii).

(v) In
the case of uncertificated Units, the Company shall provide notice to the Members of the applicable legends required by Sections 9.1(e)(i),
9.1(e)(ii) and 9.1(e)(iii) in accordance with applicable law.

(vi) Each
Member shall be deemed to have actual knowledge of the terms, provisions, restrictions and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including
the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Section 9.1) for all purposes of this Agreement and applicable law (including
the Act and the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted and in effect in any applicable jurisdiction), whether or not any certificate
or statement of book-entry position, as applicable, representing or otherwise evidencing any Units owned or held by such Member bears
the applicable legends set forth in Sections 9.1(e)(i), 9.1(e)(ii) and 9.1(e)(iii) and whether or
not any such Member received a separate notice of such terms, provisions, restrictions and conditions.

(f) Transfers
of Class B Units. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Class B Units shall not be Transferred by
any Member unless such Transfer also complies with any restrictions on Transfer set forth in the applicable Management Incentive Plan
and/or any applicable Award Agreement (which restrictions may be in addition to, and/or more restrictive than, the restrictions on Transfer
of Units set forth in this Agreement).

-56- 

(g) Certain
Members. If any Member is an Entity that has no substantial assets other than Units and/or indebtedness of, or securities in, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, then such Member agrees that no Equity Interests in such Member may be sold, transferred or otherwise
disposed to any Person other than in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Section 9.1 as if such Equity Interests
were Units; provided, that a sale, transfer or other disposition of Equity Interests in such Member to any Affiliate of such Member
(other than to any Affiliate of such Member that is a portfolio company of such Member or any of its other Affiliates) shall not be subject
to this Section 9.1(g).

(h) No
Requirement to List. The Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement to list any of the Units or other Interests on any
securities exchange, automated quotation system or over-the-counter marketplace.

(i) Transfers
to the Company. A Transfer of Units to the Company shall not be subject to the requirements of this Section 9.1.

(j) Additional
Restrictions. If the Board makes a reasonable determination that additional restrictions are necessary to prevent (i) the Company
from being treated as a publicly traded partnership under Code Section 7704 or (ii) jeopardizing the availability
to The Container Store Group, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries of their net operating loss or net capital loss carryforwards or certain
other tax benefits under Code Section 382, the Board may impose such additional restrictions on Transfers as the Board has reasonably
determined to be so necessary.

(k) Reimbursement
of Company Expenses. The Transferor and the Transferee shall be jointly and severally obligated to reimburse the Company for all
reasonable out-of-pocket third party costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the Company in connection with any Transfer
or proposed Transfer of such Transferors Units (excluding any Transfer or proposed Transfer pursuant to Section 9.3
or otherwise pursuant to a Sale Transaction).

(l) Modifications
to Procedural Provisions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may, in its sole discretion, waive or modify
the application of any term or provision of a procedural nature set forth herein to any Transfer so long as such waiver or modification
(i) is for administrative convenience purposes to facilitate the consummation of such Transfer, (ii) does not adversely affect
the rights of any of the Members, (iii) does not subject any of the Members to any additional obligations or liabilities, and (iv) is
approved by the Transferor and the ultimate Transferee of such Transfer (which approval may be provided by e-mail to the Company in accordance
with Section 19.5). The right of the Company to make any such waiver or modification need not be uniform among Transfers
and may be made by it selectively among any Transfers (whether or not such Transfers are similar in nature). Any such waiver or modification
shall not require any consents or approvals of the Members under Section 16.1.

-57- 

9.2 Transfer
Agents; Regulations. The Company, by resolution or written consent of the Board, may from time to time appoint a Transfer Agent under
such arrangements and upon such terms and conditions as the Board deems advisable. Unless the Board has appointed some other Person as
its Transfer Agent (and upon the revocation of any such appointment, thereafter until a new appointment is similarly made) the Secretary,
or any Person designated by the Secretary, shall be the Transfer Agent without the necessity of any formal action of the Board, and the
Secretary, or any Person designated by the Secretary, shall perform all of the duties of the Transfer Agent. The Board may make such
rules and regulations as it may deem expedient and as are not inconsistent with this Agreement, concerning the issue, registration
and Transfer of certificates for Units.

9.3 Drag-Along
Transactions.

(a) In
the event that the Majority Members at the time of the delivery of a Drag Notice (for purposes of this Section 9.3, each,
a Selling Member and, collectively, the Selling Members) determine to effect, approve or otherwise
take any action that would cause the occurrence of, or desire to consummate, a Sale Transaction (whether or not a Member vote is required)
to or with any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act, or any successor provision) other than the Selling Members or any Affiliates thereof (a Third Party Purchaser)
(any such Sale Transaction, a Drag-Along Transaction), the Company or the Selling Members (or a designated representative
acting on behalf of the Selling Members) will have the right (but not the obligation) to deliver written notice thereof (a Drag
Notice) to all other Members (each, a Dragged Member and, collectively, the Dragged Members),
including any holders of Class B Units. Such written notice shall be delivered to the Dragged Members in accordance with Section 19.5
and shall contain a general description of the material terms and conditions of the Drag-Along Transaction, including the amount
and form of consideration to be paid by the Third Party Purchaser, copies of any Drag-Along Transaction Documents or Investment Documents
that the Dragged Members will be required to execute and deliver in connection with such Drag-Along Transaction (to the extent such documents
exist and are in substantially final form at the time such Drag Notice is delivered to the Dragged Members) and the proposed date (which
may be an estimated date or range of dates) for the closing of the Drag-Along Transaction; provided, that the Selling Members
may elect to omit from the Drag Notice any such terms and conditions of, or information relating to, the Drag-Along Transaction if the
Selling Members determine that the disclosure thereof to the Dragged Members would have an adverse effect on the Drag-Along Transaction
or the consummation thereof, but the omission of any such terms, conditions or information shall not have any effect on the validity
of the Drag Notice.

-58- 

(b) If
a Drag Notice is delivered by the Company or by or on behalf of the Selling Members to the Dragged Members, each of the Dragged Members
shall:

(i) if
such Drag-Along Transaction is structured as a Transfer of Units (including any Transfer of Units by way of a merger of the Company with
any other Person), be obligated to Transfer to the Third Party Purchaser (subject to the other terms of this Section 9.3(b)),
at the closing of such Drag-Along Transaction, all Units held by such Dragged Member (or the applicable portion of such Dragged Members
Units that are required to be Transferred in connection with such Drag-Along Transaction, as determined in accordance with Section 9.3(c))
on purchase terms and conditions that are substantially the same as those purchase terms and conditions applicable to the Units of the
Selling Members of the same class or series (excluding any investment or reinvestment opportunity given to management of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries), free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens); provided, that (A) each Dragged Member
will receive, in respect of such Dragged Members Units that are Transferred in such Drag-Along Transaction, no less than the same
portion of the aggregate net consideration paid in such Drag-Along Transaction that such Dragged Member would have received if such aggregate
net consideration had been distributed by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1(a) (and such aggregate net consideration
shall be treated as if it was distributed by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1(a)), unless otherwise approved by such
Dragged Member, and (B) if the Selling Members are given an option as to the form of consideration to be received in exchange for
their Units of any class or series, then each of the Dragged Members shall be given the same option with respect to their Units of the
same class or series;

(ii) if
such Drag-Along Transaction is structured as a sale or transfer of assets (including by or through the sale, issuance or other disposition
of the Equity Interests of, or reorganization, merger, unit or share exchange, consolidation or other business combination involving,
any direct and/or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company), approve any subsequent dissolution and liquidation of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith and execute and/or deliver any applicable documents, instruments or agreements related
thereto;

(iii) (A) be
required to vote (including by written consent) such Dragged Members Units (to the extent of any voting rights), whether by proxy,
voting agreement or otherwise, in favor of such Drag-Along Transaction, and (B) not raise any objection against such Drag-Along
Transaction (including objections relating to the consideration being paid in connection therewith) or the process pursuant to which
it was arranged, negotiated or consummated;

-59- 

(iv) execute
and deliver any applicable purchase agreement, merger agreement, indemnity agreement, escrow agreement, letter of transmittal, release
or other agreements or documents governing or relating to such Drag-Along Transaction (on terms substantially the same as those terms
applicable to the Selling Members) that the Company, the Selling Members or the Third Party Purchaser may request and which are executed
and delivered by the Selling Members (the Drag-Along Transaction Documents), and (A) agree to or provide the
same covenants, obligations, indemnities and agreements as agreed to or provided by the Selling Members set forth therein and (B) make
the same representations and warranties as the Selling Members, on a several and not joint basis, regarding organization, existence and
good standing of such Dragged Member, the power and authority of such Dragged Member to enter into the Drag-Along Transaction, due authorization,
execution and delivery by such Dragged Member of the Drag-Along Transaction Documents and the Investment Documents, enforceability against
such Dragged Member of the Drag-Along Transaction Documents and the Investment Documents, good and marketable title (free and clear
of all Liens) of the Units of such Dragged Member, the consents and notices required to be obtained or made by such Dragged Member in
connection with such Drag-Along Transaction, no conflicts with organizational documents, contracts or law applicable to such Dragged
Member, no legal proceedings against such Dragged Member, no brokers fees owed by such Dragged Member in connection with such
Drag-Along Transaction, and other matters reasonably requested by the Third Party Purchaser with respect to such Dragged Member and related
to such Drag-Along Transaction; provided, however, that (x) no Dragged Member shall be required to provide any indemnity
relating to such Drag-Along Transaction that is in excess of the amount of gross proceeds payable to such Dragged Member in connection
with such Drag-Along Transaction (other than on account of such Dragged Members own fraud), (y) any escrow arrangement or
indemnity shall be allocated among each Selling Member and Dragged Member pro rata based upon the allocation among each such Member
of the consideration payable in respect of Units in the Drag-Along Transaction; provided, that any indemnities on account of a
Dragged Members representations and warranties described in clause (B) above or a Dragged Members own fraud
or breach of covenants shall be solely the responsibility of such Dragged Member, and (z) no Dragged Member shall be required to
provide any non-competition, non-solicitation or similar covenant other than customary confidentiality covenants;

(v) if
the Members will receive any Equity Interests (and/or any options, warrants or other securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable
or exercisable for, any Equity Interests) in the continuing, acquiring, resulting or surviving entity in the Drag-Along Transaction,
or any Affiliate thereof (the Surviving Entity), execute and deliver any applicable limited liability company agreement,
stockholders agreement, partnership agreement, investor rights agreement, voting agreement or similar agreement which relates to the
internal governance of the Surviving Entity and/or the rights or obligations of the owners of the Equity Interests (and/or any options,
warrants or other securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, any Equity Interests) in the Surviving Entity
that the Company, the Selling Members or the Third Party Purchaser may request and which are executed and delivered by the Selling Members
(the Investment Documents), and agree to or provide the same covenants, obligations and agreements as agreed to
or provided by the Selling Members set forth therein;

-60- 

(vi) use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain or make any consents or filings necessary to be obtained or made by such Dragged Member to
effectuate such Drag-Along Transaction;

(vii) without
limiting the provisions of Section 5.6, waive and refrain from exercising any appraisal, dissenters or similar rights with
respect to such Drag-Along Transaction;

(viii) not
(A) take any action that would reasonably be expected to impede or be prejudicial to such Drag-Along Transaction, (B) assert,
at any time, any claim against the Company, any member of the Board (or any committee thereof), any member of any Subsidiary Governing
Body or any other Member or any of its Affiliates (including any Selling Member and any of its Affiliates) in connection with such Drag-Along
Transaction, or (C) except as permitted under and pursuant to Article 20, disclose to any Person any information related
to such Drag-Along Transaction (including the identity of the Third Party Purchaser, the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking
place concerning such Drag-Along Transaction, or any of the terms, conditions or other information with respect to such Drag-Along Transaction);
and

(ix) take
all necessary or desirable actions reasonably requested by the Selling Members, the Third Party Purchaser and/or the Company in connection
with the consummation of such Drag-Along Transaction, including voting such Dragged Members Units (to the extent of any voting
rights), whether by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise, in favor of such Drag-Along Transaction and, if applicable, in favor of a Corporate
Conversion in connection with such Drag-Along Transaction.

(c) In
the case of a Drag-Along Transaction pursuant to which the Selling Members are collectively Transferring less than one hundred percent
(100%) of all of the Units owned or held by the Selling Members in the aggregate, each Dragged Member shall be required to Transfer
a percentage of the Units owned or held by such Dragged Member equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the total number
of Units owned or held by the Selling Members that are proposed to be Transferred in such Drag-Along Transaction by (ii) the
total number of Units owned or held by the Selling Members in the aggregate.

(d) At
the closing of any Drag-Along Transaction that is structured as a sale or other Transfer of Units in which the Selling Members have exercised
their rights under this Section 9.3, each Dragged Member shall deliver at such closing, against payment of the purchase price
therefor in accordance with the terms of the Drag-Along Transaction Documents, certificates or other documentation (or other evidence
thereof reasonably acceptable to the Third Party Purchaser) representing such Dragged Members Units to be sold, duly endorsed
for transfer or accompanied by duly endorsed instruments of transfer, and such other documents as are deemed reasonably necessary by
any one or more of the Selling Members, the Third Party Purchaser and/or the Company for the proper transfer of such Units on the books
of the Company or the Transfer Agent, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens).

-61- 

(e) Each
Selling Member and each Dragged Member will bear its pro rata share (based upon the allocation among each such Member of the consideration
payable in respect of Units in the Drag-Along Transaction) of the costs and expenses of any Drag-Along Transaction to the extent such
costs and expenses are incurred for the benefit of all Members or the Company and are not otherwise paid by the Company or the Third
Party Purchaser. Costs and expenses incurred by any Member on its own behalf will not be considered costs and expenses of the Drag-Along
Transaction and will be borne solely by such Member.

(f) The
Company shall, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers, employees, agents, contractors and others under
its control to, cooperate and assist in any proposed Drag-Along Transaction and not take any action which would reasonably be expected
to impede or be prejudicial to any such Drag-Along Transaction. Pending the completion of any proposed Drag-Along Transaction, the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to operate the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and to maintain
all existing business relationships in good standing (unless otherwise required by the Drag-Along Transaction Documents) and otherwise
comply with the terms of the Drag-Along Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(g) The
Company shall cooperate with the Selling Members to enter into a Drag-Along Transaction and to take any and all such further action in
connection therewith as the Selling Members may deem reasonably necessary or reasonably appropriate in order to consummate (or, if directed
by the Selling Members, abandon) any such Drag-Along Transaction. Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any of the Selling
Members shall have any liability if any Drag-Along Transaction is not consummated for any reason (including if the Selling Members elect
to abandon such Drag-Along Transaction for any reason or for no reason). Subject to the provisions of this Section 9.3, the
Selling Members, in exercising their rights under this Section 9.3, shall have complete discretion over the terms and conditions
of any Drag-Along Transaction effected hereby, including price, payment terms, conditions to closing, timing of closing, representations,
warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants, indemnification, releases, holdbacks and escrows. At the request of the Selling
Members, the Board shall authorize and direct the Company and/or any now or hereafter created Subsidiary of the Company to execute such
agreements, documents, applications, authorizations, registration statements and instruments as they may deem reasonably necessary or
reasonably appropriate in connection with any Drag-Along Transaction.

-62- 

(h) IN
ORDER TO SECURE THE OBLIGATIONS OF EACH DRAGGED MEMBER TO VOTE SUCH DRAGGED MEMBERS UNITS IN FAVOR OF A DRAG-ALONG TRANSACTION
AND (WITHOUT LIMITING THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5.6) TO WAIVE ANY APPRAISAL, DISSENTERS OR SIMILAR RIGHTS THAT SUCH DRAGGED
MEMBER HAS (OR MAY HAVE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY DRAG-ALONG TRANSACTION, IN EACH CASE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.3(b),
EACH DRAGGED MEMBER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY APPOINTS THE SELLING MEMBERS (AND EACH OF THEM) AS SUCH DRAGGED MEMBERS TRUE AND LAWFUL
PROXY AND ATTORNEY, WITH FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION, TO VOTE ALL UNITS OWNED OR HELD BY SUCH DRAGGED MEMBER OR OVER WHICH SUCH DRAGGED
MEMBER HAS VOTING CONTROL TO EFFECTUATE SUCH VOTES AND WAIVERS FOR THE DURATION OF THE EXISTENCE OF THE COMPANY. IN ADDITION, IN
ORDER TO SECURE THE OBLIGATIONS OF EACH DRAGGED MEMBER TO EXECUTE AND DELIVER THE DRAG-ALONG TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND, IF APPLICABLE,
THE INVESTMENT DOCUMENTS, AND TO TAKE ACTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONSUMMATION OF A DRAG-ALONG TRANSACTION, IN EACH CASE AS SET
FORTH IN SECTION 9.3(b), EACH DRAGGED MEMBER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY GRANTS TO THE SELLING MEMBERS (AND EACH OF THEM) A POWER-OF-ATTORNEY
TO SIGN ANY AND ALL SUCH DRAG-ALONG TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND, IF APPLICABLE, INVESTMENT DOCUMENTS, AND TO TAKE ANY AND ALL
SUCH ACTIONS, IN THE NAME AND ON BEHALF OF SUCH DRAGGED MEMBER. THE PROXIES AND POWERS OF ATTORNEY GRANTED BY EACH DRAGGED MEMBER
PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 9.3(h) ARE COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST, ARE IRREVOCABLE, AND SHALL NOT BE AFFECTED BY AND SHALL
SURVIVE THE DEATH, INCOMPETENCY, INCAPACITY, DISABILITY, MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY, LIQUIDATION OR
DISSOLUTION OF ANY DRAGGED MEMBER.

(i) Any
Class B Units Transferred in a Drag-Along Transaction by a Selling Member or a Dragged Member shall immediately and automatically
convert into Class A Units upon the consummation of such Drag-Along Transaction, as determined by the Board.

(j) A
Transfer of Units in a Drag-Along Transaction by a Selling Member or a Dragged Member pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall
not be subject to the requirements of (i) Section 9.1 (other than Section 9.1(a)(i)) or (ii) Section 9.7.

(k) For
the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Company and the Dragged Members pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall apply irrespective
of the amount of consideration (if any) to be paid to each Dragged Member pursuant to the Drag-Along Transaction.

-63- 

9.4 Tag-Along
Transactions.

(a) In
the event that one or more Members (acting alone or with other Members) who own or hold Class A Units (each, an Initiating
Holder and, collectively, the Initiating Holders) desire to effect a Tag-Along Transaction, the Initiating
Holders (or a designated representative acting on their behalf) shall deliver written notice (a Sale Notice) to
all other Members that own or hold Class A Units (each, a Tag-Along Seller and, collectively, the Tag-Along
Sellers) and the Company, in accordance with Section 19.5, at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the consummation
of such Tag-Along Transaction, offering the Tag-Along Sellers the opportunity to participate in such Tag-Along Transaction on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Sale Notice (which terms and conditions shall be the same as those terms and conditions (including at
the same price) applicable to the Initiating Holders (except that if the Initiating Holders are given an option as to the form of consideration
to be received in exchange for their Class A Units, each of the Tag-Along Sellers shall only need to be given the same option with
respect to their Class A Units)); provided, however, that if the consideration to be paid in such Tag-Along Transaction
consists, in whole or in part, of securities or any other non-cash consideration, then any Member that is not an Accredited Investor
or any Member who does not, promptly following the request of the Initiating Holders or the Transferee in such Tag-Along Transaction
(but in any event within three (3) Business Days after receipt of any such request), certify to the Initiating Holders and the Transferee
in such Tag-Along Transaction that such Member is an Accredited Investor shall not be offered the opportunity to participate in such
Tag-Along Transaction and shall not be deemed a Tag-Along Seller for purposes of such Tag-Along Transaction. The Sale Notice shall contain
a general description of the material terms and conditions of the Tag-Along Transaction, including the total number of Class A Units
proposed to be Transferred, the proposed amount and form of consideration for the Class A Units proposed to be Transferred, and
copies of any Tag-Along Transaction Documents that the Tag-Along Sellers will be required to execute and deliver in connection with such
Tag-Along Transaction (to the extent such documents exist and are in substantially final form at the time such Sale Notice is delivered
to the Tag-Along Sellers).

(b) Each
Tag-Along Seller may, by written notice (each, an Acceptance Notice) delivered to the Initiating Holders (or their
designated representative) within five (5) Business Days after delivery of the Sale Notice to such Tag-Along Seller, elect to Transfer
Class A Units in such Tag-Along Transaction, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Sale Notice; provided, however,
that if the proposed Transferee in the Tag-Along Transaction desires to purchase a number of Class A Units that is less than the
aggregate number of Class A Units proposed to be Transferred by the Initiating Holders and all Tag-Along Sellers electing to Transfer
Class A Units in the Tag-Along Transaction, then the Initiating Holders may elect to either (i) terminate such Tag-Along Transaction
with respect to the Initiating Holders and each Tag-Along Seller or (ii) consummate such Tag-Along Transaction on the basis of such
lesser number of Class A Units and, upon such election to consummate the Tag-Along Transaction, each Initiating Holder and each
electing Tag-Along Seller shall be permitted to Transfer to such Transferee up to that number of Class A Units owned or held by
such Initiating Holder or such Tag-Along Seller, as the case may be, equal to the product of (x) the total number of Class A
Units to be acquired by the Transferee in the proposed Tag-Along Transaction and (y) such Initiating Holders or such Tag-Along
Sellers (as applicable) proportionate percentage of the issued and outstanding Class A Units collectively owned or held by
the Initiating Holders and all electing Tag-Along Sellers; provided, further, that if at any time after delivery of a Sale
Notice there is a change in the price or other material change in the terms or conditions of the proposed Tag-Along Transaction described
in such Sale Notice, then the Initiating Holders shall deliver a revised Sale Notice to all Tag-Along Sellers indicating such revised
price and/or other material change, and each Tag-Along Seller shall have an additional five (5) Business Days after delivery of
the revised Sale Notice to indicate whether or not it elects to Transfer Class A Units in such Tag-Along Transaction, on the terms
and conditions set forth in the revised Sale Notice (it being understood and agreed that if a Tag-Along Seller elected to Transfer Class A
Units in such Tag-Along Transaction prior to the commencement of such additional five-Business Day period, then such election will remain
in effect unless such Tag-Along Seller revokes, amends or otherwise modifies such election in writing prior to the expiration of such
additional five-Business Day period).

-64- 

(c) In
connection with any Tag-Along Transaction in which any Tag-Along Seller elects to participate pursuant to this Section 9.4,
each such Tag-Along Seller shall take all necessary or desirable actions reasonably requested by the Initiating Holders and/or the Transferee
in such Tag-Along Transaction in connection with the consummation of such Tag-Along Transaction, including (A) executing and delivering
the applicable purchase agreement, merger agreement, indemnity agreement, escrow agreement, letter of transmittal, release or other agreements
or documents governing or relating to such Tag-Along Transaction that the Initiating Holders or the Transferee in such Tag-Along Transaction
may request (the Tag-Along Transaction Documents), and (B) if the Initiating Holders and the Tag-Along Sellers
will receive any Equity Interests (and/or any options, warrants or other securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable
for, any Equity Interests) in the Transferee or any other Person in connection with such Tag-Along Transaction, executing and delivering
any applicable limited liability company agreement, stockholders agreement, partnership agreement, investor rights agreement, voting
agreement or similar agreement which relates to the internal governance of such Transferee or such other Person and/or the rights or
obligations of the owners of the Equity Interests (and/or any options, warrants or other securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable
or exercisable for, any Equity Interests) in such Transferee or such other Person that Initiating Holders or the Transferee may request
and which are executed and delivered by the Initiating Holders. In connection with any Tag-Along Transaction that complies with this
Section 9.4, no Member (whether or not a Tag-Along Seller) shall (i) take any action that would reasonably be expected
to impede or be prejudicial to such Tag-Along Transaction, (ii) assert, at any time, any claim against the Company, any member of
the Board (or any committee thereof), any member of any Subsidiary Governing Body or any other Member or any of its Affiliates (including
any Initiating Holder and any of its Affiliates) in connection with such Tag-Along Transaction, or (iii) except as permitted under
and pursuant to Article 20, disclose to any Person any information related to such Tag-Along Transaction (including the identity
of the Transferee, the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning such Tag-Along Transaction, or any of the terms,
conditions or other information with respect to such Tag-Along Transaction).

(d) At
the closing of any Tag-Along Transaction in which any Tag-Along Seller has elected to participate under this Section 9.4,
such Tag-Along Seller shall deliver at such closing, against payment of the consideration therefor in accordance with the terms of the
Tag-Along Transaction Documents, certificates or other documentation (or other evidence thereof reasonably acceptable to the Transferee
in such Tag-Along Transaction) representing its Class A Units to be Transferred, duly endorsed for transfer or accompanied by duly
endorsed instruments of transfer, and such other documents as are deemed reasonably necessary by the Initiating Holders, the Transferee
in such Tag-Along Transaction and/or the Company for the proper Transfer of such Class A Units on the books of the Company or the
Transfer Agent, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens).

-65- 

(e) Each
Initiating Holder and each Tag-Along Seller electing to participate in a Tag-Along Transaction under this Section 9.4 will
bear its pro rata share (based upon the allocation among each such Member of the consideration payable in respect of Class A
Units in the Tag-Along Transaction) of the costs and expenses of any such Tag-Along Transaction to the extent such costs and expenses
are incurred for the benefit of all such Members and are not otherwise paid by the Company or the Transferee. Costs and expenses incurred
by any such Member on its own behalf will not be considered costs of the Tag-Along Transaction and will be borne solely by such Member.

(f) Subject
to the provisions of this Section 9.4, the Initiating Holders shall have complete discretion over the terms and conditions
of any Tag-Along Transaction, including price, payment terms, conditions to closing, timing of closing, representations, warranties,
affirmative covenants, negative covenants, indemnification, releases, holdbacks and escrows. Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
nor any of the Initiating Holders shall have any liability if any Tag-Along Transaction is not consummated for any reason (including
if the Initiating Holders elect to abandon such Tag-Along Transaction for any reason or for no reason).

(g) The
Company shall, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers, employees, agents, contractors and others under
its control to, cooperate and assist in any proposed Tag-Along Transaction and not take any action which would reasonably be expected
to impede or be prejudicial to any such Tag-Along Transaction. Pending the completion of any proposed Tag-Along Transaction, the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to operate the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and to maintain
all existing business relationships in good standing (unless otherwise required by the Tag-Along Transaction Documents) and otherwise
comply with the terms of the Tag-Along Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(h) If
any Tag-Along Seller electing to participate in a Tag-Along Transaction materially breaches any of its obligations under this Section 9.4
in respect of such Tag-Along Transaction or any of its representations or obligations under any of the Tag-Along Transaction Documents,
then, (i) at the option of the Initiating Holders, such Tag-Along Seller will not be permitted to participate in such Tag-Along
Transaction and the Initiating Holders can proceed to close such Tag-Along Transaction excluding the sale of such Tag-Along Sellers
Class A Units therefrom and, (ii) at the option of the Initiating Holders, the number of Class A Units to be Transferred
by the Initiating Holders and the Tag-Along Sellers (excluding the breaching Tag-Along Seller) shall be recalculated pursuant to clause (ii) of
Section 9.4(b) excluding the breaching Tag-Along Seller from such calculation.

-66- 

(i) The
Initiating Holders shall have the right for a period of ninety (90) days after the expiration of the latest five (5) Business Day
period referred to in Section 9.4(b) to consummate the Tag-Along Transaction. In the event that the Initiating Holders
have not consummated the Tag-Along Transaction within such ninety-day period, the Initiating Holders shall not thereafter consummate
such Tag-Along Transaction unless the Initiating Holders again comply with the terms of this Section 9.4; provided,
however, that if such Tag-Along Transaction is unable to be consummated within such ninety-day period as a result of antitrust
or other regulatory delay, then such ninety-day period shall be extended on account of such delay as necessary to permit the Initiating
Holders to effect such Tag-Along Transaction.

(j) The
exercise or non-exercise of the rights of any of the Members under this Section 9.4 to participate in one or more Tag-Along
Transactions shall not adversely affect their rights to participate in subsequent Tag-Along Transactions subject to this Section 9.4.

9.5 Appointment
of Purchaser Representative. If the Selling Members enter into any negotiation or transaction for which Rule 506 of Regulation D
(or any similar rule then in effect) promulgated by the SEC may be available with respect to such negotiation or transaction (including
a merger, consolidation or other reorganization), each Dragged Member who is not an Accredited Investor shall, at the request of the
Company or the Selling Members, appoint a purchaser representative (as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D)
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Selling Members in connection with such negotiation or transaction.

9.6 Preemptive
Rights.

(a) After
the Effective Date, the Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell or issue to any Person (including
any then-current Member) any (i) Equity Interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) options, warrants or other
securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, any Equity Interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(any such Equity Interests, options, warrants or securities, collectively, the Additional Securities) (other than
pursuant to an Excluded Issuance), unless the Company or its applicable Subsidiary first submits written notice (a Preemptive
Rights Notice) to each Significant Member identifying the material terms of the Additional Securities (including the price,
number or amount and type of Additional Securities, and all other material terms thereof) and offers to each Significant Member that
also demonstrates to the Companys reasonable satisfaction that such Significant Member is an Accredited Investor (any such Significant
Member, a Preemptive Member and, collectively, the Preemptive Members) the opportunity to purchase
up to a portion of the Additional Securities (a Pro Rata Portion) on such terms and conditions set forth in the
Preemptive Rights Notice. A Preemptive Members Pro Rata Portion shall be equal to the product of (1) the total number or
amount of Additional Securities subject to the sale or issuance and (2) a fraction, (A) the numerator of which is the number
of Class A Units then owned or held by such Preemptive Member, and (B) the denominator of which is the total number of Class A
Units then owned or held by all Preemptive Members collectively.

-67- 

(b) The
Companys or its applicable Subsidiarys offer to each Preemptive Member shall remain open for a period of thirty (30) days
after the Preemptive Rights Notice is delivered to such Preemptive Member in accordance with Section 19.5. A Preemptive Member
may accept such offer by delivering written notice of such acceptance to the Company prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day
period, which notice shall set forth the number or amount of such Additional Securities to be purchased by such Preemptive Member (which,
in any event, shall not exceed the number or amount equal to such Preemptive Members Pro Rata Portion). If not all Preemptive
Members subscribe for their full respective Pro Rata Portions, then the Company shall notify in writing the fully-subscribing Preemptive
Members of such fact and shall offer, or cause its applicable Subsidiary to offer, such fully-subscribing Preemptive Members the right
to acquire such unsubscribed Additional Securities on the terms set forth in the Preemptive Rights Notice. Each fully-subscribing Preemptive
Member shall have the right to elect to purchase up to its pro rata share of such unsubscribed Additional Securities (in proportion to
the Pro Rata Portions of all fully-subscribing Preemptive Members), by delivering written notice to the Company within two (2) Business
Days from the date such offer from the Company or its applicable Subsidiary is delivered to such Preemptive Member. To the extent the
procedure described in the preceding sentence does not result in the subscription of all unsubscribed Additional Securities, such procedure
shall be repeated until there are no unsubscribed Additional Securities or until no Preemptive Member has elected to purchase additional
unsubscribed Additional Securities.

(c) In
the event that any Additional Securities are not subscribed for by the Preemptive Members in accordance with this Section 9.6,
the Company or its applicable Subsidiary will have ninety (90) days after the expiration of the last period in which Preemptive
Members are entitled to subscribe for Additional Securities to issue or sell the unsubscribed Additional Securities, at a price and upon
other terms no more favorable to a purchaser of Additional Securities, in the aggregate, than those specified in the Preemptive Rights
Notice delivered to the Preemptive Members pursuant to Section 9.6(a). Following the earlier to occur of (i) the date
the Company or its applicable Subsidiary issues or sells all such unsubscribed Additional Securities and (ii) the date of the expiration
of the ninety (90) day period referred to in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company or its applicable Subsidiary will not
issue or sell any Additional Securities (other than pursuant to an Excluded Issuance) without first offering such Additional Securities
to each of the Preemptive Members in the manner provided in this Section 9.6.

-68- 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company may comply with its obligations under this Section 9.6 by first selling
or issuing to (or causing its applicable Subsidiary to sell or issue to) one or more Preemptive Members and/or any of their respective
Affiliates (each, a Specified Preemptive Member and, collectively, the Specified Preemptive Members)
all or any portion of the Additional Securities contemplated to be issued or sold, and, promptly thereafter, offering to issue or sell
to the Preemptive Members (other than the Specified Preemptive Members) (each, an Other Preemptive Member and, collectively,
the Other Preemptive Members) the number or amount of such Additional Securities the Other Preemptive Members would
have been entitled to purchase pursuant to this Section 9.6 by applying Sections 9.6(a) and 9.6(b) as
if the Company or its applicable Subsidiary had not first issued or sold all or the applicable portion of the Additional Securities to
the Specified Preemptive Members but rather had offered to issue or sell all of the Additional Securities to all Preemptive Members at
the same time in accordance with the terms of those Sections; provided, however, that the Company or its applicable Subsidiary
shall be permitted to pay the Specified Preemptive Members a reasonable fee or premium (which may be non-refundable) in connection with
the sale of such Additional Securities to such Specified Preemptive Members, and it shall not be required that such fee or premium be
shared with the Other Preemptive Members or taken into account in connection with the price to be paid by the Other Preemptive Members
for such Additional Securities. In the event that any Other Preemptive Member purchases Additional Securities pursuant to any such offer
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence and, as a result thereof, the Specified Preemptive Members would not have been permitted
to purchase all of the Additional Securities they had purchased if all of the Additional Securities contemplated to be issued or sold
had instead been offered to all Preemptive Members at the same time in accordance with Sections 9.6(a) and 9.6(b),
then the Specified Preemptive Members shall sell or transfer to the Company or its applicable Subsidiary, for a price equal to the original
cost thereof (plus any accrued and unpaid yield or interest thereon, if applicable, but without reducing such cost by any fee or premium
received by the Specified Preemptive Members in connection therewith), the excess number or amount of Additional Securities that had
been acquired by the Specified Preemptive Members.

(e) If
the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries desires to sell or issue (other than in an Excluded Issuance) (i) any Additional Securities
and (ii) any indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that do not otherwise constitute Additional
Securities, and the items described in clauses (i) and (ii) are to be sold or issued together in unit increments
(or in any other stapled or attached form), then such unit increments shall be deemed Additional Securities for purposes of this Section 9.6
and the provisions of this Section 9.6 shall apply to such unit increments.

9.7 Right
of First Offer.

(a) If
at any time a Member (such Member, the Offering Member) wishes to effect a ROFO Transaction, such Offering Member
shall first deliver written notice (a ROFO Notice) to the Company and to each Major Member (each, a ROFO
Member), in accordance with Section 19.5, of its desire to effect a ROFO Transaction. The ROFO Notice shall (i) contain
a description of the material terms and conditions of the ROFO Transaction, including the number of Units proposed to be transferred
(the Offered Units) and the purchase price (which purchase price must be exclusively in cash) (such material terms
and conditions, collectively, the Proposed Terms), and (ii) offer the ROFO Members the right to acquire the
Offered Units on the Proposed Terms in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.7.

-69- 

(b) For
a period of ten (10) Business Days after delivery of the ROFO Notice to the ROFO Members (the ROFO Period),
each ROFO Member shall have the right (the Right of First Offer) to elect by delivering written notice (a Purchase
Notice) to the Offering Member to purchase, on the Proposed Terms, up to its ROFO Portion of the Offered Units; provided,
however, that if any ROFO Member is a Counterparty and elects to provide Counterparty Excluded Information to the Offering Member
pursuant to Section 9.8 prior to the expiration of such 10-Business Day period, then the ROFO Period shall instead be deemed
to commence on such date that, following the receipt by the Offering Member of such Counterparty Excluded Information, either (i) the
Offering Member has reaffirmed to the ROFO Members in writing its intention to Transfer the Offered Units or (ii) if the Offering
Member has not made such reaffirmation, is three (3) Business Days after the Offering Members receipt of such Counterparty
Excluded Information; provided, further, that if the Offering Member receives Counterparty Excluded Information from a
Counterparty and the Offering Member intends to proceed with the Transfer of the Offered Units, then, within three (3) Business
Days after the Offering Members receipt of such Counterparty Excluded Information, the Offering Member may offer to provide such
Counterparty Excluded Information to any ROFO Member that does not have possession of such Counterparty Excluded Information, in which
case (A) if such ROFO Member agrees to be provided with such Counterparty Excluded Information and the Offering Member provides
such Counterparty Excluded Information to such ROFO Member, then the ROFO Period shall instead be deemed to commence on such date that
such ROFO Member receives such Counterparty Excluded Information, or (B) if such ROFO Member refuses to receive such Counterparty
Excluded Information, then such ROFO Member shall be excluded from the definition of ROFO Member solely with respect to
the Transfer of the Offered Units (it being understood and agreed that if such ROFO Member does not agree to receive the Counterparty
Excluded Information within two (2) Business Days following such ROFO Members receipt of the offer from the Offering Member
to be provided such Counterparty Excluded Information, then such ROFO Member shall be deemed to have refused to receive such Counterparty
Excluded Information). Any Counterparty Excluded Information provided to an Offering Member or a ROFO Member pursuant to this Section 9.7(b) shall
be subject to the terms of Article 20. During the ROFO Period (but not after the end of the ROFO Period), any offer to purchase
by the ROFO Members and the offer to sell by the Offering Member shall, in each case, be revocable.

(c) A
ROFO Members ROFO Portion shall be equal to the product of (i) the total number of Offered Units and
(ii) a fraction, (A) the numerator of which is the number of Class A Units then owned or held by such ROFO Member, and
(B) the denominator of which is the total number of Class A Units then owned or held by all ROFO Members collectively. If not
all ROFO Members subscribe for their full respective ROFO Portions by the expiration of the ROFO Period, then the Offering Member shall
notify in writing the fully-subscribing ROFO Members and the Company of such fact and offer such fully-subscribing ROFO Members the right
to acquire such unsubscribed Offered Units on the Proposed Terms. Each fully-subscribing ROFO Member shall have the right to elect to
purchase its pro rata share of such unsubscribed Offered Units (in proportion to the ROFO Portions of all fully-subscribing ROFO
Members), by delivering written notice to the Offering Member and the Company, within two (2) Business Days from the date the notice
from the Offering Member is delivered to such ROFO Members. To the extent the procedure described in the preceding sentence does not
result in the subscription of all unsubscribed Offered Units, such procedure shall be repeated until either (x) there are no unsubscribed
Offered Units or (y) no ROFO Member elects to purchase any unsubscribed Offered Units (as set forth in this Section 9.7(c)).

-70- 

(d) If
one or more ROFO Members elect to purchase all of the Offered Units, the closing for such purchase and sale shall take place within fifteen
(15) Business Days after the expiration of the ROFO Period or, if applicable, the expiration of the last period in which ROFO Members
could elect to purchase Offered Units pursuant to Section 9.7(c). Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if the
ROFO Members do not elect to exercise the Right of First Offer with respect to all Offered Units, then Offering Member shall not have
an obligation to sell any Offered Units to any of the ROFO Members.

(e) At
the closing of any purchase and sale of Offered Units under this Section 9.7, (i) the Offering Member shall deliver,
against payment of the purchase price therefor, in accordance with the Proposed Terms, certificates or other documentation (or other
evidence thereof reasonably acceptable to the Company and/or the ROFO Members) representing such Offered Units, duly endorsed for transfer
or accompanied by duly endorsed instruments of transfer, and such other documents as are deemed reasonably necessary by the Company and/or
the ROFO Members for the proper transfer of such Offered Units on the books of the Company or the Transfer Agent, free and clear of any
Liens (other than Permitted Liens), and (ii) the ROFO Members that have elected to purchase Offered Units shall deliver to the Offering
Member the purchase price for such Offered Units in accordance with the Proposed Terms.

(f) In
the event that the ROFO Members do not elect to exercise their Right of First Offer purchase rights under this Section 9.7
with respect to all of the Offered Units, then the Offering Member will have ninety (90) days after the expiration of the ROFO Period
or, if applicable, the expiration of the last period in which ROFO Members could elect to purchase Offered Units pursuant to Section 9.7(c) to
sell or Transfer all (but not less than all) of the Offered Units not sold to the ROFO Members to a third party (subject to compliance
with the terms set forth in this Agreement, including Section 9.4, if applicable), at a purchase price in cash that is no
lower than the purchase price specified in the ROFO Notice and upon other terms that are, in the aggregate, no more favorable to the
third party than the Proposed Terms specified in the ROFO Notice. In the event the Offering Member has not sold all of such Offered Units
within such ninety-day period, the Offering Member shall not thereafter sell or Transfer such Offered Units (other than in an Excluded
ROFO Transfer) without first offering such Offered Units to the ROFO Members in the manner provided in this Section 9.7;
provided, however, that if the ROFO Transaction with a third party is unable to be consummated within such ninety-day period
as a result of antitrust or other regulatory delay, then such ninety-day period shall be extended on account of such delay as necessary
to permit the Offering Member to effect such ROFO Transaction.

(g) Any
Class B Unit that is Transferred to a ROFO Member pursuant to the exercise of the Right of First Offer pursuant to this Section 9.7
will automatically convert into a Class A Unit simultaneously with the consummation of such Transfer.

-71- 

(h) Upon
the delivery of any ROFO Notice, if requested by any ROFO Member, the Company shall inform such ROFO Member if the Company believes such
ROFO Member possesses material non-public information regarding the Company.

9.8 Transfers
Among Members. Each Member acknowledges and agrees, with respect to any Transfer by, with, to or from any Designating Member or any
Observer Member (any such Member, a Counterparty) that (a) no Counterparty has made any representation or warranty,
express or implied, regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the Units, and any such purported representations or warranties
are expressly disclaimed and waived and such Member has not relied upon and expressly disclaims reliance upon any such purported representations
or warranties; and (b) a Counterparty may have, or may come into possession of, information with respect to the Units, the Company
or its Subsidiaries that may constitute material non-public information or information that is not known to other Members and that may
be material to a decision to the purchase or sale of Units by, with, to or from such Counterparty (Counterparty Excluded Information).
In connection with any such purchase or sale of Units by, with, to or from a Counterparty, such Counterparty may, in its sole discretion,
disclose any or all Counterparty Excluded Information in such Counterpartys possession to the applicable Member purchasing or
selling Units, including any Offering Member or Tag-Along Seller, which Counterparty Excluded Information shall be subject to the terms
of Article 20. Within three (3) Business Days of receiving such Counterparty Excluded Information, the applicable Member,
including any applicable Offering Member, ROFO Member, Initiating Holder or Tag-Along Seller, may revoke its purchase or sale, including
its ROFO Notice, Purchase Notice, Sale Notice or Acceptance Notice, as applicable. Each Member irrevocably and unconditionally waives
and releases the Company, the Counterparty and their respective Affiliates from any and all claims (whether for Damages, rescission or
any other relief) that it might have against the Company, any member of the Board (or any committee thereof), any member of any Subsidiary
Governing Body, the Counterparty or any of their respective Affiliates, whether under applicable securities laws or otherwise, with respect
to any Counterparty Excluded Information in connection with such purchase or sale, and each Member agrees not to solicit or encourage,
directly or indirectly, any other Person to assert any such claim. Each Member further confirms that it understands the significance
of the foregoing waiver.

Article 10

FISCAL YEAR; BOOKS OF ACCOUNT; REPORTS

10.1 Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Company (the Fiscal Year) shall be established by the Board.

10.2 Books
and Records. The books and records of the Company may be kept at such place or places as may be from time to time designated by the
Board. The Company shall keep correct and complete books and records of account, including the amount of its assets and liabilities,
minutes of its proceedings of its Members and the Board (and any committee of the Board) and the names and places of residence of
its officers.

10.3 Tax
Information. The Company shall, as a Company expense, as soon as reasonably practicable after the end of each Fiscal Year, furnish
the Members with all necessary tax reporting information required by the Members for the preparation of their respective federal, state
and local income tax returns, including each Members Schedule K-1 or analogous schedule. The Company shall use reasonable efforts
to cause all federal, state and local income and other tax returns to be timely filed by the Company, and shall supervise the Companys
accountant in the preparation of the Companys tax returns, which returns shall be signed by an authorized Member or representative
on behalf of the Company and co-signed by the Companys accountant as preparer.

-72- 

10.4 Tax
Elections and Accounting. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all decisions as to accounting principles, whether for
the Companys books or for income tax purposes (and such decisions may be different for each such purpose), all elections available
to the Company under applicable tax law and the treatment of all transactions on the Companys tax returns, shall be made by the
Board, in consultation with the Companys tax advisors. The Company will not undertake any activity or fail to take any action
that will cause the Company to earn or to be allocated income other than qualifying income as defined in Code Section 7704(d), except
to the extent permitted under Code Section 7704(c)(2). The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its affairs
in a manner so as not to be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
will use commercially reasonable efforts not to take any action that would result in the Members being allocated income that is treated
as effectively connected with the conduct or a trade or business within the United States as defined in Code Section 864(c) (including
income described in Code Section 897), unrelated business taxable income as defined in Code Sections 512 and 514 or
commercial activity income as defined in Code Section 892. The Board may, at the time and in the manner provided in
Treasury Regulations Section 1.754-1(b), cause the Company to elect pursuant to Code Section 754 to adjust the tax bases
of the assets of the Company in the manner provided in Code Sections 734 and 743, and may make comparable elections under comparable
provisions of state, local, or foreign tax law.

10.5 Company
Representative.

(a) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Board, and subject to the terms of this Agreement, an officer of the Company or a Manager designated by the Board
shall have full power and authority to act for the Company and the Members as the partnership representative (the Company
Representative) under Code Section 6223 (as modified by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, as amended (and any comparable
provisions of state or local tax law), the BB Act), with all the rights and responsibilities of that position described
in Code Sections 6222-32 and to act in any similar capacity under applicable state or local law. The Company Representative shall keep
the Members reasonably informed of the progress of any tax audits or examinations. The Company shall reimburse the Company Representative
for all third party costs and expenses, and any other costs and expenses, incurred by it in the exercise of the rights and/or the performance
of the responsibilities referred to in this Section 10.5. The Company Representative shall, to the extent permissible, make
the election contemplated by Code Section 6226 (as modified by the BB Act). The Company Representative shall take no material action
with respect to any significant tax controversy matter without the authorization of the Board, other than such action as may be required
by law and will take such actions as the Board may authorize and direct. Each Member shall provide to the Company Representative all
information reasonably necessary to allow the Company Representative to make an election under Code Section 6226 (as modified by
the BB Act). Each Member agrees that, upon request of the Company Representative, such Member shall take such reasonable actions as may
be necessary or desirable (as reasonably determined by the Company Representative) to allow the Company to comply with the provisions
of Code Section 6226 so that any partnership adjustments are taken into account by the Members rather than the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to other limitations expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Member agrees, upon request
of the Company Representative, that such Member shall provide such information, pay such amounts, and take into account such adjustments
as are required to utilize the alternative pull-in procedure, in accordance with Code Section 6225(c)(2)(B) relating
thereto to modify an imputed underpayment.

-73- 

(b) In
the event the Company incurs any liability for taxes, interest or penalties pursuant to the BB Act:

(i) then
any imputed underpayment (as determined in accordance with Code Section 6225) or partnership adjustment
that does not give rise to an imputed underpayment shall be apportioned among the Members for the taxable year in which
the adjustment is finalized in such manner as may be necessary (as determined by the Board) so that, to the maximum extent possible,
the tax and economic consequences of the partnership adjustment and any associated interest and penalties are borne by the Members based
upon their interests in the Company for the reviewed year;

(ii) the
Company Representative shall request the Members (including any former Member) to whom such liability relates, as determined by the Board
in its reasonable discretion, to pay, and each such Member hereby agrees to pay, such amount to the Company and such amount shall not
be treated as a Capital Contribution for purposes of any provision herein that affects Distributions to the Members;

(iii) without
reduction in any Members (or former Members) obligation under the foregoing clause (ii), any amount paid by the
Company that is attributable to a Member (or former Member), as determined by the Company Representative in its reasonable discretion,
and that is not paid by such Member pursuant to clause (ii) shall be treated for purposes of Article 13 as a
Distribution to such Member (or former Member); and

(iv) the
obligations of each Member (or former Member) under this Section 10.5 shall survive the Transfer by such Member of its Units
and the dissolution of the Company.

10.6 Required
Records. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each Member hereby waives its rights under Section 18-305(a) of
the Act to obtain the information specified therein; provided, however, that to the extent that, notwithstanding such waiver,
any such Member is entitled to receive such information, the receipt thereof shall be subject to all of the limitations set forth in
Section 18-305 of the Act (including the right of the Managers to keep certain information confidential from the Members pursuant
to Section 18-305(c) of the Act), and shall be limited to review of the Companys general ledger and those financial
statements derived from it; provided, further, that the review of such information shall be at the sole cost and expense
of such Member, during regular business hours of the Company, upon reasonable advance notice, in a manner as would not be unreasonably
disruptive to the business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and subject to such other standards as may be established
by the Board from time to time. Except as expressly required by non-waivable provisions of applicable law and except as expressly set
forth in, and subject to the conditions and limitations of, Section 10.3 and Section 17.1, the Members shall
have no rights to obtain, examine or inspect, or make copies or extracts of, any documents, materials or information relating to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, assets, operations, properties, financial and other conditions,
prospects, or members, partners or shareholders.

-74- 

10.7 Audits
of Books and Accounts. The Companys books and accounts shall be audited at such times and by such auditors as shall be specified
and designated by vote or written consent of the Board.

Article 11

CAPITAL

11.1 Capital
Contributions. The Capital Contributions of the Members made, or deemed to have been made, prior to or on the Effective Date are
set forth in the Register of Members. To the extent that any Member shall make any additional Capital Contributions to the Company, the
Company shall instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to amend and update the Register of Members
to reflect such additional Capital Contributions.

11.2 No
Right to Return of Contribution. No Member shall have the right to the withdrawal or to the return of such Members Capital
Contributions, except upon the dissolution and liquidation of the Company pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Article 15.

11.3 Additional
Capital Contributions. After the Effective Date, no Member will be obligated to make any further Capital Contributions to the Company.

11.4 Loans
to the Company; No Interest on Capital. The Members may, but are not obligated to, make loans or provide other extensions of credit
to the Company from time to time (including by the purchase of debt securities issued by the Company), as authorized by the Board and
to the extent permitted under applicable law. Any such loans or extensions of credit shall not be treated as Capital Contributions to
the Company for any purpose under this Agreement nor entitle such Member to any increase in its share of the Profits and Losses and Distributions,
but the Company shall be obligated to such Member for the amount of any such loans or extensions of credit pursuant to the terms thereof,
as the same are determined by the Board and such Member. Interest with respect to the outstanding amount of any loans or other extensions
of credit made or provided by a Member to the Company shall accrue and be payable at such times and at such rates as is determined by
the Board and such Member. No interest shall be paid on any Capital Contribution to the Company or on any balance in any Capital Account.

-75- 

11.5 Creditors
Interest in the Company. No creditor who makes a loan or otherwise extends credit to the Company shall have or acquire at any time
as a result of making the loan or providing the extension of credit any direct or indirect interest in the profits, capital or property
of the Company, other than such interest as may be accorded to a secured creditor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to other
limitations expressly set forth in this Agreement, this provision shall not prohibit in any manner whatsoever a secured creditor from
participating in the profits of operation or gross or net sales of the Company or in the gain on sale or refinancing of the Company,
all as may be provided in its loan or security agreements.

11.6 Capital
Accounts.

(a) The
Company shall establish and maintain a separate Capital Account for each Member in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) To
each Members Capital Account there shall be credited such Members Capital Contributions, such Members allocable
share of Profits, and any items in the nature of income or gain that are specially allocated to such Member under this Agreement, and
the amount of any Company liabilities that are assumed by such Member in accordance with the terms hereof (other than liabilities that
are secured by any Company property distributed to such Member that such Member is considered to assume or take subject to under Code
Section 752).

(ii) To
each Members Capital Account there shall be debited the amount of cash and the Gross Asset Value of any Company property distributed
to such Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement (net of liabilities secured by such distributed property that such Member
is considered to assume or take subject to under Code Section 752), such Members allocable share of Losses, and any items
in the nature of expenses or losses that are specially allocated to such Member under this Agreement, and the amount of any liabilities
of such Member that are assumed by the Company (other than liabilities that are secured by any property contributed by such Member to
the Company that the Company is considered to assume or take subject to under Code Section 752).

(iii) In
the event any Unit is Transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Transferee shall succeed to the Capital Account
of the Transferor to the extent it relates to the Transferred Unit. In the case of a sale or exchange of a Unit at a time when an election
under Code Section 754 is in effect, the Capital Account of the Transferee Member shall not be adjusted to reflect the adjustments
to the adjusted tax bases of Company property required under Code Sections 754 and 743, except as otherwise permitted by Treasury
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m).

-76- 

(iv) In
determining the amount of any liability for purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, there shall be taken
into account Code Section 752(c) and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and any other applicable provisions of
the Code and Regulations.

(b) This
Section 11.6 and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply
with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2, and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent
with such Regulations. The Boards determination of Capital Accounts shall be binding upon all Members, except as otherwise required
by law.

11.7 Return
of Capital. No Member shall be liable for the return of the Capital Contributions (or any portion thereof) of any other Member, it
being expressly understood that any such return shall be made solely from Company assets. No Member shall be required to pay to the Company
or to any other Member any deficit in its Capital Account upon dissolution of the Company or otherwise, and no Member shall be entitled
to withdraw any part of its Capital Contributions or Capital Account, to receive interest on its Capital Contributions or Capital Account
or to receive any Distributions from the Company, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement or under applicable law.

Article 12

ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES

12.1 Profits
and Losses. Except as otherwise stated in this Article 12, Profits and Losses for each Allocation Year shall be allocated
among the Members in such a manner that, as of the end of such Allocation Year, the sum of (a) the Capital Account of each Member,
(b) such Members share of Company Minimum Gain (as determined according to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)),
and (c) such Members Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain shall be equal to the respective net amounts, positive or negative,
which would be distributed to them, determined as if the Company were to (x) liquidate the assets of the Company for an amount equal
to their Gross Asset Value, and (y) distribute the proceeds of liquidation pursuant to Section 15.2.

12.2 Special
Allocations.

(a) Minimum
Gain Chargeback. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 12, if there is a net decrease in Company Minimum
Gain during any Allocation Year, the Members shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain for such Allocation Year (and,
if necessary, subsequent Allocation Years) in an amount equal to such Members share of the net decrease in Company Minimum Gain,
determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(2). Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall
be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items so allocated shall
be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f). This Section 12.2(a) is intended
to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2(f) of the Treasury Regulations and shall be interpreted
consistently therewith.

-77- 

(b) Member
Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain Chargeback. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 12, except Section 12.2(a),
if there is a net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to a Member Nonrecourse Debt during any Allocation Year,
each Member who has a share of the Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance
with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5), shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain for such Allocation
Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Allocation Years) in an amount equal to such Members share of the net decrease in Member Nonrecourse
Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4).
Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each
Member pursuant thereto. The items so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2).
This Section 12.2(b) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and
shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(c) Qualified
Income Offset. In the event any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions described in paragraphs (4),
(5) and (6) of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d), items of Company income and gain shall be specially
allocated to such Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by such Regulations, the Adjusted Capital
Account deficit of such Member as quickly as possible, provided, that an allocation pursuant to this Section 12.2(c) shall
be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account deficit after all other allocations provided
for in this Article 12 have been tentatively made as if this Section 12.2(c) were not in this Agreement.

(d) Gross
Income Allocation. In the event any Member has a deficit Capital Account at the end of any Allocation Year that is in excess of the
sum of (i) the amount such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement and (ii) the amount such
Member is obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentence of each of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5),
each such Member shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible, provided,
that an allocation pursuant to this Section 12.2(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have
a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Article 12 have been made
as if Section 12.2(c) and this Section 12.2(d) were not in this Agreement.

(e) Nonrecourse
Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated to holders of Class A Units in proportion to the number of Class A
Units held by each such holder immediately prior to such allocation.

(f) Member
Nonrecourse Deductions. Any Member Nonrecourse Deductions for any Allocation Year shall be specially allocated to the Member who
bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the Member Nonrecourse Debt to which such Member Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable
in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(1).

-78- 

(g) Section 754
Adjustments. To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Company asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or
Code Section 743(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into
account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if
the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be allocated
to the Members in a manner consistent with the manner in which their Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to such Section of
the Regulations.

12.3 Curative
Allocations. The allocations contained in each of Section 12.2 and Section 12.4 (the Regulatory
Allocations) are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Code and Regulations. The Members intend that, to the
extent possible, all Regulatory Allocations shall be offset either by other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other
items of Company income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 12.3. Therefore, notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Article 12 (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Board shall make such offsetting special allocations of Company
income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it reasonably determines to be appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations
are made, each Members Capital Account balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Member would
have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement.

12.4 Limitation
on Allocation of Losses. In no event shall Losses be allocated to a Member to the extent such allocation would result in such Member
having an Adjusted Capital Account deficit at the end of any Allocation Year. All such Losses shall be allocated to the other Members
in accordance with the positive balances in such Members Capital Accounts.

12.5 Other
Allocation Rules.

(a) Profits,
Losses, and any other items of income, gain, loss, or deduction shall be allocated to the Members pursuant to this Article 12
as of the last day of each Fiscal Year, provided, that Profits, Losses, and such other items shall also be allocated at such
times as the Gross Asset Values of Company assets are adjusted pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of Gross
Asset Value.

(b) For
purposes of determining the Profits, Losses, or any other items allocable to any period, Profits, Losses, and any such other items shall
be determined on a daily, monthly or other basis, as reasonably determined by the Board, using any permissible method under Code
Section 706 and the Regulations thereunder.

(c) Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items of Company income, gain, loss, deduction, and any other allocations not otherwise
provided for shall be divided among the Members for tax purposes in the same proportions as they share Profits or Losses, as the case
may be, for the applicable Allocation Year.

-79- 

(d) For
purposes of Code Section 752 and the Regulations thereunder, excess nonrecourse liabilities of the Company within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3), shall be allocated among the holders of Class A Units in proportion
to the number of Class A Units held by each such holder immediately prior to such allocation.

12.6 Tax
Allocations: Code Section 704(c).

(a) Subject
to Section 12.6(b), items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be
allocated among the Members in the same manner that such items are allocated to the Members Capital Accounts.

(b) In
accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the applicable Treasury Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss, deduction and tax
depreciation with respect to any property which has a Gross Asset Value different than its adjusted tax basis, will, solely for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, be allocated among the Members in accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder to take into account such difference, using any method selected in the reasonable determination of the Board.

(c) Allocations
pursuant to this Section 12.6 are solely for purposes of federal, state, and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any
way be taken into account in computing, any Members Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, other items, or distributions
pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.

Article 13

DISTRIBUTIONS

13.1 Distributions.

(a) Subject
to (i) the terms of Section 6.19, (ii) the terms of Section 13.2, and (iii) the then existing
agreements of the Company or its Subsidiaries relating to indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
the Board may (but shall not be obligated to) cause the Company to make Distributions to the Members, at such times and in such amounts
as the Board may determine in its sole discretion, and each Distribution shall be made to the Members that own or hold Class A Units
and to the Members that own or hold Class B Units to the extent such Members owning or holding Class B Units are entitled to
Distributions in respect of such Class B Units in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Management Incentive Plan and/or
any applicable Award Agreement (ratably among such Members based on their respective ownership, immediately prior to such Distribution,
of the total number of issued and outstanding Class A Units and Class B Units entitled to Distributions in accordance with
this Agreement, the applicable Management Incentive Plan and/or any applicable Award Agreement).

-80- 

(b) Anything
in Sections 13.1(a) and 15.2 to the contrary notwithstanding, unless the Board otherwise approves, if any
Member that owns or holds Class A Units shall not have (i) actually executed and delivered to the Company (A) a counterpart
of this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement or (B) a completed AI Questionnaire as required pursuant to this Agreement, or (ii) provided
the Company with such Members Member Beneficial Ownership Information as required pursuant to this Agreement, in any such case
at or prior to the time of any payment by the Company of any Distribution on account of Class A Units, then (x) such Member
shall not receive, or be entitled to receive, any such Distribution on account of such Members Class A Units until such Member
executes and delivers or provides to the Company the applicable document(s) referred to in clause (i) or clause (ii) above,
subject to the additional terms and provisions of this Section 13.1(b), and (y) the Company shall hold back any Distributions
that, except for this Section 13.1(b), would otherwise have been paid or distributed to such Member in respect of such Members
Class A Units. The Company shall not be required to pay any interest in respect of any cash, assets, property, securities or other
amounts held back pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. The Company shall be free to use all such cash, assets, property, securities
and other amounts as it sees fit and the Company shall not be under any obligation to pay such cash, assets, property, securities or
other amounts into an escrow account (or any similar arrangement). In the event that (I) any Member that owns or holds Class A
Units is not paid or distributed a Distribution on account of such Members Class A Units as a result of this Section 13.1(b),
and (II) such Member executes and delivers or provides the applicable document(s) referred to in clause (i) or
clause (ii) above subsequent to the payment or distribution by the Company of such Distribution on account of other
Class A Units, then, promptly following such execution and delivery or provision by such Member, the Company shall pay or distribute
such Distribution to such Member that would have otherwise been payable or distributable pursuant to Section 13.1(a) or
Section 15.2 on account of such Members Class A Units as of the record date for such Distribution, but held back
pursuant to this Section 13.1(b); provided, however, that the obligation of the Company to pay or distribute
any such Distribution to such Member shall (X) terminate upon the consummation of a Sale Transaction, (Y) be subject to any
limitations or restrictions under the Act or other applicable law, and (Z) be subject to any limitations or restrictions under the
then existing agreements of the Company or its Subsidiaries relating to indebtedness or debt securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(c) Unless
a different record date is established by the Board, any Distribution pursuant to or in accordance with this Section 13.1
shall be made to the Persons shown on the Register of Members as holders of Units entitled to such Distribution as of the date of such
Distribution.

13.2 Limitations
on Distributions. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Article 13, no Distribution shall be made if
such Distribution would violate the Act or any other applicable law.

13.3 No
Other Distributions. Except as set forth in this Article 13 or upon the dissolution and liquidation of the Company pursuant
to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Article 15, no Member shall have the right to demand or receive any Distribution
or other return on capital in respect of its Units or Capital Contributions.

-81- 

13.4 Withholding
Tax. The Company will at all times be entitled to make payments with respect to each Member in amounts required to discharge any
obligation of the Company to withhold or make payments to any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority (a Taxing Authority)
with respect to such Members interest in the Company (including U.S. federal, state or local, withholding taxes and including
any withholding taxes imposed on amounts paid to the Company). Any amounts deducted, withheld or paid by reason of this Section 13.4
shall be deemed distributed or allocated to the Member in question for all purposes under this Agreement and, to the extent such
withholding has not offset a Distribution, shall reduce future Distributions to which such Member is otherwise entitled pursuant to this
Agreement. If the Company makes any payment to a Taxing Authority in respect of a Member or former Member hereunder that is not withheld
from actual Distributions to such Member (including in connection with a Distribution in kind), then such Member or former Member shall
reimburse the Company for the amount of such payment (together with interest as set forth below), on demand or as otherwise provided
hereunder. In addition, if a Member has not satisfied its reimbursement obligation under this Section 13.4 by the time of
any Transfer of any of such Members Units (including any Transfer in connection with a Sale Transaction), then the Company is
authorized by the Members (including such Member) to take such steps and other actions to cause or require an amount of proceeds that
would otherwise be paid or distributed to such Member (or its Affiliates) in connection with such Transfer to be paid to the Company
to satisfy such reimbursement obligation in full (or to satisfy such reimbursement obligation to the maximum extent possible). The amount
of a Members reimbursement obligation under this Section 13.4 shall bear interest on such amount at a rate equal to [9.50%]
per annum, compounded quarterly, commencing from the date the Company makes the applicable payment to a Taxing Authority until such amount
(together with such interest) is repaid to the Company (or deducted from a Distribution to such Member). Each Members reimbursement
obligation under this Section 13.4 shall remain a personal liability of such Member and shall continue after such Member
Transfers its Units or after a withdrawal by such Member from the Company and shall survive the termination, dissolution, liquidation,
and winding up of the Company and the Company shall be treated as continuing in interest for purposes of this Section 13.4.
Each Member agrees to furnish the Company with any representations, forms, certificates or other information as shall be reasonably requested
by the Company to assist the Company in determining the extent of, or in fulfilling or complying with, any withholding, reporting or
compliance obligations the Company may have. Each Member agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each officer, each Manager,
the other Members, and any other Person who is or is deemed to be the responsible withholding agent for federal, state, local or foreign
income tax purposes, from and against any liability with respect to taxes, interest and penalties which may be asserted by reason of
the failure to deduct and withhold tax on amounts distributable to such Member.

-82- 

Article 14

WITHDRAWALS; ACTION FOR PARTITION

14.1 Waiver
of Partition. No Member shall, either directly or indirectly, take any action to require partition, file a bill for Company accounting
or appraisement of the Company or of any of its assets or properties or, subject to the terms of Section 9.3, cause the sale
of any Company property; and, notwithstanding any provisions of applicable law to the contrary, each Member (and each of such Members
legal representatives, successors, or assigns) hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights it may have to maintain any action for partition
or to compel any sale with respect to such Members Units, or with respect to any assets or properties of the Company, except as
expressly provided in this Agreement.

14.2 Covenant
Not to Withdraw or Dissolve. Notwithstanding any provision of the Act, but except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Member
hereby covenants and agrees that such Member has entered into this Agreement based on its mutual expectation that all Members will continue
as Members and carry out the duties and obligations undertaken by them hereunder and that, except as otherwise expressly required or
permitted hereby, each Member hereby covenants and agrees not to (a) withdraw or attempt to withdraw from the Company (other than
upon the permitted Transfer of all of its Units, so long as such withdrawal does not result in a dissolution of the Company), (b) exercise
any power under the Act to dissolve the Company, (c) petition for judicial dissolution of the Company, or (d) demand a return
of such Members contributions to capital of the Company (or a bond or other security for the return of such contributions). Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Member shall be entitled to abandon or surrender such Members Units or other Interests.

Article 15

DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

15.1 Events
Causing Dissolution. The Company shall be dissolved only upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) notwithstanding
anything in Section 18-801(a)(3) of the Act to the contrary, the affirmative vote or written consent of the Board and the Majority
Members;

(b) the
entry of a final decree of judicial dissolution of the Company under Section 18-802 of the Act; or

(c) at
any time there are no Members of the Company, unless the Company is continued in accordance with the Act.

Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 15.1,
the Company is intended to have perpetual existence. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any death, retirement, resignation, expulsion,
bankruptcy or dissolution of a Member (or the occurrence of any other event that terminates the continued membership of a Member in the
Company) shall not, in and of itself, cause a dissolution of the Company and the Company shall continue in existence subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

-83- 

15.2 Liquidation
and Winding Up. If the Company is dissolved pursuant to Section 15.1, the Company shall be liquidated and the Managers
(or other Person or Persons designated by the Board or by a decree of court) shall wind up the affairs of the Company. The Managers or
other Persons winding up the affairs of the Company shall promptly proceed to the liquidation of the Company and, in settling the accounts
of the Company, the assets and the property of the Company shall be distributed in the following order of priority:

(a) First,
to the payment of (or establishing reserves to pay) all debts and liabilities of the Company (including any debts or liabilities owed
to any Member) in the order of priority as provided by law; and

(b) The
balance, if any, to the Members in accordance with Section 13.1(a).

Any non-cash asset will first be written up or
down to its gross Fair Market Value, thus creating Profit or Loss (if any), which shall be allocated in accordance with the provisions
of Article 12.

15.3 No
Deficit Restoration Obligation. If any Member has a deficit balance in its Capital Account (after giving effect to all Capital Contributions,
distributions and allocations for all fiscal periods including the fiscal period during which the liquidation occurs), such Member shall
have no obligation to make any contribution to the capital of the Company with respect to such deficit, and such deficit shall not be
considered a debt owed to the Company or to any other Person for any purpose whatsoever.

Article 16

AMENDMENTS

16.1 Amendments.

(a) Any
term, condition or provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived from time to time if, and only if, such amendment,
modification or waiver is in writing and signed, (x) in the case of an amendment or modification, by the Company and the Majority
Members at the time of such amendment or modification, or (y) in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to
be effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in addition to the affirmative vote or written consent of the Company and the Majority
Members, no amendment or modification of any term, condition or provision of this Agreement shall be made (whether by merger, consolidation
or reorganization of the Company, except in connection with a Sale Transaction) relating to:

(i) Sections
6.18, 6.19, 9.1, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6 or 9.7, clause (c) of Section 19.12,
Article 17, Schedule A attached hereto or the definition of Super-Majority Members (including any of
the defined terms used in any such Section, clause, Article, Schedule or definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used
therein), in any such case, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Super-Majority Members;

(ii) Sections 6.1,
6.2(a), 6.2(b), 6.2(c), 6.2(d), 6.2(e), 6.2(f), 6.12 or 6.14, the penultimate
sentence of Section 6.15 or the definition of Specified Members (including any of the defined terms used in
any such Section, sentence or definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used therein), in any such case, without the affirmative
vote or written consent of (A) each Designating Group and (B) the Specified Members;

-84- 

(iii) Section 8.5,
clause (a) of Section 19.12 or the definitions of Designating Group, Designating Members,
Designation Right or Holder Managers (including any of the defined terms used in any such Section, clause
or definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used therein), in any such case, without the affirmative vote or written consent
of each Designating Group;

(iv) Section 6.20,
clause (d) of Section 19.12 or the definitions of Observer Member or Major Member
(including any of the defined terms used in any such Section, clause or definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used
therein), in any such case, without the affirmative vote or written consent of each Major Member;

(v) the
proviso in the first sentence of Section 6.8 or the definition of Golub Members (including any of the defined
terms used in such proviso or definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used therein), in either such case, without the
affirmative vote or written consent of the Golub Members;

(vi) the
definition of LCM Members (including any of the defined terms used in such definition, solely to the extent such defined
terms are used therein) without the affirmative vote or written consent of the LCM Members;

(vii) the
definitions of Majority Specified Members or Specified Members (including any of the defined terms used in
any such definition, solely to the extent such defined terms are used therein), in either such case, without the affirmative vote or
written consent of the Specified Members;

(viii) Section 16.1(b)(i) (including
any of the defined terms used in any such Section, solely to the extent such defined terms are used therein) without the affirmative
vote or written consent of each Member that owns or holds Class A Units;

(ix) Section 6.19
or Schedule A attached hereto (including any of the defined terms used in any such Section or Schedule, solely to the
extent such defined terms are used therein), in any such case, without Required Manager Approval; or

(x) any
of clauses (i)-(ix) of this Section 16.1(a) without the prior written consent of the specific
Member or Members, and/or the Member or Members that own or hold the requisite percentage of the Units, as applicable, that would be
required to amend the underlying provision or definition of this Agreement to which such amendment or modification relates; provided,
however, that no amendment or modification of this Section 16.1(a)(x) shall be made without the affirmative vote
or written consent of each Member that owns or holds Class A Units.

-85- 

(b) Anything
in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) subject to clause (ii) of this Section 16.1(b),
no amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement (whether by merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company,
except in connection with a Sale Transaction) that would materially and adversely affect the rights or materially increase the obligations
of any Member that owns or holds Units of any particular series or class (in its capacity as an owner or holder of Units of such
series or class) set forth in this Agreement in a manner that is disproportionate in any material respect to the comparable rights and
obligations of the Members that own or hold a majority of the issued and outstanding Units of such series or class (in their capacity
as owners or holders of Units of such series or class) (without regard to any effect resulting from (A) the individual circumstances
of any such Member, or (B) the differences in the respective percentages of ownership of Units of the Members) shall be made without
the affirmative vote or written consent of such affected Member; provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, neither
the authorization or creation of a new class or series of Units or other equity or equity-based securities of the Company, nor the issuance
of any additional Units or any other equity or equity-based securities of the Company, in each case in accordance with Section 9.6,
shall be deemed to adversely affect the rights or obligations of any Member, and, (ii) the Board is hereby authorized and empowered,
acting alone and without further vote or action of any of the Members or any other Person, to amend or modify this Agreement (A) as
provided in Section 5.2(b) hereof and (B) as may be required to give effect to the terms of a Management Incentive
Plan or any Award Agreement, and each Member shall be deemed to have executed any such amendment to, or amendment and restatement of,
this Agreement; provided, however, that if any such amendment or modification would otherwise require any vote or consent
pursuant to any of clauses (i)-(x) of Section 16.1(a) (other than immaterial amendments or modifications),
then such vote or consent shall be obtained as a condition to any such amendment or modification.

(c) Anything
in this Section 16.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the holders of Class B Units (in
their capacity as such) shall have no right to vote on, or right to consent to, any amendment, modification or waiver of or to this Agreement.

Article 17

INFORMATION RIGHTS

17.1 Information
Rights. Subject to the obligations of the Members under Article 20, the Company shall make available to each Member (other
than Members that are Competitors or that own or hold Class B Units) the following information:

(a) within
[ ()]1 after the end of each
Fiscal Year of the Company, copies of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal
Year, including a consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of income or operations, members equity and cash flows
for such Fiscal Year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with the auditors report on such audited consolidated financial
statements; and

(b) within
[ ()]2 after the end of each
Fiscal Quarter in each of the Companys first three (3) Fiscal Quarters in each Fiscal Year of the Company, copies of the
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter, including a consolidated balance
sheet and consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter, prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject
to the absence of footnotes and to year-end adjustments;

1
Note to Draft: To be consistent with delivery times under the credit documents.

2
Note to Draft: To be consistent with delivery times under the credit documents.

-86- 

provided, however, that if the
Company does not produce consolidated financial statements required by this Section 17.1 at the Company level, but consolidated
financial statements are produced at the level of one of its Subsidiaries that cover substantially the same information that would have
been covered by consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, then, in lieu of making available such consolidated
financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Company shall make available to each Member that owns or holds Units (other
than Members that are Competitors or that own or hold Class B Units) the consolidated financial statements of its applicable Subsidiary,
on the terms set forth in this Section 17.1.

17.2 Delivery
of Information. The Company shall make available the information described in Section 17.1, within the specified time
periods, on a password-protected website that is only available to the Members (other than Members that are Competitors or that own or
hold Class B Units) and any actual or prospective Transferees of Units (other than actual or prospective Transferees of Class B
Units). The Company shall provide any password or other login information to the Members (other than Members that are Competitors or
that own or hold Class B Units) and, upon request of any Member, any actual or prospective Transferees of Units (other than actual
or prospective Transferees of Class B Units) so that any such Person shall be able to access such website.

As a condition to gaining access to the information
posted on such website, each Person may be required to (a) click through certain confidentiality provisions or take
other affirmative action pursuant to which such Person shall acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect of such information,
and (b) in the case of any Person that is a Member, (i) confirm and ratify that it is a party to, and bound by all of the terms
and provisions of, this Agreement, and (ii) certify its status as a Member that holds Class A Units.

17.3 Termination
of Information Rights. The requirements of this Article 17 shall cease to apply at such time as the Company becomes obligated
to file reports under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or as a voluntary filer pursuant to contractual
obligations (so long as the Company makes such filings). Nothing in this Agreement shall require, or shall be deemed or construed to
require, the Company to file reports under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Article 18

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE MEMBERS

18.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Members. Each Member (including each Person, if any, admitted as a Member after the Effective Date) hereby
represents, warrants and acknowledges to the Company and to each other Member on the Effective Date (or the date on which such Member
executes and delivers a Joinder Agreement) as follows:

(a) Such
Member (if such Member is an Entity) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization or formation and has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as it is now being conducted and as
proposed to be conducted.

-87- 

(b) Such
Member has the full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and, if such Member is an Entity,
the execution, delivery and performance by such Member of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action of such Member.
This Agreement constitutes such Members legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms
(except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and other laws relating to
or affecting creditors rights generally and the effect and application of general principles of equity and the availability of
equitable remedies).

(c) Such
Member is not subject to, or obligated under, any provision of (i) its organizational documents (if such Member is an Entity), (ii) any
agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding, (iii) any license, franchise or permit, or (iv) any law, regulation, order,
judgment or decree, in any such case that would be breached or violated, or in respect of which a right of termination or acceleration
or any Lien on any of such Members assets (including its Units) would be created, by such Members execution, delivery and/or
performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) No
authorization, consent or approval of, waiver or exemption by, or filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority or any other
Person is necessary on such Members part for such Members execution, delivery and/or performance of this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in any such case that has not previously been obtained by such Member.

(e) No
Person has or will have, as a result of any act or omission by such Member, any right, interest or valid claim against the Company or
any other Member for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity, in connection with
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(f) Neither
such Member nor any of its Affiliates (other than Related Funds) is, nor will the Company as a result of such Member holding an Interest
be, an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act.

(g) If
such Member is a partnership, a limited liability company treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a grantor trust
(within the meaning of Code Sections 671-679) or an S corporation (within the meaning of Code Section 1361) (each, a flow-through
entity), then either: (i) no Person will own, directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities, an interest
in such Member such that more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the value of such Persons interest in such Member is attributable
to the Members investment in the Company; or (ii) if one or more Persons will own, directly or indirectly through one or
more flow-through entities, an interest in such Member such that more than fifty percent (50.0%) of the value of any such Persons
interest in such Member is attributable to such Members investment in the Company, neither such Member nor any such Person has
or had any intent or purpose to cause such Person to invest in the Company indirectly through such Member in order to enable the Company
to qualify for the private placement safe harbor under Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h).

-88- 

(h) Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither the Company, any Manager, any Observer nor any other Member shall have any duty or
responsibility to provide such Member with any documents, materials or other information concerning the business, operations, assets,
properties, financial and other conditions, or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which may come into the possession
of the Company, any Manager, any Observer, any other Member or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, other
representatives or Affiliates.

(i) Except
as expressly set forth in this Section 18.1, neither the Company, any Manager, any Observer, any other Member nor any of
their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, other representatives or Affiliates has made any representations or
warranties to such Member regarding the business, assets, operations, properties, financial and other conditions, or prospects of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or otherwise, and no act by the Company, any Manager, any Observer, any other Member or any of their
respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, other representatives or Affiliates hereinafter taken, including any review
of the affairs of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be deemed to constitute any such representation or warranty by the Company,
any Manager, any Observer, any other Member or any of their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, other representatives
or Affiliates.

(j) The
Units acquired by such Member have been, or are being, acquired by such Member for its own account and not with a view to the sale or
distribution of any part thereof (or any fractional or beneficial interest therein), and such Member has no present intention of selling,
granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing any of the Units (or any fractional or beneficial interest therein). Such Member
does not have any contract, agreement or understanding with any Person to sell or Transfer any of the Units (or any fractional or beneficial
interest therein), or grant any participation in any of the Units (or any fractional or beneficial interest therein), to such Person.

(k) (i) Such
Member must bear the economic risk of such Members investment in the Units acquired by such Member indefinitely unless the disposition
of such Units is registered or qualified under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration
or qualification is available, and that the Company has no obligation or intention of so registering or qualifying such Units, (ii) there
is no assurance that any exemption from the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws will be available, or, if available, that
such exemption will allow such Member to dispose of or otherwise Transfer any or all of such Members Units in the amounts or at
the times such Member might desire and (iii) the Company is not presently under any obligation to register the Units under Section 12
of the Exchange Act or to make publicly available the information specified in Rule 144 under the Securities Act and that it may
never be required to do so.

-89- 

(l) Such
Member: (i) is an Accredited Investor, (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to
be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Units acquired by such Member, (iii) has received all of
the information about the Company and its Subsidiaries that it has requested and considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether
to acquire the Units acquired by such Member, (iv) is acquiring Units based upon such Members own investigation, and the
exercise by such Member of such Members rights and the performance of such Members obligations under this Agreement will
be based upon such Members own investigation, analysis and expertise, (v) has the ability to bear the economic risks inherent
in its investment of the Units acquired by such Member, (vi) is able, without materially impairing its financial condition, to hold
the Units acquired by such Member for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete loss of its investment, and (vii) understands
and has fully considered for purposes of its investment in the Units acquired by such Member the risks of this investment and understands
that: (A) the Units represent an extremely speculative investment that involves a high degree of risk of loss, (B) it
may not be possible for such Member to liquidate its investment in any of the Units because of substantial restrictions on the transferability
of the Units, (C) no public market exists for the Units, and no representation has been made to such Member that any such public
market will exist in the future, and (D) there have been no representations as to the possible future value, if any, of any of the
Units.

18.2 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations, warranties and acknowledgements of each Member in Section 18.1
shall survive the Effective Date (or the date on which such Member executes and delivers a Joinder Agreement).

Article 19

MISCELLANEOUS

19.1 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules to this Agreement) amends and restates the Initial LLC Agreement
in its entirety and contains the entire understanding among the Members and the Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement
and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations, written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement
among the Members and the Company.

19.2 Counterparts.
For the convenience of the parties hereto, this Agreement may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart
being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of this Agreement by portable document format (PDF) or other electronic transmission will be effective as delivery of
a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

19.3 Severability.
In the event that any provision hereof would be invalid or unenforceable in any respect under applicable law, such provision shall be
construed by modifying or limiting it so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with, and possible under, applicable
law. The provisions hereof are severable, and in the event any provision hereof should be held invalid or unenforceable in any respect,
it shall not invalidate, render unenforceable or otherwise affect any other provision hereof.

-90- 

19.4 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective legal representatives,
heirs, administrators, executors, successors and permitted assigns.

19.5 Notices.
All notices, requests, waivers, document deliveries and other communications made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been effectively given, sent, provided, delivered or received (a) when personally delivered to the party
to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail (e-mail) to the party to be notified, (c) three (3) Business
Days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, addressed
to the party to be notified, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a national overnight delivery service, postage
prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified with next-Business Day delivery guaranteed, in each case as follows: (i) in the case
of any Member, to such Member at its address or e-mail address set forth in the Register of Members and (ii) in the case of the
Company, to the Company at the Principal Office, Attention: [] ([]) (or to another officer of the Company that is required
to be provided with such notice, request, waiver, document or other communication pursuant to the terms of this Agreement). A party may
change its address or e-mail address for purposes of notice hereunder by (x) in the case of the Company, giving notice of such change
to all of the Members in the manner provided in this Section 19.5 and (y) in the case of any Member, giving notice of
such change to the Company in the manner provided in this Section 19.5.

19.6 Headings.
The headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to
be a part of this Agreement.

19.7 Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of law doctrine. EACH OF The COMPANY and each MEMBER hereby submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware
(unless the Delaware Court of Chancery shall decline to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, in which case, of any Delaware
state or federal court within the State of Delaware), and any judicial proceeding brought against the COMPANY or any MEMBER with respect
to any dispute arising out of this Agreement or any matter related hereto shall be brought only in such courts. EACH OF The COMPANY and
each MEMBER hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection it may have or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought
in an inconvenient forum. EACH OF The COMPANY and each MEMBER hereby consents to process being served in any such proceeding by the mailing
of a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address specified in Section 19.5, or in any other
manner permitted by law. EACH OF THE COMPANY and each MEMBER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING.

-91- 

19.8 No
Third Party Beneficiaries. The terms and provisions of this Agreement are intended solely for the benefit of each party hereto and
its legal representatives, heirs, administrators, executors, successors and permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the parties
hereto to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person other than (x) the Covered Persons (solely with respect to
Sections 8.1 and 8.2), (y) the Identified Persons (solely with respect to Section 8.5), and
(z) to the extent not already a party hereto, each Affiliate of any of the Members for purposes of Section 8.6.

19.9 Binding
Effect. By virtue of the Plan of Reorganization and the order of the Bankruptcy Court that confirmed the Plan of Reorganization,
on the Effective Date, without any further action on the part of, or notice to, any Person, each of the Persons that received Class A
Units under, or as contemplated by, the Plan of Reorganization on or as of the Effective Date became a party to this Agreement as a Member
hereunder, became fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement as a Member
party hereto, and is deemed to have signed this Agreement. This Agreement shall apply to, and be binding upon, all holders of Units and
Interests, whether or not such holder has executed a counterpart of this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement, and shall also apply to all
Units and Interests no matter when acquired, and by acceptance of Units or Interests each holder agrees to be so bound. This Agreement
shall become effective on the Effective Date.

19.10 Additional
Actions and Documents. The parties agree to execute and deliver any further instruments and perform any additional acts that are
or may become reasonably necessary to carry on the Company or to effectuate its purposes.

19.11 Injunctive
Relief. It is hereby agreed and acknowledged that it will be impossible to measure in money the damages that would be suffered if
the parties to this Agreement fail to comply with any of the obligations imposed on them by this Agreement and that in the event of any
such failure, a non-breaching party hereto will be irreparably damaged and will not have an adequate remedy at law. Any such non-breaching
party shall, therefore, be entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance or other equitable remedies to enforce such obligations,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which such Person is entitled at law or in equity. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives
any defense that a remedy at law is adequate and any requirement to post bond or other security in connection with actions instituted
for injunctive relief, specific performance or other equitable remedies. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees not to assert that
specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies are unenforceable, violate public policy, invalid, contrary to law
or inequitable for any reason. The right of specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies is an integral part
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

-92- 

19.12 Assignment.
No rights, interests or obligations of any Member herein may be assigned without the prior approval of the Board and the Majority Members,
except assignments to Transferees of Units in connection with Transfers of Units that strictly comply with Article 9; provided,
however, that (a) the Designation Right of a Designating Group shall not be assignable except as set forth in Section 6.2(e),
(b) the rights of each Observer Member under Section 6.20 shall not be assignable, (c) the rights of each Preemptive
Member under Section 9.6 shall not be assignable except to any Person that is an Affiliate of such Preemptive Member and
an Accredited Investor at the time of such assignment (and any such assignment may be made in connection with, or not in connection with,
a Transfer of Units to such Person); provided, that the assignment of such rights under Section 9.6 to any such Person
that is not then a Member shall only be permitted if the conditions set forth in Section 4.2(b) are satisfied in connection
with the related purchase of Additional Securities by such Person, and (d) the rights of each ROFO Member under Section 9.7
shall not be assignable except to any Person that is an Affiliate of such ROFO Member and an Accredited Investor at the time of such
assignment (and any such assignment may be made in connection with, or not in connection with, a Transfer of Units to such Person); provided,
that the assignment of such rights under Section 9.7 to any such Person that is not then a Member shall only be permitted
if the conditions set forth in Section 9.1(a) are satisfied in connection with the related purchase of Offered Units
by such Person.

19.13 Redaction.
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any copy of the Register of Members that is provided to a Member that holds Class B
Units shall be redacted to remove all information relating to each other Member, including the class or series and number of Units held
by each other Member (and, if applicable, any hurdles, participation thresholds, vesting schedules, forfeiture provisions or other terms
and conditions applicable thereto) and each other Members Capital Contributions and contact information, and Members that hold
Class B Units shall not be entitled to such information.

19.14 Spousal
Consent. Unless waived by the Company, each married Member, and each Member who, subsequent to the Effective Date, marries or remarries,
will concurrently with his or her execution hereof, or the consummation of such marriage, as applicable, deliver to the Company the written
consent of his or her spouse in a form that is acceptable to the Company in its sole discretion; provided, however, that
the failure of any such Member to do so will not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

19.15 Financial
Crimes Matters. The Company shall conduct its business in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering
Laws and Sanctions.

19.16 Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon the occurrence of an IPO and, to the extent applicable, (a) the entry into of
a stockholders agreement pursuant to, and as described in, Section 21.2 by the Reorganized Issuer and the Members, and/or
(b) the entry into of registration rights agreement pursuant to, and as described in, Section 21.3 by the Company or
the Reorganized Issuer, as applicable, and the Members; provided, however, that (i) any liability of any current or
former Member for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination shall survive any such termination, and (ii) the terms
and provisions of the following Sections and Articles of this Agreement shall survive any such termination: Section 4.4(b),
Section 4.5, Article 8 (other than Section 8.7), Section 11.3, Section 11.7,
Section 15.3, Section 19.7, Article 20 and Article 21.

-93- 

Article 20

CONFIDENTIALITY

20.1 Confidentiality.
Each Member hereby agrees that, during the period commencing on the Effective Date (or, with respect to any Member that becomes a party
hereto after the Effective Date, the date any such Member executes and delivers a Joinder Agreement) and ending on the second anniversary
of the date on which such Member no longer beneficially owns or holds any Units (such period, the Confidentiality Period),
such Member will keep strictly confidential and will not disclose or divulge to any other Person (other than as permitted by Section 20.2)
any (x) confidential, business, financial or proprietary information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any confidential,
business, financial or proprietary information regarding the business or affairs of any other Member in respect of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (in any such case, whether in written, oral or electronic form), that is obtained by, or on behalf of, such Member
from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, for all purposes of this Article 20, any such information obtained
by such Member from any Manager or Observer), from the Companys or any such Subsidiarys legal or financial advisors or
any other agents or advisors engaged by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, from any other Member, or through the ownership of Interests
and (y) notes, analyses, compilations, studies, interpretations or other documents prepared by such Member or any of its Representatives
which contain, reflect or are based upon the information referred to in clause (x) above (collectively, Confidential
Information). Confidential Information shall not include information which (A) is known or becomes known to the public
in general (other than as a result of a breach of this Section 20.1 by a Member or any of its Representatives), (B) is
or becomes available to a Member on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company, any other Member or any of their respective
Affiliates or Representatives (provided, that such Member is not aware that such source is under an obligation to keep such information
confidential) prior to such information being provided to such Member by (or obtained from) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any
other Member or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives or (C) is independently developed by such Member or its Representatives
without reference to the Confidential Information.

20.2 Permitted
Disclosure of Confidential Information.

(a) Notwithstanding
Section 20.1, Confidential Information may be disclosed as follows:

(i) Confidential
Information may be provided by a Member, on a confidential basis, to such Members Affiliates and the respective managers, officers,
directors, employees, partners, investors, members, representatives, attorneys, accountants, auditors, trustees, insurers, other professional
advisors and financing sources of such Member and such Members Affiliates (collectively, Representatives),
to the extent reasonably necessary in connection with such Members investment in the Company; provided, however,
that such Member shall direct its Representatives to comply with the restrictions in this Article 20 as if such Representatives
were a party hereto and bound by such restrictions, and such Member shall be responsible for ensuring that its Representatives comply
with such restrictions and shall be responsible and liable for any breach of any such restrictions by any of its Representatives.

-94- 

(ii) Confidential
Information may be provided by a Member, on a confidential basis, to an actual or potential Transferee of all or a portion of the Units
owned or held by such Member, to the extent reasonably necessary to consummate a sale or other Transfer of such Units permitted under
this Agreement; provided, however, that (x) prior to such Members delivery of Confidential Information to an
actual or potential Transferee of Units pursuant to this clause (ii), such actual or potential Transferee shall have executed
and delivered to such Member and the Company a Transferee confidentiality agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C,
and (y) in no event shall Confidential Information be provided to any Competitor.

(iii) Confidential
Information constituting Counterparty Excluded Information may be provided by (x) an Offering Member to a ROFO Member pursuant to
Section 9.7(b) and (y) a Counterparty to another Member pursuant to Section 9.8.

(iv) In
the event that a Member or any of its Representatives determines, in good faith upon the advice of counsel (including internal counsel),
that disclosure of Confidential Information is required under applicable law or regulation, or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction
over such Member or such Representative, such Member or such Representative will (x) use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
the confidentiality of the Confidential Information sought to be disclosed; and (y) to the extent legally permitted, promptly provide
the Company with written notice so that the Company may seek (at the Companys expense) an appropriate protective order or other
remedy and/or waive compliance with this Agreement and, if requested by the Company, assist the Company (at the Companys expense)
to seek such a protective order or other remedy. Provided that such notice (to the extent legally permitted) is furnished, if, in the
absence of a protective order or other remedy, such Member or any applicable Representative is, in the opinion of its counsel, legally
compelled to disclose Confidential Information or else be held liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty, such Member or
such Representative may disclose pursuant to this Section 20.2(a)(iv) only that portion of such Confidential Information,
and only to those parties, that such counsel has advised is compelled or required to be disclosed, without liability under this Agreement.
In addition, any Member and any applicable Representative shall be entitled to share Confidential Information with Governmental Authorities
in connection with routine regulatory audits and examinations that are conducted by such Governmental Authorities of such Member or any
of its Affiliates, in each case, without providing the Company with notice of such sharing or disclosure.

-95- 

(v) With
the prior consent of the Company, any Member may provide Confidential Information of the Company (but not Confidential Information of
any other Member in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) to any Person in connection with a potential Sale Transaction
with such Person; provided that such Person has an obligation to the Company to keep such Confidential Information confidential.

(vi) Any
Member that is an employee, consultant or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may disclose Confidential
Information in the performance of such employment duties or services to the extent authorized by the Companys policies in respect
thereof.

(b) Termination.
All the rights and obligations of a Member set forth in this Article 20 shall terminate automatically upon the expiration
of the Confidentiality Period applicable to such Member; provided, however, that no such termination shall relieve any
Member from any liability relating to any breach of this Article 20.

Article 21

IPO

21.1 IPO
Approval. The Company shall not initiate or undertake an IPO or effect a Corporate Conversion in connection therewith without prior
Required Manager Approval and the prior approval or written consent of the Board and the Majority Members. The parties hereto agree that
any IPO may be effected at the Company level or at a Subsidiary of the Company or by or through a successor Entity, and that in the event
of a planned IPO, the Company shall convert all (or the appropriate portion) of the Units then held by any Members into an economically
equivalent number of shares of the common stock of the Company or its applicable Subsidiary or successor Entity effecting such IPO. If
an IPO has been approved in accordance with this Section 21.1 and Section 6.19, each Member hereby consents to
such IPO and shall vote for (to the extent it has any voting right) and raise no objections against such IPO, and each Member shall take
all reasonable actions in connection with the consummation of such IPO as requested by the Company; provided, that no Member shall
be required to agree to any lock-up or other restrictions on the conversion of Units in connection with an IPO unless a substantial portion
of the Members are required to agree to such lock-up or other restrictions.

-96- 

21.2 Required
Actions. In connection with an IPO, subject to the requisite approval set forth in Section 21.1, the Board may either
(a) cause the Company to contribute all or substantially all of its assets to a corporation in a transaction qualified under Code
Section 351(a), and thereupon liquidate and dissolve the Company, (b) elect to have all Members contribute their Units to a
corporation, in a transaction qualifying under Code Section 351(a), as long as the Fair Market Value of the shares of the corporation
received by all Members, as determined by the Board, is equal to the Fair Market Value of the Units Transferred, as reasonably determined
by the Board, (c) cause the Company to distribute some or all of the shares of capital stock of one or more Subsidiaries of the
Company to the Members, (d) cause the Company to transfer its assets, liabilities and operations to a corporation in exchange for
any combination of cash, debt or capital stock in such corporation, (e) cause a corporation to be admitted as a Member of the Company,
with such corporation purchasing interests in the Company from the Company or Members (as determined by the Board) with the proceeds
of a public offering of the corporations stock, or (f) otherwise cause the Company to convert into a corporation, by way
of merger, consolidation or otherwise. Each Member hereby consents to such actions and shall vote for (to the extent it has any voting
right) and raise no objections against such actions, and each Member shall, at the request of the Board, take all actions reasonably
necessary or desirable to effect such actions (including whether by conversion into a corporation, merger or consolidation into a corporation,
recapitalization or reorganization, sale of securities, or otherwise), giving effect to the same economic (other than any tax effects
resulting therefrom), voting and corporate governance provisions contained herein (any such transaction contemplated by this Section 21.2,
a Corporate Conversion). In connection with such Corporate Conversion, at the request of the Board, each Member
hereby agrees to enter into a stockholders agreement (or equivalent) with the corporate successor (the Reorganized Issuer)
and each other Member which contains restrictions on the Transfer of such capital stock and other provisions (including with respect
to the governance and control of such Reorganized Issuer) in form and substance (including with respect to the termination thereof) similar
to the provisions and restrictions set forth herein to the extent reasonably requested by the Board.

21.3 Registration
Rights Agreement. In connection with (but prior to the consummation of) an IPO, the Company or any Reorganized Issuer, as applicable,
shall enter into a registration rights agreement with, or for the benefit of, each of the Significant Members, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Majority Members, with respect to the registration of its common equity securities (Company
Securities) following the consummation of an IPO; provided, that such registration rights agreement shall provide that
(a) any Significant Member or group of Significant Members party to such registration rights agreement (any such holder, a Registered
Holder) that own or hold at least ten percent (10.0%) of all of the Company Securities that are issued and outstanding
at the time of any such request may request that the Company or such Reorganized Issuer, as applicable, effect the registration under
the Securities Act of a specified number of Company Securities held by such Registered Holder(s), provided, that, subject to certain
exceptions, the Company or such Reorganized Issuer, as applicable, will not be required to effect any such demand right more than three
times, and (b) the Registered Holders shall be entitled to reasonable and customary piggyback registration rights.

[Signature pages follow]

-97- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned are a party to, bound by and subject to, and shall be deemed to have signed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

COMPANY:

[]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended &
Restated LLC Agreement]

Schedule A

Actions Requiring Required Manager Approval
and Approval of the Board and the Majority Members

1. Distributions or dividends made by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to Members that own or hold Class A Units that are not made
to such Members (a) on a pro rata basis (based on the number of Class A
Units owned or held by such Members immediately prior to any such distribution or dividend),
except as provided or contemplated by Section 13.1(b) or Section 13.4,
or (b) in the same form.

2. Repurchases or redemptions of Class A
Units made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not made (a) on a pro
rata basis (based on the number of Class A Units owned or held by all Members immediately
prior to any such repurchase or redemption), or (b) in the same form of consideration.

3. Transfer the Company to, or domesticate or
continue the Company in, any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

4. Consummate any IPO.

5. List any securities on any securities exchange,
or register any securities with the SEC.

6. Convert the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to a corporation, a statutory trust, a business trust, an association, a real estate investment
trust, a common-law trust or any other incorporated or unincorporated business or entity
or make any change in the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries entity classification
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

7. Any of the following: (a) merge with,
or consolidate into, another Entity, regardless of whether the Company or the applicable
Subsidiary is the survivor, (b) sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of
its property and assets, including its goodwill, or (c) consummate any Sale Transaction,
in any such case, other than (i) any such transaction that is consummated as an internal
restructuring transaction (including the dissolution or merger of any immaterial or dormant
Subsidiary of the Company) or that is consummated as part of a financing transaction, in
any such case that is not material to the businesses or operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (ii) a Drag-Along Transaction in which the Selling
Members have exercised their rights under Section 9.3.

Schedule
A

Schedule B

Officers

Name Title

[] []

[] []

[] []

Schedule
B

Exhibit A

FORM OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

Reference is hereby made
to that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of [] (the Company), dated as of
[], 2025 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the LLC Agreement),
by and among the Company and the members of the Company from time to time party thereto. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the LLC Agreement.

This Accredited Investor
Questionnaire is being completed, executed and delivered by the undersigned pursuant to (a) Section 4.2(b) of the LLC
Agreement in connection with the issuance of Units to the undersigned, (b) Section 4.6 of the LLC Agreement as required by,
or in response to a request made by the Company to the undersigned pursuant to, Section 4.6 of the LLC Agreement, or (c) Section 9.1(c) of
the LLC Agreement in connection with a Transfer of Units to the undersigned.

For purposes of this Accredited
Investor Questionnaire, the term Accredited Investor (pursuant to clause (a) of Rule 501 promulgated under the
Securities Act) means any Person who comes within any of the following categories:

(1) Any bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, or any savings and loan association or other institution as defined in
section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary
capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; any investment adviser registered pursuant to section 203 of the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940 or registered pursuant to the laws of a state; any investment adviser
relying on the exemption from registering with the SEC under section 203(l) or
(m) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; any insurance company as defined in
section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act; any investment company registered under the
Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in section 2(a)(48)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940; any Small Business Investment Company licensed by
the U.S. Small Business Administration under section 301(c) or (d) of
the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any Rural Business Investment Company as
defined in section 384A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act; any plan
established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality
of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan
has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; any employee benefit plan within the meaning of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 if the investment decision is made
by a plan fiduciary, as defined in section 3(21) of such act, which is either a bank,
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment adviser, or if
the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed
plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors;

(2) Any private business development company as
defined in section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940;

Exhibit A

(3) Any organization described in section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, partnership,
or limited liability company, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities
offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

(4) Any director, executive officer, or general
partner of the issuer of the securities being offered or sold, or any director, executive
officer, or general partner of a general partner of that issuer;

(5) Any natural person whose individual net worth,
or joint net worth with that persons spouse or spousal equivalent, exceeds $1,000,000
(provided, for purposes of calculating net worth under this paragraph (5), that (A) the
persons primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (B) indebtedness
that is secured by the persons primary residence, up to the estimated fair market
value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be included
as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of
sale of securities exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other
than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall
be included as a liability) and (C) indebtedness that is secured by the persons
primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at
the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability);

(6) Any natural person who had an individual income
in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that persons
spouse or spousal equivalent in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable
expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;

(7) Any trust, with total assets in excess of
$5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose
purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) under
the Securities Act;

(8) Any entity in which all of the equity owners
are Accredited Investors;

(9) Any entity, of a type not listed in paragraph (1),
(2), (3), (7), or (8), not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered,
owning investments in excess of $5,000,000;

(10) Any natural person holding in good standing
one or more professional certifications or designations or credentials from an accredited
educational institution that the SEC has designated as qualifying an individual for accredited
investor status;

(11) Any natural person who is a knowledgeable
employee, as defined in rule 3c-5(a)(4) under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (17 CFR 270.3c-5(a)(4)), of the issuer of the securities being offered
or sold where the issuer would be an investment company, as defined in section 3 of
such act, but for the exclusion provided by either section 3(c)(1) or section 3(c)(7) of
such act;

Exhibit A

(12) Any family office, as defined
in rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1):
(i) with assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, (ii) that is not formed
for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and (iii) whose prospective
investment is directed by a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and
business matters that such family office is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
the prospective investment; and

(13) Any family client, as defined
in rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1)),
of a family office meeting the requirements in paragraph (12) above and whose prospective
investment in the issuer is directed by such family office pursuant to paragraph (a)(12)(iii) above.

The undersigned hereby certifies
to the Company that, as of the date of this Accredited Investor Questionnaire, the undersigned is an Accredited Investor under the following
category set forth above (e.g., (1) through (13) of the definition of Accredited Investor above): __________.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

Exhibit A

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this Accredited Investor Questionnaire on the date set forth above.

[ ]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit A

Exhibit B

FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT

This Joinder Agreement (this
Joinder Agreement), dated as of [], is executed by the undersigned pursuant to the terms of the Amended and
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of [] (the Company), dated as of [], 2025 (as amended,
supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the LLC Agreement), by and among the
Company and the members of the Company from time to time party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in the LLC Agreement.

(1) Acknowledgements. The undersigned hereby
acknowledges and agrees that (a) it has received and reviewed a complete copy of the
LLC Agreement, (b) by executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement, it is agreeing
to become a party to the LLC Agreement as a Member thereunder and shall be
fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, conditions and provisions of
the LLC Agreement as a Member party thereto, (c) it has had sufficient
time to consider the LLC Agreement and to consult with an attorney if it wished to do so,
or to consult with any other Person of its choosing, before signing this Joinder Agreement
and (d) it has willingly executed and delivered this Joinder Agreement with full understanding
of the legal and financial consequences of this Joinder Agreement and the LLC Agreement.

(2) Agreements. The undersigned hereby
agrees that, upon execution and delivery to the Company of this Joinder Agreement, the undersigned
(a) shall become a party to the LLC Agreement as a Member thereunder and
shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, conditions and provisions
of the LLC Agreement as a Member party thereto, and (ii) makes the representations,
warranties and acknowledgments set forth in Section 18.1 of the LLC Agreement to the
Company and to each other Member as of the date of this Joinder Agreement.

(3) Governing Law. This Joinder Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
without regard to its conflicts of law doctrine.

(4) Counterparts. This Joinder Agreement
may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being
deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute
the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Joinder Agreement by portable
document format (PDF) or other electronic transmission will be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Joinder Agreement.

(5) Headings. The headings of the various
sections of this Joinder Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and
shall not be deemed to be a part of this Joinder Agreement.

(6) Register of Members. For purposes of
the Register of Members, the undersigneds address and e-mail address are as follows:

Exhibit
B

Address:

E-mail Address:

[__________]

Date: 

By:

Title:

Exhibit
B

Exhibit C

FORM OF TRANSFEREE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

[NAME OF POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE]

[ADDRESS]

Attention:

Re: Confidentiality Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with a possible
transaction (the Transaction) involving the sale or transfer of limited liability company interests of []
(the Company) owned, held or controlled by [INSERT NAME OF TRANSFEROR] (the Transferor) to
[INSERT NAME OF POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE] (the Potential Transferee), the Transferor is prepared to make available to
the Potential Transferee certain Confidential Information (as defined below). As a condition to such Confidential Information being furnished
to the Potential Transferee, the Potential Transferee hereby agrees that it will comply with the following terms of this letter agreement
(this Confidentiality Agreement):

1. Confidential
Information. (a) Confidential Information means any (x) confidential, business, financial or proprietary
information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any confidential, business, financial or proprietary information regarding
the business or affairs of any member of the Company in respect of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (in any such case, whether
in written, oral or electronic form), that has been obtained by, or on behalf of, the Potential Transferee or any of its Representatives
from the Company or any of its subsidiaries, from the Transferor, or from any of their respective Representatives and (y) notes,
analyses, compilations, studies, interpretations or other documents prepared by the Potential Transferee or any of its managers, officers,
directors, employees, partners, investors, members, representatives, attorneys, accountants, auditors, trustees, insurers, other professional
advisors and financing sources (collectively, Representatives), which contain, reflect or are based upon the information
referred to in clause (x) above. Confidential Information shall not include information which (A) is known or becomes
known to the public in general (other than as a result of a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereunder or otherwise by the Transferor,
the Potential Transferee or any of their respective Representatives), (B) is or becomes available to the Potential Transferee on
a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries, the Transferor or any of their respective Representatives
(provided, that the Potential Transferee is not aware that such source is under an obligation to keep such Confidential Information
confidential) prior to such information being provided to the Potential Transferee by or on behalf of (or obtained from) the Company,
any of its subsidiaries, the Transferor or any of their respective Representatives or (C) is independently developed by the Potential
Transferee or any of its Representatives without reference to the Confidential Information.

Exhibit
C

(b) The Potential Transferee
recognizes and acknowledges the competitive value and confidential nature of the Confidential Information and the damage that could result
to the Company, the Transferor and any other member of the Company if any Confidential Information is disclosed to a third party, and
hereby agrees that it will keep strictly confidential and will not disclose, divulge or use for any purpose, other than to evaluate the
Transaction, any of the Confidential Information; provided, however, that any of the Confidential Information may be disclosed,
on a confidential basis, to any of the Potential Transferees Representatives that need to know such information for the purpose
of evaluating the Transaction. The Potential Transferee shall cause its Representatives to comply, and the Potential Transferee shall
be responsible for ensuring that its Representatives comply, with the restrictions set forth in this Confidentiality Agreement as if
such Representatives were a party hereto and bound by such restrictions, and shall be responsible and liable for any breach of any such
restrictions by any of its Representatives.

2. Disclosure
of Confidential Information. In the event that the Potential Transferee or any of its Representatives determines, in good faith upon
the advice of counsel, that disclosure of Confidential Information is required under applicable law or regulation, or is required by
governmental or by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the Potential Transferee or such Representative, the Potential Transferee
or such Representative will, to the extent legally permitted and practicable under the circumstances, promptly provide the Transferor
and the Company with written notice so that they may seek an appropriate protective order or other remedy and/or waive compliance with
the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement and, if requested by the Transferor or the Company, assist the Transferor or the Company
to seek such a protective order or other remedy. Provided that such foregoing notice (to the extent legally permitted and practicable
under the circumstances) is furnished, if, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy, the Potential Transferee or any of its
applicable Representatives is, in the opinion of its counsel, required to disclose Confidential Information, the Potential Transferee
or such Representative may disclose pursuant to this Section 2 only that portion of such Confidential Information, and only
to those parties, that such counsel has advised is required to be disclosed, without liability under this Confidentiality Agreement.

3. Return
and Destruction of Confidential Information. In the event that the Potential Transferee decides not to proceed with the Transaction,
the Potential Transferee will promptly inform the Transferor of that decision. In that case, or at any time upon the request of the Transferor
for any reason, the Potential Transferee will, as directed by the Transferor, promptly deliver to the Transferor or the Company all Confidential
Information (and any copies thereof). Upon the Transferors request, the Potential Transferee shall provide the Transferor with
prompt written confirmation of the Potential Transferees compliance with this Section 3. Notwithstanding the return
or destruction of the Confidential Information, the Potential Transferee and its Representatives shall continue to be bound by the obligations
of confidentiality and other obligations and agreements hereunder.

4. No
Representations or Warranties. The Potential Transferee understands, acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries, the Transferor nor any other member of the Company makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to
the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, the Transferor nor
any other member of the Company shall have any liability to the Potential Transferee or to any of its Representatives relating to or
resulting from the use of the Confidential Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom. Only those representations or warranties
which are made in a final definitive agreement regarding any Transaction, when, as and if executed and delivered, and subject to such
limitations and restrictions as may be specified therein, will have any legal effect.

Exhibit
C

5. Injunctive
Relief. It is hereby agreed and acknowledged that it will be impossible to measure in money the damages that would be suffered by
the Company and the Transferor if the Potential Transferee fails to comply with any of the obligations imposed on it by this Confidentiality
Agreement and that in the event of any such failure, the Transferor and the Company will be irreparably damaged and will not have an
adequate remedy at law. The Transferor and the Company shall, therefore, be entitled to injunctive relief, specific performance or other
equitable remedies to enforce such obligations, this being in addition to any other remedy to which either the Transferor or the Company
is entitled at law or in equity. The Potential Transferee hereby waives any defense that a remedy at law is adequate and any requirement
to post bond or other security in connection with actions instituted for injunctive relief, specific performance or other equitable remedies.
The Potential Transferee hereby agrees not to assert that specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies are unenforceable,
violate public policy, invalid, contrary to law or inequitable for any reason. The right of specific performance, injunctive relief and
other equitable remedies is an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Confidentiality Agreement.

6. Governing
Law. THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT AND ANY CONFLICTS ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED UNDER,
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, ALL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES BEING GOVERNED BY SAID LAWS, REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN
UNDER APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. EACH OF THE TRANSFEROR AND THE POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE
CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BROUGHT AGAINST THE TRANSFEROR OR THE POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE WITH RESPECT
TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTER RELATED HERETO SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN SUCH COURTS. EACH
OF THE TRANSFEROR AND THE POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION IT MAY HAVE
OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN SUCH A COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH OF THE TRANSFEROR AND THE POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE HEREBY CONSENTS TO PROCESS
BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ITS ADDRESS
SPECIFIED BELOW, OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE TRANSFEROR AND THE POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY,
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

Exhibit
C

7. Term.
This Confidentiality Agreement will terminate on the earlier of (a) two (2) years from the date hereof and (b) the Potential
Transferee executing a Joinder Agreement to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of
[ l ], 2025, among the Company and its members, as amended, supplemented, amended
and restated or otherwise modified from time to time; provided, however, that no such termination of this Confidentiality
Agreement shall relieve the Potential Transferee from any liability relating to any breach of this Confidentiality Agreement.

8. Notices.
All notices, requests, waivers and other communications made pursuant to this Confidentiality Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been effectively given, delivered, provided or received (a) when personally delivered to the party to be notified;
(b) when sent by electronic mail (e-mail) to the party to be notified; (c) three (3) business days
after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, addressed to
the party to be notified; or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a national overnight delivery service, postage prepaid,
addressed to the party to be notified with next-business day delivery guaranteed, in each case as follows:

to the Transferor, at:

[ ]

to the Potential Transferee, at:

[ ]

A party may change its address
or e-mail address for purposes of notice hereunder by giving notice of such change to the other party in the manner provided in this
Section 8.

9. Miscellaneous.
This Confidentiality Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Transferor and the Potential Transferee regarding its subject
matter and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, arrangements and discussions between the Transferor and the Potential Transferee
regarding such subject matter. It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay by the Transferor or the Company in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. No provision in this Confidentiality
Agreement can be waived or amended except by written consent of the Transferor, the Potential Transferee and the Company, which consent
shall specifically refer to the provision to be waived or amended and shall explicitly make such waiver or amendment. This Confidentiality
Agreement may be signed by electronic transmission and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all
of which shall be deemed to constitute a single instrument. If any provision of this Confidentiality Agreement is found to violate any
statute, regulation, rule, order or decree of any governmental authority, such invalidity shall not be deemed to affect any other provision
hereof or the validity of the remainder of this Confidentiality Agreement, and such invalid provision shall be deemed deleted herefrom
to the minimum extent necessary to cure such violation. The provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective legal representatives, heirs, administrators, executors, successors and permitted
assigns. The Potential Transferee may not assign this Confidentiality Agreement without the prior written consent of the Transferor and
the Company. The Potential Transferee agrees and acknowledges that the Company shall be an express third party beneficiary hereof, having
all rights to enforce this Confidentiality Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

Exhibit
C

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Confidentiality Agreement as of this __ day of ________, 20__.

Very truly yours,

TRANSFEROR

[ ]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONFIRMED AND AGREED

as of the date written above: 

POTENTIAL TRANSFEREE 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit
C

EXHIBIT E

Governance Term
Sheet

EXECUTION
VERSION

Summary
of Terms of Governance Documents

Capitalized
terms used in this Summary of Terms of Governance Documents (this Governance Term Sheet) and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2024 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the TSA) to which this Governance Term Sheet is attached as
Exhibit 4.

New TopCo: New
TopCo will be a newly formed Delaware limited liability company that will be treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. New TopCo and its subsidiaries shall be
referred to herein, individually, as a Company and, collectively, the Companies.

Parties to New LLC Agreement: On
the Plan Effective Date, New TopCo will enter into a limited liability company agreement
(the New LLC Agreement) with each Person that receives New Common Units
(as defined below) in connection with the Transactions.

Persons
that own or hold New Common Units from time to time are referred to herein, each as a Unitholder
and, collectively, the Unitholders.

New Common Units: The
New LLC Agreement shall provide for the following two classes of limited liability company
interests: (i) Class A Voting Common Units (Class A Common Units), and
(ii) Class B Limited-Voting Common Units (Class B Common Units). The
Class A Common Units and the Class B Common Units are collectively referred to in this Governance
Term Sheet as the New Common Units. Class A Common Units will be voting
units and will be issued on the Plan Effective Date in accordance with the TSA. Class B Common
Units will be limited-voting units and may be issued from time to time pursuant to awards
granted to directors, managers, officers and employees of any of the Companies under a management
incentive plan to be adopted by the New Board (as defined below), as determined by the New
Board in its sole discretion.

None
of the New Common Units will be listed for trading on a securities exchange, and none of
the Companies will be required to file reports with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission unless it is required to do so pursuant to the Exchange Act.

The
New Board shall decide whether the New Common Units will be certificated or uncertificated
and the identity of the transfer agent, if any, for the New Common Units.

References herein to any class or series
of New Common Units shall apply to limited liability company interests or other equity securities of New TopCo issued to Unitholders
in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution of, such class or series of New Common Units by reason of any reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, spin-off, partial or complete liquidation, unit dividend, split-up, sale
of assets, distribution to unitholders or combination of such class or series of New Common Units or any other change in New TopCos
capital structure.

Board of Managers: The New
Board shall consist of five (5) managers on the Plan Effective Date (each manager on the New Board, a Manager
and, collectively, the Managers). The Managers are to be appointed or elected as follows:

(i) the
following number of individuals designated by Unitholders
that are Affiliates of Golub Capital LLC (collectively, Golub Unitholders):
(x) two (2) individuals for so long as the Golub Unitholders own or hold a number of Class
A Units that is equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0%) of the number of Class A Common
Units owned or held by the Golub Unitholders on the Plan Effective Date and (y) one (1) individual
for so long as the Golub Unitholders own or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal
to or greater than thirty percent (30.0%) of the number of Class A Common Units owned or
held by the Golub Unitholders on the Plan Effective Date, but less than fifty percent (50.0%)
of the number of Class A Common Units owned or held by the Golub Unitholders on the Plan
Effective Date (such individuals, the Golub Managers and each, a Golub
Manager);

(ii) one
(1) individual designated by Unitholders that are Affiliates of LCM Asset Management LLC
(collectively, LCM Unitholders) for so long as the LCM Unitholders own
or hold a number of Class A Units that is equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0%)
of the number of Class A Common Units owned or held by the LCM Unitholders on the Plan Effective
Date;

(iii) one
(1) individual who is not employed by (A) any of the Companies or (B) any of the Unitholders
or any of their respective Affiliates as of the time that such person is designated to be
a Manager or at any time three (3) months prior to such time (an Independent Designee)
designated by vote of Specified Unitholders (as defined below) holding a plurality of the
votes of the Class A Common Units present in person or represented by proxy at a meeting
of Specified Unitholders held for purposes of electing such individual (or by the Majority
Specified Unitholders (as defined below) acting by written consent); and

-2- 

(iv) the
individual serving as the Chief Executive Officer of New TopCo (the Chief Executive
Officer and as a Manager, the CEO Manager).

If at any time (A) a designation right
of Unitholder(s) set forth in clause (i) or clause (ii) above or (B) any designation right that is transferred pursuant
to the fourth paragraph of this Board of Managers section of this Governance Term Sheet (any such designation right
described in clause (A) or clause (B), together with the designation right set forth in clause (iii) above,
a Designation Right) terminates or is reduced, the Manager(s) serving on the New Board as a result of such terminated
or reduced Designation Right shall be removed from the New Board at the request of the Majority Unitholders (as defined below), the
vacancy created thereby shall be filled by vote of Unitholders holding a plurality of the votes of the Class A Common Units present
in person or represented by proxy at a meeting of Unitholders held for purposes of filling such vacancy (or by the Majority Unitholders
acting by written consent), and the reduction or termination of such Designation Right shall be permanent and shall not be reversed
if the applicable Unitholder(s) shall thereafter own or hold Class A Common Units equal to or greater than the applicable specified
threshold. The Designation Right set forth in clause (iii) above shall not be subject to termination or reduction.

The term Majority Unitholders
means, as of any time of determination, Unitholders that collectively own or hold greater than fifty percent (50.0%) of the issued
and outstanding Class A Common Units as of such time of determination. The term Majority Specified Unitholders
means, as of any time of determination, Specified Unitholders as of such time of determination who collectively own or hold greater
than fifty percent (50.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units owned or held by all Specified Unitholders as of such
time of determination. The term Specified Unitholders means Unitholders that, as of the time of determination,
do not have a Designation Right pursuant to clause (i) or clause (ii) above.

Designation Rights of a Designating Group (as defined
below) shall be transferable to any Person or group of Persons that are Affiliates of one another that (i) acquires at least fifty
percent (50.0%) of the Designating Groups Class A Common Units in such transfer and (ii) owns, individually or together with
its Affiliates, immediately after giving effect to such transfer, at least ten percent (10.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class
A Common Units as of such time. A Designating Group that is transferred a Designation Right pursuant to this paragraph shall continue
to have such Designation Right for so long as such Designating Group owns or holds at least ten percent (10.0%) of the issued
and outstanding Class A Common Units.

-3- 

The term Designating Group
means any of the following groups of Unitholders: (a) the Golub Unitholders, (b) the LCM Unitholders and (c) any group of Unitholders
that acquires a Designation Right pursuant to the fourth paragraph of this Board of Managers section of this Governance
Term Sheet; provided, that a group of Unitholders will cease to be a Designating Group once the Unitholders
in such group do not have a Designation Right.

Each Major Unitholder (as defined below) (each, an
Observer Unitholder) shall have the right to appoint one (1) observer to the New Board (a Board Observer);
provided, that an Observer Unitholder shall not be entitled to have a Board Observer at any time when any of the Managers
is an employee of such Observer Unitholder or any of its Affiliates (other than any of the Companies). Each Board Observer shall
be reimbursed for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Board Observer in connection with
attending any Meeting (as defined below).

The term Major Unitholder means
each Unitholder that owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) at least five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class
A Common Units as of the Plan Effective Date (immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, including
all payments and distributions to be made on or as of the Plan Effective Date); provided, that a Unitholder will permanently
cease to be a Major Unitholder once such Unitholder owns or holds (together with its Affiliates) less than five percent
(5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units.

The chairperson of the New Board (the Chairperson)
shall be one of the Golub Managers, as determined by the Golub Unitholders; provided, however, that if the Golub Unitholders
are not permitted to designate two (2) Golub Managers pursuant to their Designation Right, then the Chairperson shall be a Manager
elected by the New Board.

Managers not employed by any of the Companies, any
of the Unitholders or any Affiliates of any of the Unitholders shall receive market-rate compensation from New TopCo, such market-rate
compensation to be determined by the Majority Unitholders. Each Manager shall be reimbursed for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the performance of his or her duties as a Manager.

-4- 

The New Board may, by majority vote, establish one or more committees
of the New Board to exercise the powers of the New Board,
subject to the limitations set forth in the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the DLLCA). Each Manager
that is elected pursuant to a Designation Right shall have the right to serve on any such committee of the New Board (other than
any committee that is established to evaluate, consider, approve, negotiate or otherwise deal with a contract, transaction or other
matter with respect to which such Manager, or the Unitholders that designated such Manager (which, in the case of an Independent
Designee, shall only include Specified Unitholders that own or hold (together with their respective Affiliates), as of the time of
determination, at least fifteen percent (15.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units owned or held by all Specified
Unitholders as of such time), has/have a conflict of interest) with at least the same proportional voting rights as such Manager
has on the New Board. The provisions of this paragraph shall be deemed to be included in a Designation Right. For the avoidance of
doubt, no committee shall be authorized to take any action that the New Board could not take itself.

None of
(A) the Unitholders (except any Unitholder that is an employee of any of the Companies, any Unitholder that is a family member of
an employee of any of the Companies, or any Unitholder that is controlled by an employee of any of the Companies or any such employees
family members), (B) the Managers (except any Manager that is employed by any of the Companies (including the Chief Executive Officer)
or is a family member of any employee of any of the Companies), or (C) the Affiliates of any Unitholders described in clause (A)
or the Affiliates of any of the Managers described in clause (B) (except any such Affiliate that is an employee of any
of the Companies, any such Affiliate that is a family member of any employee of any of the Companies, or any such Affiliate that
is controlled by any employee of any of the Companies or any such employees family members) (the foregoing Persons, the Identified
Persons) will be subject to any fiduciary or other duty, including any duty relating to the doctrine of corporate (or
analogous) opportunity or any other similar doctrines and the New LLC Agreement will provide for a broad corporate (or analogous)
opportunity waiver in favor of all Identified Persons. The New LLC Agreement shall provide that the fiduciary duties of the Identified
Persons shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DLLCA. 

Nothing
contained in the New LLC Agreement shall limit or otherwise impact the ability of any Identified Person (i) to, directly or indirectly,
sell or purchase the debt or equity securities of any Person (other than New TopCo) or (ii) from engaging or competing in any line
of business.

-5- 

Quorum
and Voting: A quorum for meetings of the New Board
will require the attendance of a majority of the Managers then in office; provided,however,
that for so long as the Golub Unitholders have the right to designate two (2) Golub Managers pursuant to their Designation Right,
a quorum for any meeting of the New Board will require the attendance of at least one Golub Manager. Except with respect to the actions
listed on Schedule A, the vote of a majority of the Managers present and entitled to vote at a meeting at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the New Board, unless the express provision of a statute requires a different vote, in which case such
express provision shall govern and control. Any Manager or member of any committee of the New Board may participate in any meeting
of the New Board or any committee of the New Board (each such meeting, a Meeting) through the use of any means
of communication by which all persons participating can hear each other at the same time or by any other means permitted by the DLLCA.
Any Manager or member of any committee of the New Board participating in any such Meeting by any such means of communication is deemed
to be present in person at such Meeting.

Any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the New Board may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if the lesser of the following consent
thereto in writing: (a) four (4) members of the New Board and (b) all members then-serving on the New Board; provided, that
Required Managers (as defined below) may act by written consent as set forth in the Certain Transactions Requiring Approval
of Majority Unitholders and Required Managers section of this Governance Term Sheet.

Removal of Managers: Except for any removal of a Manager on account of
the termination or reduction of a Designation Right, the Unitholder(s) entitled to designate a Manager pursuant to a Designation
Right (including the Majority Specified Unitholders in the case of the Independent Designee) shall have the exclusive right to require
removal, whether with or without cause, of the Manager(s) that has/have been designated by such Unitholder(s). If for any reason
the individual serving as the Chief Executive Officer shall cease to serve as the Chief Executive Officer, then (x) such individual
shall be automatically removed as a Manager, and (y) the successor Chief Executive Officer shall be automatically appointed as a
Manager when such person becomes the Chief Executive Officer. Any Manager that is not designated pursuant to a Designation Right
and is not the Chief Executive Officer may be removed, with or without cause, by the Majority Unitholders.

-6- 

Vacancies on the
New Board: Except for any vacancy on the New Board
created as a result of the resignation or removal of a Manager on account of the termination or reduction of a Designation Right,
any vacancy on the New Board resulting from the resignation or removal of a Manager that was designated pursuant to a Designation
Right, or resulting from any such Manager becoming unable to serve on the New Board as a result of death, disability or otherwise,
shall be filled by the Unitholder(s) then entitled to designate such Manager pursuant to such Designation Right (including the Majority
Specified Unitholders in the case of the Independent Designee). Any vacancy on the New Board resulting from the resignation or removal
of a Manager that is not designated pursuant to a Designation Right (other than the Chief Executive Officer), or resulting from any
such Manager becoming unable to serve on the New Board as a result of death, disability or otherwise, shall be filled by vote of
Unitholders holding a plurality of the votes of the Class A Common Units present in person or represented by proxy at a meeting of
Unitholders held for purposes of filling such vacancy (or by the Majority Unitholders acting by written consent). Any vacancy on
the New Board resulting from the resignation or removal of a Manager on account of the termination or reduction of a Designation
Right, shall be filled by vote of Unitholders holding a plurality of the votes of the Class A Common Units present in person or represented
by proxy at a meeting of Unitholders held for purposes of filling such vacancy (or by the Majority Unitholders acting by written
consent).

Board Meetings: Regular meetings of the New Board shall
be held at such time or times as may be determined by the New Board. In addition, the Chairperson or any two (2) Managers may call
a special meeting of the New Board. Any such regular or special meeting may be done in person or by remote communication.

Subsidiaries: The composition of the board of directors, board of
managers or other governing body of any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of New TopCo (including any committee thereof)
(each, a Subsidiary Governing Body) shall be comprised of one or more executive employees of any of the Companies
or other individuals selected or approved by the New Board that are not employees of any of the Unitholders or any of their respective
Affiliates (other than the Companies), except for any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of New TopCo which is either (i)
a limited liability company that is managed by its members, (ii) a limited partnership that is managed by its general partner, or
(iii) required by Law or contract to have a different composition.

Special Meetings of Unitholders: Special meetings of the Unitholders may be called
by the New Board or at the written request of the Unitholders or group of Unitholders who collectively own or hold at least twenty
percent (20.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units.

Action by written consent of the Unitholders without
a meeting shall be permitted. Action by written consent shall require the consent of the Unitholders that own or hold the same percentage
of New Common Units that would be required to take the same action at a Unitholder meeting at which all then-issued and outstanding
New Common Units entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

-7- 

Certain
Transactions Requiring Approval of Majority Unitholders and Required Managers: None
of the Companies shall take any of the actions listed onSchedule
A attached hereto without the approval of the New Board and the Majority Unitholders and the Required Managers.

The
term Required Managers means the vote of 66 2/3% of the votes of all of the Managers present and entitled to
vote at a meeting of the New Board at which a quorum is present; provided, that the votes of the CEO Manager shall be excluded
for all purposes of this calculation. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is a meeting of the New Board and (i) five (5) Managers
are present and entitled to vote at such meeting, then Required Managers shall require the vote of three (3) Managers (excluding
the CEO Manager), and (ii) four (4) Managers (including the CEO Manager) are present and entitled to vote at such meeting, then Required
Managers shall require the vote of two (2) Managers (excluding the CEO Manager). The Required Managers may also act by written consent
if Managers holding not less than the total number of votes that would be necessary to authorize the action by Required Managers
at a meeting of the New Board at which all Managers then in office were present and voted.

Amendments: Any amendments to the New LLC Agreement
will require the approval of the Majority Unitholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no amendment or modification of any provision of the New LLC Agreement (including any amendments
made pursuant to or in connection with a merger, consolidation or reorganization of New TopCo, except in connection with a Sale Transaction
(as defined below)) relating to:

(i) Transfers,
Right of First Offer, Tag-Along Rights, Drag-Along Rights, Preemptive
Rights, Information Rights or Limitations on Affiliate Transactions shall, in any such case,
be made without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Super-Majority Unitholders (as defined below);

-8- 

(ii) any
decrease or increase in the size of the New Board, the Designation Right of any Unitholder or group of Unitholders (including the
right to transfer any Designation Right, to the extent applicable), the right of any Unitholder or group of Unitholders to remove
any Manager that was designated pursuant to the Designation Right of such Unitholder or group of Unitholders, the right of any Manager
that was elected pursuant to the Designation Right of any Unitholder or group of Unitholders to serve on any committee of the
New Board, the right of any Unitholder or group of Unitholders to fill the vacancy on the New Board created by the resignation, removal
or inability to serve on the New Board of any Manager that was designated pursuant to the Designation Right of such Unitholder or
group of Unitholders, or the appointment or removal and replacement of the Chairperson, shall, in any such case, be made without
the affirmative vote or written consent of (A) each Designating Group and (B) the Majority Specified Unitholders;

(iii) the
elimination or limitation of fiduciary duties of the Identified Persons, including any duty relating to the doctrine of corporate
(or analogous) opportunity or any other similar doctrines, shall be made without the affirmative vote or written consent of each
Designating Group;

(iv) the
right of any Observer Unitholder to appoint, remove and/or replace a Board Observer or any of the rights of such Board Observer shall
be made without the affirmative vote or written consent of each Major Unitholder;

(v) the
definition of Super-Majority Unitholders shall be made without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Super-Majority
Unitholders;

(vi) the
definitions of Majority Specified Unitholders or Specified Unitholders shall, in either such case, be
made without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Majority Specified Unitholders;

(vii) the
proviso in the first sentence of the Quorum and Voting section of this Governance Term Sheet or the definitions of
Golub Unitholders or Designating Group shall, in any such case, be made without the affirmative vote
or written consent of the Golub Unitholders;

(viii) the
definitions of LCM Unitholders or Designating Group shall, in either such case, be made without the affirmative
vote or written consent of the LCM Unitholders; and

(ix) the
amendments section of the New LLC Agreement shall be made without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Unitholder(s) or
requisite percentage or number of Unitholders that would be required to amend the underlying provision of such New LLC Agreement
to which such amendment or modification relates.

-9- 

In addition, no amendment or modification of any
provision of the New LLC Agreement (including any amendments made pursuant to or in connection with a merger, consolidation or reorganization of
New TopCo, except in connection with a Sale Transaction) that would materially and adversely affect the rights or materially increase
the obligations of any Unitholder set forth in the New LLC Agreement in a manner that is disproportionate in any material respect
to the comparable rights and obligations of the Majority Unitholders (without regard to any effect resulting from (x) the individual
circumstances of any such Unitholder, (y) the differences in the respective percentages of ownership of New Common Units of the Unitholders
or (z) the different classes or series of New Common Units owned by the Unitholders) shall be made without the affirmative vote or
written consent of such affected Unitholder; provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the creation
of a new class or series of equity interests of New TopCo, nor the issuance of any additional New Common Units or other equity interests
of New TopCo, shall be deemed to adversely affect the rights or obligations of any Unitholder.

The
term Super-Majority Unitholders means, as of any time ofdetermination,
Unitholders that collectively own or hold at least 66.0% of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units as of such time.

Transfers: New Common Units will be transferable
by the holders thereof (a) only in transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and (b) subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (i) delivery to New
TopCo of a written notice of such transfer not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such transfer, (ii) delivery to New TopCo
of representation letters from the transferor and the transferee (including a representation from the transferee that the transferee
is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
(an Accredited Investor)), (iii) delivery to New TopCo of an opinion of counsel to the transferor to the effect
that such transfer complies with applicable federal and state securities laws, and (iv) the transferees execution of a joinder
to the New LLC Agreement (unless the transferee is already a party to the New LLC Agreement). Transfers that do not satisfy the foregoing
conditions prior to the consummation thereof shall be void ab initio and will not be recognized by New TopCo. Any conditions
set forth in clause (b) above may be waived by New TopCo.

-10- 

Any transfer, or
series of transfers, of New Common Units (w) that, if consummated, would (1) result in any violation of applicable Law, (2) result
in New TopCo having, in the aggregate, 1,000 or more holders of record (as such concept is understood for purposes of Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act) of any class of New Common Units, or 400 or more holders of record (as such concept is understood for purposes
of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act) of any class of New Common Units that are not Accredited Investors, (3) require New TopCo
to register any equity interests of New TopCo under the Exchange Act, (4) cause New Topco to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (5) cause the underlying assets of New Topco to be deemed plan assets
as defined under certain labor regulations or constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of the
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
(x) to a Person that is not an Accredited Investor, (y) to a Competitor (as defined below), or (z) to any Person that is the target
of any sanctions or is a controlled Affiliate of any such Person, in any such case, will be void ab initio and will not be
recognized by New TopCo. Nothing contained in the New LLC Agreement shall prevent the Unitholders from transferring, hypothecating,
pledging or otherwise disposing of New Common Units or their ownership rights in New Common Units for the purpose of effecting margin
transactions or in connection with any financing activity or arrangement undertaken by the Unitholders or their Affiliates in the
ordinary course of business.

A transfer of New Common Units
in a Sale Transaction by a Selling Unitholder (as defined below) or a Dragged Unitholder (as defined below) shall not be subject
to the requirements of this Transfers section, other than clause (a) above.

In addition to the foregoing,
Class B Common Units will be subject to additional transfer restrictions and risks of forfeiture to be set forth in a management
incentive plan to be adopted by the New Board and/or any agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing or governing
an award issued under any such management incentive plan.

The term Competitor
means, as of any time of determination, (A) any Person that is identified by name on the Restricted List (as defined below) as of
such time of determination, which may include one or more Investment Funds (as defined below), (B) any Person that is engaged in
competition with any of the Companies as of such time, as reasonably determined by the New Board, and (C) any Person that is an Affiliate
of any Person referred to in clause (A) or clause (B) that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of any such Person
on the basis of such Affiliates name; provided, that, solely with respect to clause (B), a Competitor shall
not include (I) any Investment Fund or (II) any entity that is formed by an Investment Fund and whose only assets are or will be
(after giving effect to any proposed or contemplated transfer), directly or indirectly, New Common Units or other securities or indebtedness
of any of the Companies (it being understood that a Person described in clause (I) or clause (II) may be a Competitor
under clause (A) or clause (B)).

-11- 

The
term Restricted List means a schedule or list of disqualified transferees as determined by the New Board, as
such schedule or list may be amended, supplemented, updated or modified from time to time by the New Board.

The
term Investment Fund means a bona fide investment fund or other investment vehicle, such as a hedge fund,
private equity fund, an account, a share trust, an investment trust, an investment company, a pension fund, or an insurance company,
in each case, the business, operations or assets of which are held for investment purposes and the investments in which are professionally
managed.

Right
of First Offer: If any Unitholder (the Transferring
Unitholder) desires to transfer all or any portion of its New
Common Units to any Person (or group of Persons) in any transaction (or series of related transactions) (excluding (a) any transfer
of New Common Units by a Transferring Unitholder to one or more of its Affiliates and certain other permitted transferees and (b)
any transfer of New Common Units by a Transferring Unitholder that does not exceed, taken together with all other New Common Units
transferred by such Transferring Unitholder and all of its Affiliates at any time during the twelve (12) month period ending on the
date of such transfer (excluding transfers made pursuant to the Tag-Along Rights or Drag-Along Rights
sections of this Governance Term Sheet and transfers otherwise made in compliance with this Right of First Offer section
(without giving effect to this clause (b)), one percent (1.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units as of the
date of such transfer) (a ROFO Transaction), the Transferring Unitholder must give notice (a ROFO
Notice) to each Major Unitholder (each, a ROFO Unitholder), setting forth the material terms and
conditions of such ROFO Transaction (the Proposed Terms), including the number of New Common Units proposed
to be transferred (the Offered Units) and the purchase price (which purchase price must be exclusively in cash).
Each ROFO Unitholder shall have ten (10) business days following receipt of the ROFO Notice to elect to purchase, on the Proposed
Terms, up to its full pro rata share of the Offered Units. If any of the ROFO Unitholders do not elect to purchase their respective
full pro rata portions of the Offered Units, then the ROFO Unitholders that have elected to purchase their full pro rata
portions of the Offered Units shall be offered the right to purchase such unpurchased Offered Units (and such procedure of offering
and purchasing Offered Units shall be repeated until either (x) there are no unpurchased Offered Units or (y) no ROFO Unitholders
elect to purchase any such unpurchased Offered Units). If the ROFO Unitholders do not elect to purchase all of the Offered Units,
then the Transferred Unitholder shall not be obligated to sell any of the Offered Units to the ROFO Unitholders and the Transferring
Unitholder shall have the right, for a period of ninety (90) days, to sell all (but not less than all) of the Offered Units
not sold to the ROFO Unitholders to a third party at a purchase price in cash that is no lower than the purchase price specified
in the ROFO Notice and upon other terms that are, in the aggregate, no more favorable to the third party than the other Proposed
Terms specified in the ROFO Notice.

-12- 

Preemptive
Rights: New TopCo shall not,
and New TopCo shall not cause or permit any of its subsidiaries to, sell
or issue additional equity interests (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any options, warrants or other securities that are convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, New Common Units, limited liability company interests or shares of capital stock) (collectively,
Additional Securities) to any Person (including any then-current Unitholder), other than in a pro rata
distribution to all Unitholders that own or hold New Common Units of a particular class or series and certain other customary exceptions,
unless New TopCo or its applicable subsidiary offers to permit each Significant Unitholder (as defined below) that is an Accredited
Investor (any such Significant Unitholder, a Preemptive Unitholder) to purchase its pro rata portion
(calculated on the basis of the Class A Common Units owned or held by such Preemptive Unitholder relative to the Class A Common Units
owned or held by all Preemptive Unitholders) of such Additional Securities on the same terms and conditions as each other Preemptive
Unitholder. If any of the Preemptive Unitholders do not elect to purchase their respective full pro rata portions of the Additional
Securities, then the Preemptive Unitholders that have elected to purchase their full pro rata portions of the Additional Securities
shall be offered the right to purchase any such unpurchased Additional Securities (and such procedure of offering and purchasing
Additional Securities shall be repeated until either (x) there are no unpurchased Additional Securities or (y) no Preemptive Unitholders
elect to purchase any such unpurchased Additional Securities).

The
term Significant Unitholders means, as of any time of determination, any Unitholder that owns or holds (together
with its Affiliates) at least five percent (5.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units as of such time.

Tag-Along
Rights: If one or more Unitholders (the
Initiating Unitholders) desires to transfer Class A Common Units representing forty percent (40.0%)
or more of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units to any Person (or group of Persons) (the Transferee)
in any transaction (or series of related transactions) (excluding any transfer of Class A Common Units by an Initiating Unitholder
to one or more of its Affiliates and certain other permitted transferees) (a Tag-Along Transaction), the Initiating
Unitholders must give notice to each other holder of Class A Common Units (the Tag-Along Sellers) at least ten
(10) business days prior to the consummation of such Tag-Along Transaction, setting forth the material terms and conditions of such
Tag-Along Transaction, and arrange for each Tag-Along Seller to have the opportunity to include in such Tag-Along Transaction at
least a corresponding percentage of Class A Common Units owned or held by such Tag-Along Seller. The tag- along right may be exercised
by any Tag-Along Seller delivering a written notice to the Initiating Unitholders (or a designated representative of the Initiating
Unitholders) within five (5) business days following receipt of written notice of the proposed Tag-Along Transaction by the Initiating
Unitholders.

-13- 

Tag-Along Sellers
shall receive the same form and amount of consideration per Class A Common Unit that is being paid to the Initiating Unitholders
in connection with the Tag-Along Transaction, except that if the Initiating Unitholders are given an option as to the form of consideration
to be received in exchange for their Class A Common Units, each of the Tag-Along Sellers shall only need to be given the same option
with respect to their Class A Common Units. 

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Governance Term Sheet, holders of Class B Common Units shall not be entitled to tag-along rights in respect
of Class B Common Units held by any such holder.

Drag-Along Rights: If one or more Unitholders that
own or hold greater than fifty percent (50.0%) of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units (the Selling Unitholders)
decide to effect, approve or otherwise take any action that would cause the occurrence of, or desire to consummate, a Sale Transaction
to or with any Person other than the Selling Unitholders or any Affiliates thereof, then New TopCo or the Selling Unitholders will
have the right to require all other Unitholders (the Dragged Unitholders) to, among other things, (i)
sell a percentage of their New Common Units corresponding to the aggregate percentage of the New Common Units owned or held by the
Selling Unitholders that are proposed to be included in such Sale Transaction; (ii) vote such Dragged Unitholders New Common
Units, whether by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise, in favor of the Sale Transaction and not raise any objection thereto; (iii)
enter into agreements with the purchaser in the Sale Transaction on terms and conditions substantially identical to those applicable
to the Selling Unitholders; (iv) obtain any required consents; (v) waive and refrain from exercising any appraisal, dissenters or
similar rights; (vi) not assert any claim against any of the Companies, any Manager, any member of any committee of the New Board,
any member of any Subsidiary Governing Body or any other Unitholder or any Affiliates of any of the foregoing in connection with
the Sale Transaction; and (vii) take any and all reasonably necessary action in furtherance of the consummation of the Sale Transaction.

-14- 

Each
Unitholder shall receive, in respect of each New Common Unit to be sold by such Unitholder in the Sale Transaction, the same form
and amount of consideration paid in such Sale Transaction that is being paid to each other Unitholder in respect of New Common Units
of the same class or series, except that if any Unitholder is given an option as to the form of consideration to be received in exchange
for each New Common Unit of any class or series held by such Unitholder, each other Unitholder holding New Common Units of the same
class or series need only be given the same option.

Any
Class B Common Units transferred in a Sale Transaction by a Selling Unitholder or a Dragged Unitholder shall immediately and automatically
convert into Class A Common Units upon the consummation of such Sale Transaction.

Sale
Transaction means the sale, lease, transfer, issuance or other disposition, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, of (i) all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Companies (including by or through the issuance,
sale, contribution, transfer or other disposition (including by way of reorganization, merger, share or unit exchange, consolidation
or other business combination) of at least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the voting securities of any direct and/or
indirect subsidiary or subsidiaries of New TopCo if substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Companies are held by such
subsidiary or subsidiaries) or (ii) at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units (whether directly or indirectly
or by way of any merger, share or unit exchange, recapitalization, sale or contribution of equity, tender offer, reclassification,
consolidation or other business combination transaction or purchase of beneficial ownership), to (in either case of clause (i)
or clause (ii)) any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act, or any successor provision).

Confidentiality: Subject
to certain permitted disclosures (including (i) disclosures to a Unitholders advisors and representatives and (ii) disclosures
to a prospective transferee of Class A Common Units who executes and delivers to New TopCo a confidentiality agreement substantially
in the form of confidentiality agreement attached as an exhibit to the New LLC Agreement), each Unitholder will be required to hold
in strict confidence any confidential, business, financial or proprietary information such Unitholder receives regarding any of the
Companies, or any confidential, business, financial or proprietary information of any other Unitholder in respect of any of the Companies
(Confidential Information), whether such Confidential Information is received from any of the Companies, any
Manager, any Board Observer, another Unitholder, any Affiliate of New TopCo or another Unitholder, or any agents or advisors of any
thereof. Such confidentiality obligations shall commence on the Plan Effective Date and end on the second anniversary of the
date such Unitholder no longer owns any New Common Units.

-15- 

In
the event that any Unitholder proposes to sell or otherwise transfer any New Common Units to a third party in compliance with the
transfer restrictions described in this Governance Term Sheet, such Unitholder may make available to the potential transferee Confidential
Information relating to the Companies (including Confidential Information obtained by such Unitholder from any Manager or Board Observer),
subject to the prior execution by such potential transferee of a confidentiality agreement substantially in the form of confidentiality
agreement attached as an exhibit to the New LLC Agreement.

Information
Rights: Prior to New TopCo becoming obligated to file reports under
the Exchange Act, subject to the confidentiality provisions
referred to above, each Unitholder that holds Class A Common Units shall be entitled to receive (a) annual audited consolidated financial
statements of New TopCo, and (b) quarterly unaudited consolidated financial statements of New TopCo for each of New TopCos
first three fiscal quarters during each fiscal year, in any such case within the time frames required for the delivery of such financial
statements under the Companies credit documents as of the Plan Effective Date. If New Topco does not produce consolidated
financial statements at the New Topco level, but does produce consolidated financial statements at the level of one of its subsidiaries,
then, in lieu of making available such consolidated financial statements of New Topco, New Topco shall make available to each Unitholder
that holds Class A Common Units the consolidated financial statements of its applicable subsidiary.

At the option of New TopCo, New TopCo may make available the
information described above on a password-protected website that is only available to Unitholders that hold Class A Common Units.
As a condition to gaining access to the information posted on such website, a Unitholder may be required to click through
or take other affirmative action pursuant to which such
Unitholder shall (i) confirm and ratify that it is a party to, and bound by all of the terms and provisions of, the New LLC Agreement,
(ii) acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect of such information and (iii) certify its status as a Unitholder that
holds Class A Common Units.

Limitations
on Affiliate Transactions: Any transaction or series of related transactions between any
of the Companies, on the one hand, and any Person who,
together with its Affiliates, owns or holds five percent (5.0%) or more of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Units or is
an Affiliate of any such Person (other than any of the Companies), on the other hand (an Affiliate Transaction),
involving aggregate payments or other consideration in excess of an agreed amount per annum shall require the approval of a
majority of the Managers that are disinterested with respect to such Affiliate Transaction.

-16- 

Registration Rights: If New TopCo (or any successor or subsidiary of
New TopCo) consummates an underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement
covering the common equity of New TopCo (or any successor or subsidiary of New TopCo) (Company Securities) that
results in such Company Securities being listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market (an IPO),
then the Significant Unitholders shall be entitled to the following registration rights:

Demand Rights: Any Significant
Unitholder or group of Significant Unitholders (acting together) that own or hold at least ten percent (10.0%) of all of the Company
Securities that are issued and outstanding as of such time may request that New TopCo effect the registration under the Securities
Act of a specified number of registrable securities held by such Significant Unitholder(s). Subject to certain exceptions, New TopCo
will not be required to effect the demand right more than three times.

Piggyback Registration:
Any Significant Unitholder shall be entitled to reasonable and customary piggyback registration rights.

Termination of Rights: The rights of the Unitholders under the New LLC Agreement (other
than Registration Rights set forth above) shall terminate upon the consummation of an IPO.

Governing Law and Forum: Delaware.

-17- 

EXECUTION
VERSION

Schedule
A

Actions
Requiring Majority Unitholder and Required Managers Approval

1. Distributions
or dividends made by any of the Companies to Unitholders that own or hold Class A Common
Units that are not made to such Unitholders (a) on a pro rata basis (based on the
number of Class A Common Units owned or held by such Unitholders immediately prior to such
distribution or dividend), or (b) in the same form.

2. Repurchases
or redemptions of Class A Common Units made by any of the Companies that are not made (a)
on a pro rata basis (based on the number of Class A Common Units owned or held by
all Unitholders immediately prior to such repurchases or redemptions), or (b) in the same
form of consideration.

3. Transfer
New TopCo to or domesticate or continue New TopCo in any jurisdiction other than the State
of Delaware.

4. Consummate
any initial public offering of securities.

5. List
any securities on any securities exchange, or register any securities with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission.

6. Convert
any Company to a corporation, a statutory trust, a business trust, an association, a real
estate investment trust, a common-law trust or any other incorporated or unincorporated business
or entity or make any change in any Companys entity classification for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

7. Any
of the following: (a) merging with, or consolidating into, another entity, regardless of
whether the applicable Company is the survivor, (b) selling, leasing or exchanging all or
substantially all of a Companys property and assets, including its goodwill, or (c)
consummating any Sale Transaction, in any such case, other than (i) any such transaction
that is consummated as an internal restructuring transaction (including the dissolution or
merger of any immaterial or dormant Company) or that is consummated as part of a financing
transaction, in any such case that is not material to the businesses or operations of the
Companies, taken as a whole, and (ii) as set forth in the provision entitled Drag-Along
Rights.

EXHIBIT F

Schedule of Retained Causes of Action

Pursuant to the Plan, the Debtors previously
disclosed their intention to retain Causes of Action in Article IV.N therein, as set forth below:

In accordance with section 1123(b) of the
Bankruptcy Code, but subject to the releases and exculpation set forth in this section and in Article IX of the Plan, all
Causes of Action that a Debtor may hold against any Entity shall vest in the applicable Reorganized Debtor on the Effective Date, including
each Cause of Action set forth in the schedule of retained Causes of Action included in the Plan Supplement. Thereafter, the Reorganized
Debtors shall have the exclusive right, authority, and discretion to determine and to initiate, file, prosecute, enforce, abandon, settle,
compromise, release, withdraw, or litigate to judgment any such Causes of Action, whether arising before or after the Petition Date,
and to decline to do any of the foregoing without the consent or approval of any third party or further notice to or action, order, or
approval of the Bankruptcy Court. No Entity may rely on the absence of a specific reference in the Plan, the Plan Supplement, or the
Disclosure Statement to any specific Cause of Action as any indication that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors shall not pursue any
and all available Causes of Action. The Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve all rights to prosecute any and all Causes
of Action against any Entity, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, and, therefore, no preclusion doctrine, including
the doctrines of res judicata, collateral estoppel, issue preclusion, claim preclusion, estoppel (judicial, equitable, or otherwise)
or laches, shall apply to any Cause of Action upon, after, or as a consequence of the Confirmation or the occurrence of the Effective
Date. In addition, the Debtors and the Reorganized Debtors expressly reserve the right to pursue or adopt any claims alleged in any lawsuit
in which any of the Debtors are a plaintiff, defendant, or an interested party, against any Person or Entity, including, without limitation,
the plaintiffs or co-defendants in such lawsuits. For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance shall any Cause of Action preserved pursuant
to Article IV.N of the Plan include any Claim or Cause of Action released or exculpated under the Plan (including, without
limitation, by the Debtors).

Notwithstanding and without limiting the generality
of Article IV.N of the Plan, included herein are certain specific types of Causes of Action that are expressly preserved by the
Debtors and/or Reorganized Debtors.

In addition, pursuant to the Order (I) Authorizing
the Debtors to File a Consolidated Creditor Matrix and List of the 30 Largest Unsecured Creditors; (II) Waiving the Requirement
to File a List of Equity Security Holders; (III) Authorizing the Debtors to Redact Certain Personally Identifiable Information;
and (IV) Granting Related Relief [Docket No. 73], the Debtors prepared and filed with the Court a consolidated creditor
matrix [Docket No. 90]. To the extent not released pursuant to the Plan, the Debtors expressly retain all Causes of Action against
any entity listed in the creditor matrix, regardless of whether such entity is expressly identified herein, to the extent such entity
or entities owe or may in the future owe money to the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors.

The below includes certain entities that are
party to or that the Debtors believe may become party to litigation, arbitration, or any other type of adversarial proceeding or dispute
resolution proceeding, whether formal or informal, judicial or non-judicial. Unless otherwise released by the Plan, the Debtors expressly
reserve all Causes of Action against or related to all entities that are party to or that may in the future become party to litigation,
arbitration, or any other type of adversarial proceeding or dispute resolution proceeding, whether formal or informal, judicial or non-judicial,
including, without limitation, dealers, creditors, customers, employees, utilities, suppliers, vendors, insurers, sureties, factors,
lenders, bondholders, lessors, carriers, or any other parties, regardless of whether such entity is expressly identified herein.

1. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against lien claimants in connection with lien disposition,
including, without limitation, Causes of Action related to rights of setoff and contractual
breaches.

2. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against vendors, customers, carriers, and property owners
related to payment shortfalls, past due payments, and contractual breaches, including, without
limitation, Causes of Action related to rights of setoff, contractual breaches, and lease
defaults.

3. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units related to, among other things,
sales and other tax refunds and attributes, and tax audits, investigations, or other similar
reviews including, without limitation, Causes of Action related to rights of setoff, and
all Causes of Action against or related to all entities that assert or may assert that the
Debtors or Reorganized Debtors owe taxes to them.

4. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted in relation to Insurance Contracts.

5. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses based in whole or in part upon any and all postings of security deposits, adequate
assurance payments, or any other type of deposit, prepayment, or collateral.

6. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units related to, among other things,
the importing of goods into the United States, and the exporting of goods from the United
States, including, without limitation, customs regulations, entries and liquidations, duties
and tariffs (including payments, protests, and related), inspections and certifications;
and other import and export activities.

7. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units related to, among other things,
product safety and compliance, including, without limitation, regulations relating to the
packaging, transportation and shipment of consumer goods, regulations relating to consumer
product safety laws, regulations, certifications, inspections, and testing, and California
Proposition 65.

2 

8. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims, and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental
Units, employees, customers, and other individuals related to, among other things, store operations, site health, customer and employee
safety, and code compliance including, without limitation occupational safety and health citations, building code violations, and
store and website accessibility claims.

9. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units, customers, and other individuals
related to, among other things, product pricing and promotions.

10. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units, customers, and other individuals
related to, among other things, product warranties.

11. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units, employees, customers, and other
individuals related to, among other things, environmental regulations.

12. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against customers, and other individuals related to, among
other things, store experiences and team member interaction.

13. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units, employees, and other individuals
related to privacy, including, but not limited to, matters initiated under the Telephone
and Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) or the California Invasion of Privacy Act.

14. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses based in whole or in part upon intellectual property or any and all contracts,
leases, and licenses to which the Debtors are a party or pursuant to which any of the Debtors
have any rights whatsoever.

15. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted against Governmental Units, employees, and other individuals
related to, among other things, investigations or similar reviews of employment matters,
including, without limitation, various matters pending before the equal opportunity commissions
of several states including, but not limited to, Delaware and Texas.

16. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses that may be asserted under Chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, except, for the
avoidance of doubt, any claims which are released under the Plan.

3 

17. Causes of Action, potential counterclaims,
and defenses, among other things, that may be asserted in the following cases, proceedings,
and/or threatened cases and proceedings:

a. Anne Heiting v. The Container Store, Inc.,
Case No. 23STCVC20250, stayed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County
of Los Angeles.

b. Cantwell
v. The Container Store, Inc., Case No. 24-cv-06920-BMC, administratively closed pending further Order of the Bankruptcy
Court in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York.

c. Gravel Rating Systems LLC v. The Container
Store, Inc., Case No. 4:22-cv-01000, stayed in the U.S. District Court for
the Eastern District of Texas Sherman Division.

d. Hayes v. The Container Store, Inc.,
Case No. 20CV363825, pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, County
of Santa Clara.

e. Hernandez v. The Container Store, Inc.,
Case No. 1:24-cv-24519-RNS, pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of Florida.

f. Lisa Irving v. The Container Store, Inc.,
Case No. CGC-20-586616, pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, County
of San Francisco.

g. Mark Cadigan and Mika Pyyhkala, on behalf
of themselves and all others similarly situated v. The Container Store, Inc., Case
No. 20-2119B, pending in the Suffolk County Superior Court.

h. The Container Store v. United States et
al, Case No. 1:20-cv-01880, stayed in the Court of International Trade.

i. Various third-party subpoenas, civil investigative
demands, and discovery requests received by the Debtors in matters not against or including
the Debtors from various parties.

4 

EXHIBIT G

Directors and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors1

The members of the Reorganized Board shall consist of a number of
members determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion, which shall consist of members appointed in a manner
determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion and set forth in the New Organizational Documents for Reorganized
Parent.

The identity and affiliations
of Persons presently proposed to serve on the Reorganized Board are as follows:

1. Satish Malhotra

2. TBD

3. TBD

4. TBD

5. TBD

The Debtors shall disclose
the identity and affiliations of any other Person proposed to serve on the Reorganized Board or as a director, manager, or officer of
a Reorganized Debtor as soon as such Persons are known and determined, to the extent determined prior to confirmation of the Plan. To
the extent not so determined, such directors, managers, or officers will be appointed in accordance with the New Organizational Documents.

The composition of the board
of directors, board of managers or other governing body of any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reorganized Parent (each,
a Subsidiary Governing Body) shall be comprised of one or more executive employees of any of the Companies or other
individuals selected or approved by the Reorganized Board in accordance with the New Organizational Documents.

Each of the directors, managers,
sole managers and officers of each of the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall serve pursuant to the terms of the applicable
New Organizational Documents of such Reorganized Debtor or Reorganized Parent, as applicable, and may be designated, replaced, or removed
in accordance with such New Organizational Documents.

The existing officers of
the Debtors as of the Effective Date shall remain in their current capacities as officers of the Reorganized Debtors, subject to their
right to resign and the ordinary rights and powers of the Reorganized Board to remove or replace them in accordance with the New Organizational
Documents and any applicable employment agreements that are assumed pursuant to the Plan.

Except to the extent that
a member of the board of directors of the Parent is designated in this exhibit to serve as a manager of the Reorganized Board on the
Effective Date, the members of the board of directors of the Parent prior to the Effective Date shall have no continuing obligations
to the Reorganized Debtors on or after the Effective Date, and each such director shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise
cease to be a director of the Reorganized Parent on the Effective Date.

1 Unless
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the Plan. The selection process for the Reorganized Board is still ongoing and
the contents of this exhibit may be supplemented or revised in an amended Plan Supplement.

EXHIBIT H

Rejected Executory Contract/Unexpired Lease
List

The Debtors hereby provide notice that, pursuant
to section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors propose to reject the Executory Contract listed on the rejection schedule below (the
Rejection Schedule) as of the Petition Date.

The Plan Supplement Documents, or portions thereof,
remain subject to continuing negotiations among the Debtors and interested parties with respect thereto. Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of the Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 19] (including any exhibits and schedules thereto and as may be modified, amended,
or supplemented, the Plan),1
the Debtors reserve the right to amend or supplement this Exhibit H, and any of the documents and designations
contained herein, as provided for by the Plan or by order of the Court.

The Debtors listing of an Executory Contract
or Unexpired Lease on the Rejection Schedule shall not be deemed or construed as (a) a promise by the Debtors to seek the rejection
of such contract or lease, (b) a limitation or waiver on the Debtors ability to amend, modify or supplement the Rejection
Schedule, (c) a limitation or waiver on the Debtors ability to seek to assume or reject any Executory Contract or Unexpired
Lease, or (d) an admission that any potential Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease is, in fact, an Executory Contract or Unexpired
Lease under section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code. Moreover, the Debtors explicitly reserve their rights, in their sole discretion, to reject
or assume each Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and nothing herein (a) alters
in any way the prepetition nature of such agreements or the validity, priority, or amount of any claims of a counterparty such agreements
against the Debtors that may arise under such agreements, (b) creates a postpetition contract or agreement, or (c) elevates
to administrative expense priority any claims of a counterparty to an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease against the Debtors that
may arise under such agreements. Any Rejection Damages Claims for Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases that the Debtors, with the
consent of the Required Consenting Term Lenders, elect to reject shall be treated in accordance with the Plan and applicable provisions
of the Bankruptcy Code; provided, that if such Claim is a Subordinated Claim, such Claim shall not be paid in full on the Effective
Date and instead shall be treated as a Subordinated Claim pursuant to the terms of this Plan.

The Debtors reserve all their rights, claims
and causes of action with respect to the Executory Contracts listed on the Rejection Schedule, including the right to amend, revise,
or supplement the Rejection Schedule for any reason whatsoever, including based on objections received to Article V of the
Plan or otherwise.

1 Unless
otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Plan.

Rejection Schedule

Debtor Counterparty
Name Description
of Rejected 

Executory Contract

The
Container Store Group, Inc. Beyond, Inc. Securities
Purchase Agreement dated as of October 15, 2024, and any and all executory agreements ancillary thereto

The
Container Store Group, Inc. Beyond, Inc. Collaboration
Agreement dated as of October 15, 2024, and any and all executory agreements ancillary thereto

IN THE UNITED STATES
BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
OF TEXAS

HOUSTON DIVISION

------------------------------------------------------------ x 

: 

In re: : Chapter 11 

: 

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC., et al., : Case No. 24-90627 (ARP) 

Debtors.1 : 

: (Jointly Administered) 

: 

------------------------------------------------------------ x 

NOTICE OF FILING OF SECOND
AMENDED

PLAN SUPPLEMENT TO THE
FIRST AMENDED PREPACKAGED JOINT 

PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OF THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC. AND

ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE

On
January 14, 2025, in connection with the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor
Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 19] (as may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time,
including Docket No. 165, the Plan),2 the above-captioned
debtors and debtors in possession (collectively, the Debtors) filed the Notice of Filing of Plan Supplement
to the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 132] (the including any exhibits and schedules thereto and as may be further amended, modified, or supplemented
from time to time, the Plan Supplement).

On January 23, 2025,
the Debtors filed the Notice of Filing of First Amended Plan Supplement to the Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container
Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code [Docket No. 170].

The Debtors hereby
file the following amended document as part of the Plan Supplement, which replaces and supersedes all prior-filed versions of such document
(which remain subject to ongoing negotiations among the Debtors and interested parties in accordance with the Plan and Transaction Support
Agreement):

Exhibit Plan
Supplement Document

G Directors
and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors

1 The Debtors in these cases, together
with the last four digits of each Debtors taxpayer identification number, are: The Container
Store Group, Inc. (5401); The Container Store, Inc. (6981); C Studio Manufacturing Inc. (4763);
C Studio Manufacturing LLC (5770); and TCS Gift Card Services, LLC (7975). The Debtors
mailing address is 500 Freeport Parkway, Coppell, TX 75019. 

2 Capitalized terms used but not
otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

Attached hereto as Attachment
1 is a redline to reflect any amendments or modifications made to the document contained in this Plan Supplement since the prior-filed
version.

On January 24, 2025, the
Court entered the Order (I) Approving Debtors Disclosure Statement and (II) Confirming First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan
of Reorganization of the Container Store Group, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code

[Docket No. 181] confirming the Plan. The Plan
Supplement has been deemed incorporated into and part of the Plan as if set forth therein in full. The documents and designations contained
in this Plan Supplement are integral to, and considered part of, the Plan.

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Transaction Support Agreement, the Debtors reserve the right to alter, modify, or supplement
any document that is part of, or add any document to, the Plan Supplement. To the extent that the Debtors make any additional
amendments or modifications to any documents that are part of the Plan Supplement (each, a Revised Plan Supplement Document),
the Debtors shall file with the Court a redline comparing the Revised Plan Supplement Document against the relevant Plan Supplement document
attached hereto for the convenience of the Court and all parties in interest. None of the information contained herein or in any Revised
Plan Supplement Document shall be deemed final or binding on the Debtors prior to the Effective Date of the Plan.

The Plan Supplement, the
Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and related materials can be obtained free of charge at the Debtors public restructuring website
maintained by Kurtzman Carson Consultants, LLC d/b/a Verita Global (the Solicitation Agent) at www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore
or by contacting the Solicitation Agent at (888) 251-3046 (U.S. / Canada, toll-free), (310) 751-2615 (International, toll), or www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore/inquiry.
In addition, such documents are available for inspection for a fee on the Courts electronic case filing system at www.txs.uscourts.gov
using a PACER password (to obtain a PACER password, go to the PACER website at http://pacer.psc.uscourts.gov).

THIS NOTICE IS BEING SENT
TO YOU FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE PLAN OR ABOUT ANYTHING STATED HEREIN,
OR IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT THE SOLICITATION AGENT AT THE NUMBER OR EMAIL ADDRESS SPECIFIED
ABOVE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE SOLICITATION AGENT CANNOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE.

2

Dated: January 27, 2025 Respectfully submitted,

Houston, Texas 

/s/ Timothy
A. (Tad) Davidson II

HUNTON ANDREWS KURTH LLP

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II (Texas Bar
No. 24012503)

Ashley L. Harper (Texas Bar No. 24065272)

Philip M. Guffy (Texas Bar No. 24113705)

600 Travis Street, Suite 4200

Houston, TX 77002

Telephone: (713) 220-4200

Email: taddavidson@HuntonAK.com

ashleyharper@HuntonAK.com

pguffy@HuntonAK.com

- and -

LATHAM & WATKINS LLP

George A. Davis (NY Bar No. 2401214)

Hugh Murtagh (NY Bar No. 5002498)

Tianjiao (TJ) Li (NY Bar No. 5689567)

Jonathan J. Weichselbaum (NY Bar No. 5676143)

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Telephone: (212) 906-1200

Email: george.davis@lw.com

hugh.murtagh@lw.com

tj.li@lw.com

jon.weichselbaum@lw.com

Ted A. Dillman (CA Bar No. 258499)

355 South Grand Avenue, Suite 100

Los Angeles, CA 90071

Telephone: (213) 485-1234

Email: ted.dillman@lw.com

Proposed Co-Counsel for the Debtors and

Debtors in Possession

Certificate of Service

I certify that on January
27, 2025, a true and correct copy of the foregoing document was served by the Electronic Case Filing System for the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of Texas on those parties registered to receive electronic notices.

/s/ Timothy A. (Tad)
Davidson II

Timothy A. (Tad) Davidson II

3

EXHIBIT G

Directors
and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors1

The members of the Reorganized Board
shall consist of a number of members determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion, which shall consist of members
appointed in a manner determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion and set forth in the New Organizational
Documents for Reorganized Parent.

The identity and affiliations of Persons presently
proposed to serve on the Reorganized Board are as follows:

1. Satish Malhotra: A
seasoned retail executive with decades of diverse experience, Satish Malhotra joined The
Container Store in February 2021 as Chief Executive Officer and President. Satish has led
the company through its articulation of a new brand purpose, the launch of the Organized
Insider loyalty program and The Container Store App, the opening of its first small-format
stores, significant eCommerce improvements, a renewed focus on the customer experience and
Custom Spaces business, including an in-home design service, key additions to The Container
Store leadership team, and the release of the companys first-ever sustainability report.
In 2022, Satish led The Container Store through its strategic acquisition of ClosetWorks,
and the launch of a premium, wood-based custom space line, Preston, alongside a new Custom
Spaces brand architecture that pushes beyond custom closets. In 2024, the companys
modular, Elfa Custom Spaces offering expanded with his oversight into key categories with
the launch of Elfa Garage and enhanced functionalities with the launch of Decor+. In parallel,
his focus on innovation and whole-home solutions drove the launch of The Everything Organizer,
a private label collection of general merchandise products that complement The Container
Stores Custom Spaces lines and can work in any area of the home. All these developments
enable The Container Store to transform lives through the power of organization and address
nearly any customer need. Under his leadership, initiatives like in-store mobile checkout,
efficiencies in web order processing, and implementation of a new store communication tool
led to the company being recognized as a 2023 Forbes Customer Experience All Star, further
demonstrated by a consistent, strong net promoter score. Additionally, The Container Store
App reached a 4.7 App Store rating, ranking within the top 200 apps in shopping. In 2022,
The Container Stores branding campaign won Grand Prize and Strategy of the Year in
the PR Daily Content Marketing Awards and Best Use of TikTok in Digidays Content Marketing
Awards. Before joining The Container Store, Satish held various leadership roles at prestige
beauty retailer Sephora Americas for more than 20 years. He served most recently as Chief
Retail Officer and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for leading Sephoras retail
growth by expanding its in-store services and experiences, developing digitally enabled solutions,
and by growing its off-mall store locations. In prior roles, he was responsible for Technology,
Supply Chain, Store Development, Legal, Strategy and Partnerships, including the Sephora
inside JCPenney (SiJCP) business, which now operates in over 600 stores. He also spent several
years overseeing Sephoras expansion into Canada and Latin America. Highlights of his
career at Sephora include: transforming Sephoras IT department to a Center of Excellence
within parent company LVMH, launching all of Sephoras digital commerce properties
(including website, mobile, social and CRM), strengthening Sephoras supply chain to
enable 98% of online orders to be received by consumers within two business days, developing
an off-mall store concept which dramatically improved Sephoras accessibility to its
consumers, and led the efforts in creating Sephoras purpose of inspiring fearlessness.
Before joining Sephora, Satish was a Transaction Services Senior Associate at PwC. He is
a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). Throughout his career, Satish has excelled at developing
and growing new sales channels, solving complex back of the house problems
with innovative solutions, and attracting and developing high-performing talent. Leveraging
this expertise, he serves on the BigCommerce Board of Directors on the compensation committee.
In 2020, the World Retail Forum presented him with the Innovation Leadership Award and D
CEO recognized him as one of the most influential North Texas CEOs in 2023 and 2024. A graduate
of the University of California, Berkeley, Walter A. Haas School of Business with a Bachelor
of Science in Business Administration, Satish has also completed the LVMH Inspiring Entrepreneurs
Senior Executive Leadership Program. Malhotra currently resides in Flower Mound, Texas, with
his wife, two children and their Coton du Tulear.

1 Unless
otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the Plan. The selection process for the Reorganized Board is still ongoing and
the contents of this exhibit may be supplemented or revised in an amended Plan Supplement.

2. Joel
Bines: Mr. Bines is the Founder and Managing Partner of Spruce Advisory, a boutique advisory
firm serving ambitious investors, boards and executives. For nearly two-decades prior, Mr.
Bines led the global retail practice at the business consultancy AlixPartners, where he served
as a highly respected performance-improvement change agent for a wide-range of retailers,
brands and consumer businesses, including multiple domestic and international department
stores. Mr. Bines is also the author of the 2022 bestselling retail strategy book, The
Metail Economy. Mr. Bines currently serves on the boards of Belk, Grocery Holdings,
and the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Foundation.

3. Ian Greenhaus: Mr. Greenhaus joined Golub
Capital in 2023 and is the Head of BSL Workout. Prior to joining Golub Capital, Mr. Greenhaus
was a Managing Director on the Opportunistic Credit team at CIFC Asset Management, where
he focused on credit and equity opportunities across stressed and distressed issuers. Prior
to this position, he worked at Logen Asset Management as a Vice President, where he focused
on distressed, event-driven, and leveraged credit and equity opportunities. Prior to that,
Mr. Greenhaus worked at Whippoorwill Associates as a Senior Research Analyst, where he focused
on middle market distressed situations. Mr. Greenhaus earned his BBA from the Emory University
Goizueta Business School and he received an MBA from the NYU Stern School of Business.

4. Andrew
Wadhams: Mr. Wadhams is the founder of The Wadhams Group, a consumer products consulting
practice. Mr. Wadhams began his career in the Gap organization, where he led field operations
and expansion within the Gap, GapKids, and Banana Republic brands both domestically and internationally.
He ultimately was responsible for 800 locations generating $1.4B in sales. After Gap, he
specialized in taking PE-backed, distressed retail concepts, and improving both sales and
profitability. He created 3 successful exits; two were acquired, while one launched a successful
IPO. In addition, as COO of California Closets, Mr. Wadhams was tasked with creating a Company
Owned division. His team assessed, (re)purchased, and integrated over 30 franchisees
into a centralizing entity, successfully leveraging sales, manufacturing, and operational
support to drive profitability. Mr. Wadhams attended Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, and studied
Social Sciences with a concentration in Industrial Relations. He is currently a Board Advisor
the University of San Franciscos School of Business Management, and on the Board of
the Boy & Girls Clubs, San Leandro.

5. Michael
Nicholson: Mr. Nicholson is currently President and Chief Operating Officer of J.Crew Group,
Inc. He held the title of Interim Chief Executive Officer from April 11, 2019 until February
2, 2020 and served as Chief Financial Officer from January 2016 to August 2017. Previously,
he was Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
of ANN, Inc. from December 2012 until August 2015. From 2007 to 2012, he served as Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ANN, Inc. Prior to that, he spent
seven years at Limited Brands, Inc. holding various executive positions including Executive
Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Victorias
Secret Beauty Company. Earlier in his career, Mr. Nicholson held senior positions at Colgate
Palmolive and Altria Group, Inc. Mr. Nicholson received his bachelor's degree in accounting
from Niagara University and his master's degree in business administration from St. John's
University. Mr. Nicholson is also a Certified Public Accountant.

The composition of the board
of directors, board of managers or other governing body of any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reorganized Parent (each,
a Subsidiary Governing Body) shall be comprised of one or more executive employees of any of the Companies or other
individuals selected or approved by the Reorganized Board in accordance with the New Organizational Documents.

The identity and affiliations
of Persons presently proposed to serve on the board of the Reorganized The Container Store Group, Inc. are as follows:

1. Jeff
Miller: Jeff Miller has been with The Container Store since August 2013 and has served as
our Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. Jeff is responsible for the business areas
of Finance, Accounting, Real Estate, Information Security, Procurement and Internal Audit.
Previously, Jeff served as our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining
The Container Store, Jeff was at FedEx Office for over 10 years and served in a variety of
roles with increasing responsibility, progressing to Vice President and Controller from 2008
until his departure. Jeff began his career as an auditor with Arthur Andersen and Ernst &
Young. He brings over 25 years of accounting and finance experience to the Chief Financial
Officer role.

2. Satish Malhotra: See bio above.

The identity and affiliations of Persons
presently proposed to serve on the board of the Reorganized The Container Store, Inc. are as follows:

1. Jeff
Miller: See bio above.

2. Satish
Malhotra: See bio above.

Each of the directors, managers,
sole managers and officers of each of the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall serve pursuant to the terms of the applicable
New Organizational Documents of such Reorganized Debtor or Reorganized Parent, as applicable, and may be designated, replaced, or removed
in accordance with such New Organizational Documents.

The existing officers of
the Debtors as of the Effective Date shall remain in their current capacities as officers of the Reorganized Debtors, subject to their
right to resign and the ordinary rights and powers of the Reorganized Board to remove or replace them in accordance with the New Organizational
Documents and any applicable employment agreements that are assumed pursuant to the Plan.

Except to the extent that
a member of the board of directors of the Parent is designated in this exhibit to serve as a manager of the Reorganized Board on the
Effective Date, the members of the board of directors of the Parent prior to the Effective Date shall have no continuing obligations
to the Reorganized Debtors on or after the Effective Date, and each such director shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise
cease to be a director of the Reorganized Parent on the Effective Date.

ATTACHMENT 1

Redline of Directors
and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors

EXHIBIT G

Directors
and Officers of the Reorganized Debtors1

The members of the Reorganized Board
shall consist of a number of members determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion, which shall consist of members
appointed in a manner determined by the Required Consenting Lenders in their sole discretion and set forth in the New Organizational
Documents for Reorganized Parent.

The identity and
affiliations of Persons presently proposed to serve on the Reorganized Board are as follows:

1. Satish
Malhotra: A seasoned retail executive with decades of diverse experience, Satish
Malhotra joined The Container Store in February 2021 as Chief Executive Officer and President.
Satish has led the company through its articulation of a new brand purpose, the launch of
the Organized Insider loyalty program and The Container Store App, the opening of its first
small-format stores, significant eCommerce improvements, a renewed focus on the customer
experience and Custom Spaces business, including an in-home design service, key additions
to The Container Store leadership team, and the release of the companys first-ever
sustainability report. In 2022, Satish led The Container Store through its strategic acquisition
of ClosetWorks, and the launch of a premium, wood-based custom space line, Preston, alongside
a new Custom Spaces brand architecture that pushes beyond custom closets. In 2024, the companys
modular, Elfa Custom Spaces offering expanded with his oversight into key categories with
the launch of Elfa Garage and enhanced functionalities with the launch of Decor+. In parallel,
his focus on innovation and whole-home solutions drove the launch of The Everything Organizer,
a private label collection of general merchandise products that complement The Container
Stores Custom Spaces lines and can work in any area of the home. All these developments
enable The Container Store to transform lives through the power of organization and address
nearly any customer need. Under his leadership, initiatives like in-store mobile checkout,
efficiencies in web order processing, and implementation of a new store communication tool
led to the company being recognized as a 2023 Forbes Customer Experience All Star, further
demonstrated by a consistent, strong net promoter score. Additionally, The Container Store
App reached a 4.7 App Store rating, ranking within the top 200 apps in shopping. In 2022,
The Container Stores branding campaign won Grand Prize and Strategy of the Year in
the PR Daily Content Marketing Awards and Best Use of TikTok in Digidays Content Marketing
Awards. Before joining The Container Store, Satish held various leadership roles at prestige
beauty retailer Sephora Americas for more than 20 years. He served most recently as Chief
Retail Officer and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for leading Sephoras retail
growth by expanding its in-store services and experiences, developing digitally enabled solutions,
and by growing its off-mall store locations. In prior roles, he was responsible for Technology,
Supply Chain, Store Development, Legal, Strategy and Partnerships, including the Sephora
inside JCPenney (SiJCP) business, which now operates in over 600 stores. He also spent several
years overseeing Sephoras expansion into Canada and Latin America. Highlights of his
career at Sephora include: transforming Sephoras IT department to a Center of Excellence
within parent company LVMH, launching all of Sephoras digital commerce properties
(including website, mobile, social and CRM), strengthening Sephoras supply chain to
enable 98% of online orders to be received by consumers within two business days, developing
an off-mall store concept which dramatically improved Sephoras accessibility to its
consumers, and led the efforts in creating Sephoras purpose of inspiring fearlessness.
Before joining Sephora, Satish was a Transaction Services Senior Associate at PwC. He is
a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). Throughout his career, Satish has excelled at developing
and growing new sales channels, solving complex back of the house problems
with innovative solutions, and attracting and developing high-performing talent. Leveraging
this expertise, he serves on the BigCommerce Board of Directors on the compensation committee.
In 2020, the World Retail Forum presented him with the Innovation Leadership Award and D
CEO recognized him as one of the most influential North Texas CEOs in 2023 and 2024. A graduate
of the University of California, Berkeley, Walter A. Haas School of Business with a Bachelor
of Science in Business Administration, Satish has also completed the LVMH Inspiring Entrepreneurs
Senior Executive Leadership Program. Malhotra currently resides in Flower Mound, Texas, with
his wife, two children and their Coton du Tulear.

1 Unless otherwise defined
herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.
The selection process for the Reorganized Board is still ongoing and the contents of this
exhibit may be supplemented or revised in an amended Plan Supplement.

2. Joel Bines:
Mr. Bines is the Founder and Managing Partner of Spruce Advisory, a boutique advisory firm
serving ambitious investors, boards and executives. For nearly two-decades prior, Mr. Bines
led the global retail practice at the business consultancy AlixPartners, where he served
as a highly respected performance-improvement change agent for a wide-range of retailers,
brands and consumer businesses, including multiple domestic and international department
stores. Mr. Bines is also the author of the 2022 bestselling retail strategy book, The
Metail Economy. Mr. Bines currently serves on the boards of Belk, Grocery Holdings,
and the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Foundation.

3. Ian Greenhaus:
Mr. Greenhaus joined Golub Capital in 2023 and is the Head of BSL Workout. Prior to joining
Golub Capital, Mr. Greenhaus was a Managing Director on the Opportunistic Credit team at
CIFC Asset Management, where he focused on credit and equity opportunities across stressed
and distressed issuers. Prior to this position, he worked at Logen Asset Management as a
Vice President, where he focused on distressed, event-driven, and leveraged credit and equity
opportunities. Prior to that, Mr. Greenhaus worked at Whippoorwill Associates as a Senior
Research Analyst, where he focused on middle market distressed situations. Mr. Greenhaus
earned his BBA from the Emory University Goizueta Business School and he received an MBA
from the NYU Stern School of Business.

4. Andrew
Wadhams: Mr. Wadhams is the founder of The Wadhams Group, a consumer products consulting
practice. Mr. Wadhams began his career in the Gap organization, where he led field operations
and expansion within the Gap, GapKids, and Banana Republic brands both domestically and internationally.
He ultimately was responsible for 800 locations generating $1.4B in sales. After Gap, he
specialized in taking PE-backed, distressed retail concepts, and improving both sales and
profitability. He created 3 successful exits; two were acquired, while one launched a successful
IPO. In addition, as COO of California Closets, Mr. Wadhams was tasked with creating a Company
Owned division. His team assessed, (re)purchased, and integrated over 30 franchisees
into a centralizing entity, successfully leveraging sales, manufacturing, and operational
support to drive profitability. Mr. Wadhams attended Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, and studied
Social Sciences with a concentration in Industrial Relations. He is currently a Board Advisor
the University of San Franciscos School of Business Management, and on the Board of
the Boy & Girls Clubs, San Leandro.

5. Michael
Nicholson: Mr. Nicholson is currently President and Chief Operating Officer of J.Crew Group,
Inc. He held the title of Interim Chief Executive Officer from April 11, 2019 until February
2, 2020 and served as Chief Financial Officer from January 2016 to August 2017. Previously,
he was Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
of ANN, Inc. from December 2012 until August 2015. From 2007 to 2012, he served as Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of ANN, Inc. Prior to that, he spent
seven years at Limited Brands, Inc. holding various executive positions including Executive
Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Victorias
Secret Beauty Company. Earlier in his career, Mr. Nicholson held senior positions at Colgate
Palmolive and Altria Group, Inc. Mr. Nicholson received his bachelor's degree in accounting
from Niagara University and his master's degree in business administration from St. John's
University. Mr. Nicholson is also a Certified Public Accountant.

5. To be appointed in accordance
with the New Organizational Documents.

The
Debtors shall disclose the identity and affiliations of any other Person proposed to serve on the Reorganized Board or as a director,
manager, or officer of a Reorganized Debtor as soon as such Persons are known and determined, to the extent determined prior to confirmation
of the Plan. To the extent not so determined, such directors, managers, or officers will be appointed in accordance with the New Organizational
Documents.

The composition of
the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reorganized
Parent (each, a Subsidiary Governing Body) shall be comprised of one or more executive employees of any of the Companies
or other individuals selected or approved by the Reorganized Board in accordance with the New Organizational Documents.

The
identity and affiliations of Persons presently proposed to serve on the board of the Reorganized The Container Store Group, Inc. are
as follows:

1. Jeff Miller: Jeff
Miller has been with The Container Store since August 2013 and has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2020. Jeff is
responsible for the business areas of Finance, Accounting, Real Estate, Information Security, Procurement and Internal Audit. Previously,
Jeff served as our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining The Container Store, Jeff was at FedEx Office for
over 10 years and served in a variety of roles with increasing responsibility, progressing to Vice President and Controller from 2008
until his departure. Jeff began his career as an auditor with Arthur Andersen and Ernst & Young. He brings over 25 years of accounting
and finance experience to the Chief Financial Officer role.

2. Satish
Malhotra: See bio above.

The
identity and affiliations of Persons presently proposed to serve on the board of the Reorganized The Container Store, Inc. are as follows:

1. Jeff
Miller: See bio above.

2. Satish
Malhotra: See bio above.

Each of the directors,
managers, sole managers and officers of each of the Reorganized Debtors and Reorganized Parent shall serve pursuant to the terms of the
applicable New Organizational Documents of such Reorganized Debtor or Reorganized Parent, as applicable, and may be designated, replaced,
or removed in accordance with such New Organizational Documents.

The existing officers
of the Debtors as of the Effective Date shall remain in their current capacities as officers of the Reorganized Debtors, subject to their
right to resign and the ordinary rights and powers of the Reorganized Board to remove or replace them in accordance with the New Organizational
Documents and any applicable employment agreements that are assumed pursuant to the Plan.

Except to the extent
that a member of the board of directors of the Parent is designated in this exhibit to serve as a manager of the Reorganized Board on
the Effective Date, the members of the board of directors of the Parent prior to the Effective Date shall have no continuing obligations
to the Reorganized Debtors on or after the Effective Date, and each such director shall be deemed to have resigned or shall otherwise
cease to be a director of the Reorganized Parent on the Effective Date.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION

OF

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

The Container Store Group, Inc.,
a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of, and subject to the requirements of, the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law), hereby certifies that:

The name of the corporation
is The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation). The Corporation filed its original Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 29, 2007 under the name TCS Holdings, Inc. and was
subsequently amended and restated with the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on November 6, 2013 (as
amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the filing of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, the Current Certificate of Incorporation). This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Certificate of Incorporation),
which amends and restates the Current Certificate of Incorporation in its entirety, has been duly adopted without the need for approval
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or the stockholders of the Corporation pursuant to the First Amended Prepackaged Joint
Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code,
which was approved by an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, entered on
January 24, 2025 in jointly administered chapter 11 cases captioned In re: The Container Store Group, Inc., et al., Case No. 24-90627
(ARP), and in accordance with Section 303 of the General Corporation Law. This Certificate of Incorporation shall become effective
on the date of filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

The Current Certificate of
Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

FIRST: The name of
the corporation is The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND: The address
of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is c/o Cogency Global, Inc., 850 New Burton Rd #201, Dover,
Delaware, 19904. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is Cogency Global, Inc.

THIRD: The nature of
the business of the Corporation and its purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law).

-2-

FOURTH: The total number
of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 5,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per
share. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall not issue non-voting equity securities of any class, series
or other designation to the extent prohibited by Section 1123(a)(6) of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 
1011532, as amended (the Bankruptcy Code); provided, however, that the foregoing restriction
(a) shall have no further force and effect beyond that required under Section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) shall
only have such force and effect to the extent and for so long as such Section 1123(a)(6) is in effect and applies to the Corporation
and (c) may be amended or eliminated in accordance with applicable law as from time to time may be in effect.

FIFTH: The election
of directors need not be by written ballot.

SIXTH: The Board of
Directors shall have the power without the assent or vote of the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation
(the Bylaws), except to the extent that the Bylaws or this Certificate of Incorporation otherwise provide.

SEVENTH: To the fullest
extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, including, without limitation, Section 102(b)(7) of the General Corporation
Law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or to any of its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director; provided that nothing contained in this Article Seventh shall eliminate
or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
(ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under
Section 174 of the General Corporation Law or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit. If the General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal
liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted
by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. No amendment to or repeal of this Article Seventh shall apply to or have any effect
on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to
the effective date of such amendment or repeal.

EIGHTH: To the fullest
extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law, the Corporation shall indemnify any and all officers and directors
of the Corporation from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in and covered by said section,
and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any officer or director of the
Corporation may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or otherwise, both as to action or inaction in his or her
official capacity and as to action or inaction in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be an officer or director of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such
a person.

-3-

NINTH: The Corporation
reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by the General Corporation Law and any other applicable law, and all rights herein conferred upon stockholders or
directors are granted subject to this reservation.

TENTH: Unless the Corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction,
the federal district court for the District of Delaware (together with the Court of Chancery, the Delaware Courts
and, individually, a Delaware Court)) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum
for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation
Law, this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
in each case subject to the Delaware Court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. If
any action or proceeding the subject matter of which is within the scope of this Article Tenth is filed in a court other than a Delaware
Court (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the
personal jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce this Article Tenth
(an Enforcement Action) and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement
Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Any Person purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions
of this Article Tenth.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which amends and restates the Corporations Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to be made, executed and acknowledged by its duly authorized officer this 28th day of January,
2025, as directed by and provided for in the Order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, dated January 24,
2025, confirming the First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor
Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

of

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

(Effective as of January 28, 2025)

ARTICLE I

Offices

1. Business
Offices. The Container Store Group, Inc. (the Corporation) may have one or more offices at such place
or places, either within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors)
may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.

2. Registered
Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be as set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Corporation (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Certificate
of Incorporation), unless changed as provided by the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (as amended from time
to time, the DGCL).

ARTICLE II

Stockholders Meetings

1. Annual
Meetings. An annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors shall be held in each year on such
date and at such time as the Board of Directors shall designate. At any such annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote thereon
shall elect directors of the Corporation and shall transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting; provided,
however, that no annual meeting of stockholders need be held if directors are elected by written consent of the stockholders entitled
to vote thereon in lieu of an annual meeting, in accordance with Section 211 of the DGCL.

2. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or the Secretary of the Corporation when directed
to do so by the Board of Directors or upon the written request (which shall state the purpose or purposes therefor) delivered to the Corporation
by the holders of not less than twenty percent (20.0%) of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation (Common
Stock). The record date for determining the holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to request a special meeting of stockholders
shall be the date on which the first demand for a special meeting is made. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders
shall be limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice provided pursuant to Section 4 of this Article II.

3. Place
of Meetings. Meetings of stockholders may be held (i) at any place within or outside the State of Delaware designated by
the Board of Directors or, in the case of a special meeting called at the request of the stockholders holding the requisite percentage
of shares of Common Stock, the stockholders that requested such meeting to be called as set forth in the written request therefor, and/or
(ii) if the Board of Directors or such stockholders so determine, by means of remote communication. Any stockholder participating
in a meeting by remote communication is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. In the absence of any such designation by the Board
of Directors or such stockholders, stockholder meetings shall be held at the principal place of business of the Corporation.

4. Notice
of Meetings. Not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to each annual or special meeting of the Corporations
stockholders, written notice of the meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting (unless such notice is
waived by such stockholder as provided in Article IV of these Bylaws); provided, however, that
if greater notice is required by the DGCL, the applicable provisions of the DGCL shall govern. All notices shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been effectively given, delivered, provided or received (i) when personally delivered to the stockholder to be
notified; (ii) if given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL, in accordance with Section 232
of the DGCL; (iii) three (3) business days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by certified or registered
mail with return receipt requested, addressed to the stockholder to be notified; or (iv) one (1) business day after deposit
with a national overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder to be notified with next-business day delivery
guaranteed, in each case to such stockholder at its address or electronic mail address set forth in the stock records of the Corporation.
The notice of any meeting shall state the place (and/or any means of remote communication), if any, date and time of the meeting, and,
in the case of a notice of a special meeting, shall also state the purpose or purposes of the meeting, in each case consistent with these
Bylaws.

5. Stockholders
List. A complete record of the stockholders entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders (or an adjourned meeting described
in Section 9 of this Article II), arranged by class of shares and, within each class, in alphabetical order, showing
the address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class of stock registered in the name of such stockholder, shall be prepared
by the officer or agent of the Corporation who has charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation, provided that if the
record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders is less than ten (10) days before the
meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date. Such record of stockholders
shall be available for inspection by any stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting beginning ten (10) days before the meeting and
continuing through the day before the meeting, subject to the requirements of the DGCL, either on a reasonably accessible electronic network,
provided, that the information required to gain access to such network is provided with the notice of the meeting, or during ordinary
business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation.

-2-

6. Organization.
Any director selected by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such selection, the Chief Executive Officer (or, in the Chief
Executive Officers absence, any Vice President), shall call meetings of stockholders to order and act as chairperson of such meetings.
In the absence of said officers, any stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting, or any proxy of any such stockholder, may call the meeting
to order and a chairperson shall be elected by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of Common
Stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at such meeting. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the
Corporation or any person appointed by the chairperson may act as secretary of such meetings.

7. Agenda
and Procedure. The Board of Directors shall have the responsibility of establishing an agenda for each meeting of stockholders,
subject to the rights of stockholders to raise matters for consideration which may otherwise properly be brought before an annual meeting
although not included within the agenda. The chairperson shall be charged with the orderly conduct of all meetings of stockholders.

8. Quorum.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the DGCL or other applicable law, at any annual or special
meeting of stockholders, the holders of shares of stock representing a majority of the voting power of the then issued and outstanding
shares of stock entitled to vote on a matter at the meeting, either present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum
with respect to action on such matter, and action may be taken with respect to any matter presented at the meeting only if a quorum exists
with respect to such matter.

9. Adjournment.
When a meeting is for any reason adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place,
if any, and the means of remote communications, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the
adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors
shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of
record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.

10. Voting.

a. Except
as otherwise required by law or otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of holders of any series
of preferred stock of the Corporation (if any), (i) at every meeting of stockholders (or with respect to corporate action which may
be taken without a meeting), every holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on any matter at such meeting shall be
entitled, with respect to such matter, to one (1) vote for each share of such stock held of record by such stockholder on the record
date designated therefor pursuant to Section 3 of Article IX of these Bylaws (or the record date established pursuant
to statute in the absence of such designation), (ii) whenever directors are to be elected by vote of stockholders, they shall be
elected in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 of Article III of these Bylaws, and (iii) whenever
any corporate action, other than the election of directors, is to be taken by vote of stockholders, such corporate action shall be authorized
by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote with respect to such corporate action.

-3-

b. At
any meeting of stockholders, a stockholder may vote such stockholders shares either in person or by proxy. A stockholder may appoint
a proxy in person or through an attorney-in-fact and such appointment may be transmitted by any written statement of appointment permitted
by the DGCL. The appointment of a proxy shall be effective for the period expressly specified in the appointment form.

c. The
voting rights of fiduciaries, beneficiaries, pledgors, pledgees and joint, common and other multiple owners of shares of stock shall be
as provided from time to time by the DGCL and any other applicable law.

d. Shares
of stock of the Corporation held of record by another corporation or entity that are entitled to vote may be voted by such officer, agent
or proxy as the bylaws or other organizational documents of such other corporation or entity may prescribe, or, in the absence of any
applicable provision, as the board of directors or similar governing body of such other corporation or entity may determine.

11. Inspectors.
The chairperson of any meeting of stockholders may at any time appoint one (1) or more inspectors to serve at such meeting. Such
inspectors shall decide upon the qualifications of voters, including the validity of proxies, accept and count the votes for and against
the questions presented, report the results of such votes, and subscribe and deliver to the secretary of the meeting a certificate stating
the number of shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereon and the number of shares of stock voted for and against
the questions presented. The voting inspectors need not be stockholders of the Corporation, and any director or officer of the Corporation
may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against such directors or officers election to any position
with the Corporation or on any other question in which such officer or director may be directly interested.

ARTICLE III

Board of Directors

1. Election;
Term. Except as may otherwise be provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. On the effective date of these Bylaws (the Effective Date),
the number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be two (2). After the Effective Date, the number of directors
constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be determined by the stockholders from time to time, but in no event shall the number
of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors be less than one. Each director shall be elected by vote of holders of a plurality
of the votes of the shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting at which a quorum is present called
for the purpose of electing directors. Each director shall be elected to serve and to hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting
and until such directors successor shall be elected and shall qualify, or until such directors earlier death, resignation
or removal.

-4-

2. Qualification.
Each director must be a natural person at least eighteen (18) years of age on the date of election but need not be a stockholder.

3. Annual
Meetings. On the same day as, and immediately following, each annual stockholders meeting, the Board of Directors shall
meet for the purpose of organization, election of officers and the transaction of any other business.

4. Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such time or times as may be determined by the Board of
Directors and specified in the notice of such meetings.

5. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by any of the directors.

6. Place
of Meetings. Any meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place or places as shall from time to time be determined
by the Board of Directors or, in the case of a special meeting of the Board of Directors, by the director(s) calling such meeting,
and as shall be designated in the notice of the meeting. If no other place is designated in the notice of the meeting, such meeting shall
be held at the Corporations principal executive offices.

7. Quorum.
A quorum for meetings of the Board of Directors will require the attendance of at least a majority of the total number of directors.
The vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors,
unless the express provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws requires a different vote, in which case such
express provisions shall govern and control.

8. Notice
of Meetings. Notice of each meeting of the Board of Directors, whether annual, regular or special, shall be given to each director
(unless such notice is waived by such director as provided in Article IV of these Bylaws). Unless a longer period is required
by the DGCL, if such notice is given either (i) by personally delivering written notice to a director, (ii) by personally telephoning
such director or (iii) by email transmission at the email address of such director on the books and records of the Corporation, it
shall be so given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Unless a longer period is required by the DGCL, if such notice is given by depositing
a written notice by overnight courier service, postage prepaid, directed to such director at that persons residence or place of
business, it shall be so given at least two (2) days prior to the meeting. The notice shall state the date and time of the meeting,
but need not, unless otherwise required by the DGCL, state the purposes of the meeting.

9. Meetings
by Telecommunication. One (1) or more members of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the Board of Directors
may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by any means of communication, including teleconference or similar
remote communications, by which all persons participating in such meeting can hear each other at substantially the same time or by any
other means permitted by the DGCL. Any director or committee member participating in a meeting by any such means of communication is deemed
to be present in person at such meeting.

-5-

10. Organization,
Agenda and Procedure. The directors shall choose a director to act as chairperson to preside over the meetings of the Board of
Directors. The Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, or any other person appointed by any such chairperson shall act as secretary of each
meeting of the Board of Directors. The procedure for such meetings shall be as determined by such chairperson. All proposed agenda topics
to be reviewed at the annual meetings and the regular meetings shall be delivered to each director prior to, or at the time that, notice
of such meeting is provided to such director.

11. Resignation.
Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice of such directors resignation to the Board
of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, any Vice President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect
at the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of
such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

12. Vacancies.
Vacancies on the Board of Directors shall be filled by the stockholders of the Corporation.

13. Committees.
The Board of Directors may from time to time designate from among its members any committee deemed appropriate or necessary by the
Board of Directors (each such committee to consist of one (1) or more directors). The Board of Directors may designate a chairperson
of each such committee from among its members. Each such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution establishing such committee
and except as otherwise prescribed by the DGCL, shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board of Directors
in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation; provided, however, that no such committee shall
have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election
or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend, or repeal
these Bylaws. Any or all members of any such committee may be removed, with or without cause, by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Rules governing the procedures for meetings of each committee shall be as established by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IV

Waiver of Notice by Stockholders and Directors;
Action

of Stockholders and Directors by Consent

1. Waiver
of Notice. A stockholder or director may waive any notice required by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws,
whether before or after the date or time stated in the notice as the date or time when any action will occur or has occurred. Any such
waiver shall be in writing, be signed by the stockholder or director entitled to the notice, and be delivered to the Secretary of the
Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records, but such delivery and filing shall not be conditions of
the effectiveness of the waiver. Attendance of a stockholder (in person or by duly authorized proxy) at a meeting of stockholders, or
attendance by a director at a meeting of the Board of Directors, (i) shall be deemed a waiver of objection to lack of required notice
or defective notice of the meeting, unless the stockholder or the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at
the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened because of lack
of notice or defective notice, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting, and (ii) shall be deemed
a waiver of objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the
meeting notice, or of a matter without special notice required by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, unless
the stockholder or director expressly objects to considering the matter when it is presented and does not thereafter vote for or assent
to action taken at the meeting with respect to such matter.

-6-

2. Action
By Written Consent Without a Meeting.

a. Unless
the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL expressly requires that such action be taken solely at a stockholders meeting, any
action required or permitted to be taken at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a
meeting and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding
shares of stock having not less than the minimum voting power that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at
which all shares of stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its
registered office in Delaware or its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the books
in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by
hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Such action shall be effective as of the time the last writing necessary
to effect the action is received by the Corporation, unless all writings necessary to effect the action specify a later time, in which
case the later time shall be the time of the action; provided, however, such action shall not be effective if the
last writing necessary to effect the action is delivered to the Corporation later than sixty (60) days after the date the first such written
consent was delivered to the Corporation. Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written
consent shall be given to those stockholders as of the record date for the action
by consent who have not consented and who would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the action had been taken at a meeting
and the record date for the notice of the meeting were the record date for the action by consent.

b. Unless
otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of
the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission. Such action shall be effective as of the time the last
director signs a writing, or transmits an electronic transmission, describing the action taken unless before such time the Secretary has
received a written revocation of the consent of any other director, and any action so taken shall be effective at the time taken unless
the directors specify a different effective time.

-7-

ARTICLE V

Officers

1. Election,
Authority and Tenure. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of such officers as designated by the Board of Directors from
time to time, including, without limitation, a Chief Executive Officer (who shall also be the President), a Chief Financial Officer, a
Secretary and a Treasurer, each of whom shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may expressly delegate to
any such officer the power to appoint or remove subordinate officers, agents or employees. Any two or more offices may be held by the
same person. Each officer so appointed shall continue in office until a successor shall be appointed and shall qualify, or until the officers
earlier death, resignation or removal. Each officer shall be a natural person who is eighteen (18) years of age or older.

2. Resignation,
Removal and Vacancies. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of resignation to the Corporation to the attention
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect when the notice is received
by the Corporation unless the notice specifies a later date, and acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to render such resignation
effective unless such resignation so states. The Board of Directors may at any time terminate, remove or modify the authority of any officer,
with or without cause. If any office becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. An officer appointed
to fill a vacancy shall be appointed for the unexpired term of such officers predecessor in office and shall continue in office
until a successor shall be elected or appointed and shall qualify, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or removal.
The appointment of an officer shall not itself create contract rights in favor of the officer, and the removal of an officer shall not
affect the officers contract rights, if any, with the Corporation, and the resignation of an officer does not affect the Corporations
contract rights, if any, with the officer.

3. Compensation.
Officers of the Corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, emoluments, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed
from time to time by the Board of Directors or in such manner as the Board of Directors shall provide.

4. Chief
Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, if any, shall (i) have general and active management of the business of the
Corporation, and preside over the day-to-day business operations of the Corporation; (ii) see that all orders and resolutions of
the Board of Directors are carried into effect; and (iii) perform all duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of
Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall also be the President of the Corporation.

5. Chief
Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time
to time be assigned by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any, and shall perform such duties and have such powers
and responsibilities as are incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Chief Financial Officer shall have, along
with the Chief Executive Officer, if any, responsibility for the day-to-day business operations of the Corporation.

-8-

6. Vice
Presidents. The Vice Presidents, if any, shall perform such duties and possess such powers as from time to time may be assigned
to them by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in the event
of the inability or refusal of the Chief Executive Officer to act, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President,
the Vice Presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of the
election or appointment of the Vice Presidents) shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so performing shall have
all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer.

7. Secretary.
The Secretary, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the
office of Secretary, including, without limitation, the duty and power to give notice of all meetings of stockholders and the Board of
Directors, the preparation and maintenance of minutes of the directors and stockholders meetings and other records and information
required to be kept by the Corporation under these Bylaws and for authenticating records of the Corporation, and to be custodian of the
corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents, the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation is authorized by
these Bylaws or by the action of the Board of Directors.

8. Treasurer.
The Treasurer, if any, shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer, if any. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the
office of Treasurer, including, without limitation, the duty and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities of the
Corporation, to deposit funds of the Corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these Bylaws, to disburse such funds as ordered
by the Board of Directors, making proper accounts thereof, and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements of all such
transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

9. Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, if any, shall perform such duties as
shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or the Treasurer, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer, if any, or the Board of
Directors. In the absence, inability or refusal of the Secretary or the Treasurer to act, the Assistant Secretaries or Assistant Treasurers,
respectively, in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election
or appointment, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary or Treasurer, as the case may be.

-9-

ARTICLE VI

Execution of Instruments; Borrowing; Checks
and

Endorsements; Deposits; Proxies

1. Execution
of Instruments. The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President shall have the power to execute
and deliver on behalf of and in the name of the Corporation any instrument requiring the signature of an officer of the Corporation, except
as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or when the execution and delivery of the instrument shall be expressly delegated by the Board of
Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. Unless authorized to do so by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors or
incident to the powers of the office of any particular officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind
the Corporation in any way, to pledge its credit or to render it liable pecuniarily for any purpose or in any amount.

2. Borrowing.
No loan shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation, and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued, endorsed or accepted in its
name, unless authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee designated by the Board of Directors so to act. Such authority may be
general or confined to specific instances. When so authorized, an officer may (i) effect loans at any time for the Corporation from
any bank or other entity and for such loans may execute and deliver promissory notes or other evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation;
and (ii) mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any real or personal property, or any interest therein, owned or held by the Corporation
as security for the payment of any loans or obligations of the Corporation, and to that end may execute and deliver for the Corporation
such instruments as may be necessary or proper in connection with such transaction.

3. Checks
and Endorsements. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, obligations, notes or other evidences of indebtedness,
bills of lading, warehouse receipts, trade acceptances and other such instruments shall be signed or endorsed for the Corporation by such
officers or agents of the Corporation as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, which resolution
may provide for the use of electronic signatures.

4. Deposits.
All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the Corporations credit in such banks
or other depositories as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, which resolution may specify the
officers or agents of the Corporation who shall have the power, and the manner in which such power shall be exercised, to make such deposits
and to endorse, assign and deliver for collection and deposit checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money payable to the
Corporation or its order.

5. Proxies.
The Board of Directors may (i) from time to time appoint one (1) or more agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf
of the Corporation, (a) to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities
in any other corporation, association or other entity whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the
holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation, association or other entity, or (b) to consent in writing to
any action by such other corporation, association or other entity; and (ii) instruct the person so appointed (a) as to the manner
of casting such votes or giving such consent, and (b) to execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation
and under its corporate seal, or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as may be deemed necessary or proper.

-10-

ARTICLE VII

Shares of Stock

1. Certificates
of Stock. The shares of stock of the Corporation may, but need not, be represented by certificates. Unless the DGCL or another
law expressly provides otherwise, the fact that the shares of stock are not represented by certificates shall have no effect on the rights
and obligations of stockholders. If the shares of stock are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be signed by any two
(2) authorized officers of the Corporation, and may, but need not, be sealed with the corporate seal of the Corporation. Any or all
of the signatures on the certificate may be by facsimile or electronic signature. In case any officer of the Corporation who shall have
signed, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall have been placed on, any certificate shall cease for any reason to be such officer
before such certificate shall have been issued or delivered by the Corporation, such certificate may nevertheless be issued and delivered
by the Corporation as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile or electronic signature shall have been placed
thereon, had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. Every certificate representing shares of stock (if any) issued by the Corporation
shall state the number of shares of stock owned by the holder in the Corporation, shall designate the class of stock to which such shares
belong, and shall otherwise be in such form as is required by law and as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

2. Shares
Without Certificates. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of any class or series of shares of stock of the Corporation
without certificates. Such authorization shall not affect shares of stock already represented by certificates until they are surrendered
to the Corporation or its transfer agent. Within a reasonable time following the issue or transfer of shares of stock without certificates,
the Corporation shall send, or direct its transfer agent to send, the stockholder a complete written statement of the information required
on certificates by the DGCL.

3. Record.
A record shall be kept of the name of each person or entity holding the shares of stock represented by each certificate for shares of
stock of the Corporation issued, the number and class of shares of stock represented by each such certificate, the date thereof and, in
the case of cancellation, the date of cancellation. The person or other entity in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the
Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof, and thus a holder of record of such shares of stock, for all purposes as regards the Corporation.

4. Transfer
of Stock. Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered
holder thereof, or by such registered holders attorney thereunto authorized, and on the surrender of the certificate or certificates
(if any) for such shares of stock properly endorsed. The stock record book and other transfer records shall be in the possession of the
Secretary or of a transfer agent for the Corporation.

5. Transfer
Agents and Registrars; Regulations. The Corporation, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may from time to time appoint a
transfer agent and a registrar, under such arrangements and upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems advisable,
but until and unless the Board of Directors appoints some other person, firm or corporation as its transfer agent (and upon the revocation
of any such appointment, thereafter until a new appointment is similarly made) the Secretary of the Corporation shall be the transfer
agent of the Corporation without the necessity of any formal action of the Board of Directors, and the Secretary, or any person designated
by the Secretary, shall perform all of the duties of such transfer agent. The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations
as it may deem expedient and as are not inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws concerning the issue, transfer
and registration of shares of stock of the Corporation.

-11-

6. Lost,
Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. In case of the alleged loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate representing stock
of the Corporation, a new certificate may be issued in place thereof, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as the Board of
Directors may prescribe, and shall be issued in such situations as required by the DGCL.

ARTICLE VIII

Fiscal Year

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall be established by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX

Corporate Books and Records

1. Books
and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept at such place or places as may be from time to time designated
by the Board of Directors. The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of account, including the amount of its assets
and liabilities, minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and the Board of Directors (and any committee of the Board of Directors),
and the names and places of residence of its officers.

2. Addresses
of Stockholders. Each stockholder shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent
an address or e-mail address to which notices from the Corporation, including notices of meetings, may be directed, and if any stockholder
shall fail so to designate such an address or e-mail address, it shall be sufficient for any such notice to be directed to such stockholder
at such stockholders address or e-mail address last known to the Secretary or the Corporations transfer agent.

3. Fixing
Record Date.

a. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date for notice, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a record date,
such record date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors
determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the record date for
making such determination.

-12-

b. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.

c. In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such
action.

If no record date is fixed:
(i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close
of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (ii) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which
the first written consent is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law; (iii) the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when prior action by the Board of Directors
is required, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action;
and (iv) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote
at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors
may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at
the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting
the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3 at the adjourned meeting.

4. Audits
of Books and Accounts. The Corporations books and accounts shall be audited at such times and by such auditors as shall
be specified and designated by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE X

Amendments

The Board of Directors is
expressly authorized and empowered to adopt, amend or repeal any or all of these Bylaws, or to adopt new bylaws; provided, however,
that any or all of these Bylaws may also be amended or repealed, or new bylaws may also be made, in any such case by the stockholders.

-13-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT

$115,139,160.62

Dated as of January 28, 2025,

among

THE CONTAINER STORE, INC.,

as Borrower,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO

ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC AND SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS
LLC,

as co-Administrative Agents

ACQUIOM
AGENCY SERVICES LLC,

as Collateral Agent,

and

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO

Execution Version

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01 Defined Terms 1

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 43

1.03 Accounting Terms 43

1.04 Rounding 43

1.05 Times of Day 44

1.06 Senior Debt 44

1.07 Available Amount Transactions 44

1.08 Pro Forma Calculations 44

1.09 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 45

ARTICLE II

THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS

2.01 The Loans 45

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 46

2.03 Prepayment 47

2.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 51

2.05 Repayment of Loans 52

2.06 Interest 52

2.07 Fees 53

2.08 Computation of Interest and Fees 53

2.09 Evidence of Debt 53

2.10 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback 54

2.11 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 55

2.12 Incremental Term Loan Commitments 56

2.13 [Reserved] 58

2.14 [Reserved] 58

ARTICLE III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01 Taxes 58

3.02 Illegality 60

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 61

3.04 Increased Costs 63

3.05 Compensation for Losses 64

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 64

3.07 Survival 65

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWINGS

4.01 Conditions of Initial Borrowing 65

4.02 Conditions of All Borrowings 67

Page

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 67

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 68

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 68

5.04 Binding Effect 68

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect; No Internal Control Event 68

5.06 Litigation 69

5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments 69

5.08 Environmental Matters 70

5.09 Taxes 70

5.10 ERISA Compliance 71

5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties 72

5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 72

5.13 Disclosure 72

5.14 Compliance with Laws 72

5.15 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc 72

5.16 Solvency 73

5.17 Casualty, Etc 73

5.18 Labor Matters 73

5.19 Collateral Documents 73

5.20 USA PATRIOT Act 73

5.21 Plan Assets 74

ARTICLE VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

6.01 Financial Statements and Other Reports 74

6.02 Certificates; Other Information 75

6.03 Notices 77

6.04 Payment of Obligations 78

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 78

6.06 Maintenance of Properties 78

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 78

6.08 Compliance with Laws 80

6.09 Books and Records 80

6.10 Inspection Rights 80

6.11 Use of Proceeds. 80

6.12 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 80

6.13 Further Assurances 82

6.14 Lenders Meetings 82

6.15 Designation as Senior Debt 83

6.16 Ratings 83

6.17 [Reserved 83

6.18 Post-Closing Matters 83

-ii-

Page

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

7.01 Liens 83

7.02 Indebtedness 86

7.03 Investments 87

7.04 Fundamental Changes 90

7.05 Dispositions 91

7.06 Restricted Payments 92

7.07 Change in Nature of Business 94

7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 94

7.09 Burdensome Agreements 95

7.10 Amendments of Material Indebtedness 95

7.11 Accounting Changes 95

7.12 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 96

7.13 Holding Company 96

7.14 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 96

7.15 Minimum Liquidity 96

ARTICLE VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01 Events of Default 96

8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default 98

8.03 Application of Funds 99

8.04 Additional Intercreditor Matters 100

8.05 Buy Out Option 103

ARTICLE IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01 Appointment and Authority 104

9.02 Rights as a Lender 105

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 105

9.04 Reliance by Agents 106

9.05 Delegation of Duties 107

9.06 Resignation of Agents 107

9.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 108

9.08 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 108

9.09 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 109

9.10 Notice of Transfer 109

9.11 Agency for Perfection 109

9.12 Indemnification of Agents 109

9.13 Withholding Tax 110

9.14 Relation Among Lenders 110

9.15 Certain ERISA Matters 110

-iii-

Page

ARTICLE X

CONTINUING GUARANTY

10.01 Guaranty 111

10.02 Rights of Lenders 112

10.03 Certain Waivers 112

10.04 Obligations Independent 112

10.05 Subrogation 112

10.06 Termination; Reinstatement 113

10.07 Subordination 113

10.08 Stay of Acceleration 113

10.09 Condition of Borrower 113

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.01 Amendments, Etc. 113

11.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 116

11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 118

11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 118

11.05 Payments Set Aside 120

11.06 Successors and Assigns 120

11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 123

11.08 Right of Setoff 124

11.09 Interest Rate Limitation 124

11.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 124

11.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 125

11.12 Severability 126

11.13 Replacement of Lenders 126

11.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 126

11.15 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 127

11.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 128

11.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 128

11.18 No Strict Construction 128

11.19 Attachments 128

11.20 Intercreditor Agreement 128

11.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 129

11.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 129

-iv-

ANNEXES

I Closing Date Equity Holders

SCHEDULES

2.01 Commitments

5.01 Organization Information

5.07(c) Owned Real Estate

5.07(d)(i) Leased Real Estate (Lessee)

5.07(d)(ii) Leased Real Estate (Lessor)

5.07(e) Existing Investments

5.11 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments

5.15 Intellectual Property Rights

6.12 Guarantors

7.01(b) Existing Liens

7.02 Existing Indebtedness

7.09 Burdensome Agreements

11.02 Administrative Agents Office, Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS

Form of

A-1 Committed Loan Notice

A-2 Conversion/Continuation Notice

B [Reserved]

C Intercreditor Agreement

D Compliance Certificate

E Form of Note

F Assignment and Assumption

G [Reserved]

H-1 Perfection Certificate

H-2 Perfection Certificate Supplement

I [Reserved]

J-1 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

J-2 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

J-3 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

J-4 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes

K Cash Pay Notice

-v-

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT

This TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT
is entered into as of January 28, 2025 (this Agreement), among THE CONTAINER STORE, INC., a Texas corporation
(the Borrower), the Guarantors from time to time party hereto, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively,
the Lenders and individually, a Lender) and Acquiom Agency Services LLC (Acquiom),
as co-administrative agent and Seaport Loan Products LLC (Seaport), as co-administrative agent (in such capacities,
together with their respective successors and assigns in such capacities, shall hereinafter be jointly referred to for common activities
or rights as the Administrative Agent) and Acquiom as Collateral Agent.

WHEREAS,
on December 22, 2024 (the Petition Date), the Borrower, The Container Store Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Holdings) and certain direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Borrower (each, a Chapter 11 Debtor
and collectively, the Chapter 11 Debtors) filed voluntary petitions with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the Bankruptcy Court) initiating cases under Title 11 of the United
States Code (the Bankruptcy Code), and jointly administered under The Container Store Group, Inc. Case No. 24-90627
(collectively the Chapter 11 Cases);

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors,
the lenders party thereto (the Existing DIP Lenders) and Acquiom Agency Services LLC and Seaport Loan Products LLC
as co-administrative agents (the Existing DIP Administrative Agents) are party to that certain Senior Secured Super-Priority
Debtor-In-Possession Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2024 (the Existing DIP Credit Agreement),
pursuant to which the Existing DIP Lenders issued senior secured super priority term loans consisting of (a) $40,000,000 of new
money first-out term loans (the First-Out DIP Term Loans) and (b) a second-out roll up term loan facility
(the Second-Out DIP Term Loans).

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has asked the Lenders to provide the Borrower with a term loan credit facility (the Facility) consisting
of (a) $42,940,250.02 of first-out term loans (the First-Out Term Loans) and (b) $72,198,910.60
of second-out term loans (the Second-Out Term Loans);

WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing
to make the foregoing term loans to the Borrower, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan of Reorganization
(as defined below), and the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined below);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Plan
of Reorganization, each Existing DIP Lender will exchange (i) its First-Out DIP Term Loans for First-Out Term Loans and other consideration
set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement, and (ii) its Second-Out DIP Term Loans for Second-Out Term Loans and other consideration
set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement, in both cases on a pro-rata and dollar-for-dollar basis.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and for due and valuable consideration, the parties hereto covenant and agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

ABL
Agent shall mean Eclipse Business Capital LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent under the ABL Facility,
together with its permitted successors and assigns.

ABL Credit Agreement shall mean
that certain Asset Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, certain subsidiaries
of the Borrower from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and the ABL Agent, as amended, amended and
restated, supplemented, otherwise modified, restated, refinanced, renewed, refunded, restructured or replaced in whole or in part from
time to time.

ABL DIP Facility shall mean
that certain Senior Secured Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of December 24, 2024,
among the Borrower, Holdings, certain subsidiaries of the Borrower from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party
thereto and Eclipse Business Capital LLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.

ABL Loan Documents shall mean
the Loan Documents as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement.

ABL Facility shall mean the
asset based revolving credit facility of the Borrower governed by the ABL Credit Agreement.

ABL Loans shall mean the Loans
under, and as defined in. the ABL Credit Agreement.

ABL Priority Collateral has
the meaning specified in the Intercreditor Agreement.

Additional Credit Extension Amendment
means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be in the form of an amendment and restatement
of this Agreement) providing for any Incremental Term Loans which shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of this Agreement
relating to Incremental Term Loans and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.

Administrative Agent shall have
the meanings assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.

Administrative Agent Fee Letter
means the letter agreement dated the date hereof, by and among the Borrower and the Agents.

Administrative Agents Office
means the Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02, or such other address
or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution
means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect
to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under
common Control with the Person specified.

Agent Parties has the meaning
specified in Section 11.02(c).

-2-

Agents means, collectively,
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.

Aggregate Commitments means
the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders. As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitments are $115,139,160.62.

Agreement has the meaning specified
in the introductory paragraph hereto, as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Ancillary Document has the meaning
provided in Section 11.10(b).

Ancillary Fees has the meaning
set forth in Section 11.01(h).

Applicable Margin means (a)(i) with
respect to any First-Out Term Loans maintained as Base Rate Loans, 5.50% per annum, and (ii) with respect to any First-Out Term Loans
maintained as Term Benchmark Loans, 6.50% per annum, and (b)(i) with respect to any Second-Out Term Loans maintained as Base Rate
Loans, 4.00% per annum, and (ii) with respect to any Second-Out Term Loans maintained as Term Benchmark Loans, 5.00% per annum.

Applicable Premium means the
Applicable Premium (First-Out Term Loan) or Applicable Premium (Second-Out Term Loan), as applicable.

Applicable Premium (First-Out Term Loan)
means, with respect to any Applicable Premium Event occurring with respect to the First-Out Term Loans, (A) prior to the date that
is eighteen months following the Closing Date, the Make-Whole Amount with respect to the First-Out Term Loans subject to such Applicable
Premium Event, (B) on and after the date that is eighteen months following the Closing Date and prior to the date that is thirty
months after the Closing Date, an amount equal to 2.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans subject to such
Applicable Premium Event on such date, (C) on and after the date that is thirty months after the Closing Date and prior to the date
that is forty-two months after the Closing Date, an amount equal to 3.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans
subject to such Applicable Premium Event on such date, and (D) on and after the date that is forty-two months after the Closing Date,
an amount equal to 0.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans subject to such Applicable Premium Event on such
date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for calculating the foregoing.

Applicable Premium (Second-Out Term Loan)
means, with respect to any Applicable Premium Event occurring with respect to the Second-Out Term Loans, (A) prior to the date that
is eighteen months after the Closing Date, the Make-Whole Amount with respect to the Second-Out Term Loans subject to such Applicable
Premium Event, (B) on and after the date that is eighteen months after the Closing Date and prior to the date that is thirty months
after the Closing Date, an amount equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Second-Out Term Loans subject to such Applicable
Premium Event on such date, and (C) on and after the date that is thirty months after the Closing Date, an amount equal to 0.00%
of the aggregate principal amount of the Second-Out Term Loans subject to such Applicable Premium Event on such date. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for calculating the foregoing.

-3-

Applicable Premium Event means
(a) any prepayment, whether a voluntary prepayment or a mandatory prepayment, (other than any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(i) or
(iv)) of all, or any part, of the principal balance of the Loans, whether before or after (i) the occurrence of a Default
or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration
(for any reason) of the Loans; (b) the acceleration of all of the First-Out Term Loans or Second-Out Term Loans for any reason, including,
but not limited to, acceleration following or pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 8.01(f)); (c) the satisfaction, release,
payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Loans in any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the
making of a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including
through the Administrative Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the Term Loans; and (d) the
termination of this Agreement prior to the Maturity Date for any reason.

If an Applicable Premium Event occurs under clause
(b), (c) or (d) above, the entire outstanding principal amount of Term Loans (including all First-Out Term Loans and Second-Out
Term Loans) shall be deemed to be subject to the Applicable Premium Event on the date on which such Applicable Premium Event occurs.

Approved Fund means, with respect
to any Lender, any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity
or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Assignee Group means two or
more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor.

Assignment and Assumption means
an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 11.06(b)(iii)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit F or
any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Attributable Indebtedness means,
on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligations of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a
balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation,
the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument
that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease or other agreement
or instrument were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation and (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person.

Audited Financial Statements
means the audited Consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the Fiscal
Years for Holdings ended March 30, 2024, April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022 (including its Consolidated Subsidiaries) (in
each case prepared in accordance with GAAP).

Available Amount
means, at any time (the Reference Date), the sum of:

(a)an
amount equal to (x) the cumulative amount of Excess Cash Flow (which amount shall not be less than zero in any Fiscal Year) for each
Fiscal Year of the Borrower ending after the Closing Date minus (y) the portion of such Excess Cash Flow that has been (or
is required to be) applied to the prepayment of Loans in accordance with Section 2.03(b)(i) (without regard to any optional
prepayment of Loans); plus

-4-

(b)the
amount of any capital contributions (other than from a Subsidiary) and the Net Cash Proceeds from Qualified Equity Issuances (other than
any amount applied pursuant to Section 7.03(k)) received by the Borrower during the period from and including the Business
Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date; plus

(c)to
the extent the Borrower or a Subsidiary has made any Investment pursuant to Section 7.03(l), the net amount of any return
on such Investment (whether through dividends, distributions, sale, cash repayments of principal, or other disposition of such Investment
or the designation of an Subsidiary as a Subsidiary) actually received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary from such Investment; minus

(d)the
aggregate amount of any Investments made pursuant to Sections 7.03(l), any Restricted Payment made pursuant to Section 7.06(e)(ii) or
any payment made pursuant to Section 7.12(d) during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Reference
Date (and, for purposes of this clause (d), without taking account of the intended usage of the Available Amount on such Reference Date
in the contemplated transaction).

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such
Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as
applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any
frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of
doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of
Section 3.03.

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with
respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of
the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act
2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank Products means any services
or facilities provided to any Loan Party by any Agent, Lender, Former Lender or any Affiliate of an Agent, Lender or Former Lender (but
excluding Cash Management Services) on account of (a) Swap Contracts, (b) purchase cards and (c) merchant services constituting
a line of credit.

Bankruptcy Code
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.

Bankruptcy Court
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.

-5-

Base Rate means, for any day,
a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day
plus of 1%, (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day) plus 1%; provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based
on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. New York City time on such day (or any amended publication time for the
Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) and (d) 3.00%
per annum. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 (for the avoidance of
doubt, only until a successor rate to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has been determined pursuant to Section 3.03(b)), then
the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.
Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including
the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively.

Base Rate Loan means a Loan
that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Benchmark means, initially,
the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect
to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent
that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 3.03.

Benchmark Replacement means,
for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Required Lenders the applicable
Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1)[reserved];
or

(2)the
sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Required Lenders and the Borrower as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of
a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated
syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available
Tenor as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement for such Available
Tenor will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest
Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Required Lenders
and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities
at such time.

-6-

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period,
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation
notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters)
that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the
administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines
that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to
such then-current Benchmark:

(1)in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(2)in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined
by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For
the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than,
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference
Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of
clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with
respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect
to such then-current Benchmark:

(1)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

-7-

(2)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased
or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that,
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer,
or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition
Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth
above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof).

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that
a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement
has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03
and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under
any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03.

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an
employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, or (c) any Person whose
assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code)
the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate of a party
means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Borrower has the meaning specified
in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials has the meaning
provided in Section 6.02.

Borrowing means a borrowing
consisting of Loans of the same Type made, deemed converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, having
the same Interest Period.

Business Day means any day (other
than a Saturday or a Sunday or any other holiday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that, in addition
to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be in relation to Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings,
disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing
the Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

-8-

Capital Expenditures means,
with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset
(excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations) which is, or should be in accordance
with GAAP, reflected as a capital expenditure in a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person for the period in
which such expenditure occurs, provided that Capital Expenditures shall not include (a) any such expenditures
which are contractually required to be, and are, reimbursed to the Loan Parties in cash by landlords with respect to such period of calculation,
(b) any such expenditure with the proceeds from any casualty insurance or condemnation or eminent domain, to the extent that the
proceeds therefrom are utilized for Capital Expenditures within twelve months of the receipt of such proceeds, (c) any such expenditure
with the proceeds or consideration received from any trade in of any Loan Partys assets, or (d) any such expenditures which
constitute a Permitted Acquisition.

Capital Lease Obligations means,
with respect to any Person, the obligation of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying
the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for
as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date, and the amount of such obligations shall
be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP as in effect on April 6, 2012.

Cash Equivalents means any of
the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by Holdings, the Borrower, or any of their respective Subsidiaries:

(a)readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality
thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit
of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof;

(b)time
deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender
that offers such deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances in the ordinary course of such Lenders business
or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal
banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as
described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $1.0 billion, in each case
with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof;

(c)commercial
paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1
(or the then equivalent grade) by Moodys or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case
with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof;

(d)Investments,
classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of Holdings, the Borrower, or any of their respective Subsidiaries, in money market
investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the
highest rating obtainable from either Moodys or S&P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character,
quality and maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition; and

-9-

(e)in
the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through
(d) customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short term cash management purposes.

Cash Pay Notice has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.

Cash
Pay Trigger means the delivery of financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and Section 6.01(b) demonstrating
that Consolidated Unadjusted EBITDA is equal to or greater than $45,000,000 for four consecutive Measurement Periods.

Cash Management Services means
any one or more of the following types of services or facilities provided to any Loan Party by any Agent, Lender, Former Lender or any
Affiliate of an Agent, Lender or Former Lender: (a) ACH transactions, (b) cash management services, including, without limitation,
controlled disbursement services, treasury, depository, overdraft, and electronic funds transfer services, (c) foreign exchange facilities,
(d) credit or debit cards, and (e) merchant services not constituting a Bank Product.

CERCLA means the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980.

CERCLIS means the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.

CFC means a Person that is a
controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code.

Change in Law means the occurrence,
after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty,
(b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental
Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests,
rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or
any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case
be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Chapter 11 Cases
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.

Chapter 11 Debtors
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.

Change of Control means an event
or series of events by which:

(a)any
person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee,
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan that in each case is not acting in concert with another Person), other than
the Permitted Holders, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person
or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option
right)), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the equity securities of Holdings entitled to vote for members of the board
of directors or equivalent governing body of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such
person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or

-10-

(b)Holdings
shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the Equity Interests in the Borrower; or

(c)a
change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined in, the ABL Loan Documents or any other instrument, document
or agreement governing Material Indebtedness shall have occurred, in any case that gives the holders thereof the right to require Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, offer to repurchase or immediately repay such Indebtedness.

Class when
used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are First-Out
Term Loans or Second-Out Term Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Commitment in respect of First-Out
Term Loan Commitment or Second-Out Term Loan Commitment or (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment
with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments.

Closing Date means January 28,
2025.

Closing Date Equity Holders
means any investment vehicle, fund, account or subaccount that is managed or otherwise controlled by any of the following entities or
any Affiliate of any of the following entities: (i) American Money Management Corp., (ii) Arbour Lane Capital Management, L.P.,
(iii) CrossingBridge Advisors, LLC, (iv) Glendon Capital Management L.P., (v) Golub Capital LLC, (vi) HPS Investment
Partners, LLC, (vii) JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., (viii) LCM Asset Management LLC, (ix) Loomis Sayles & Company L.P.,
(x) MJX Asset Management LLC, (xi) Nassau Global Credit LLC, (xii) Tikehau Capital North America LLC, (xiii) Z Capital
Credit Partners LLC and (xiv) ZAIS Group LLC.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator).

Code means the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral means all of the
Collateral and Mortgaged Property or Trust Property, as applicable, referred to in the Collateral
Documents and all of the other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor
of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Collateral Agent means Acquiom,
in its capacity as collateral agent under the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral agent as provided in Section 9.01(b).

Collateral Documents means,
collectively, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Swedish Pledge Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreement,
the Mortgages, the Intercreditor Agreement, collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements, control agreements or other
similar agreements delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.12, and each of the other agreements, instruments
or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

-11-

Commitment means the First-Out
Term Loan Commitments, Second-Out Term Loan Commitment, and the Incremental Term Loan Commitments.

Committed Loan Notice means
a notice of a Borrowing, which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-l.

Commodity Exchange Act means
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Compliance Certificate means
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D with such modifications thereto as may be mutually agreed by the Required
Lenders and the Borrower to reflect the amendments to this Agreement.

Confirmation Order means the
Order Approving (I) the Debtors Disclosure Statement and (II) Confirming First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization
of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of The Bankruptcy Code, entered on January 24,
2025.

Consolidated means, when used
to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report
(as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person
and its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the most recently
completed Measurement Period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted (and not added back), excluded or otherwise not
taken into account in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such Measurement Period:

(i) Consolidated Interest Charges,

(ii) the provision for Federal, state, local
and foreign income taxes payable,

(iii) depreciation and amortization expense,

(iv) non-cash stock compensation paid to officers,
directors, employees or consultants during such Measurement Period,

(v) all non-cash losses from Dispositions during
such Measurement Period, other than Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business,

(vi) Transaction Expenses,

(vii) expenses incurred in connection with the
prepayment, amendment, or refinancing of Indebtedness during such Measurement Period,

(viii) non-cash expenses related to LIFO/LCM
reserves and non-cash rent,

-12-

(ix) any non-cash purchase accounting adjustments
made in connection with any acquisition permitted by this Agreement,

(x) pro forma run rate cost savings,
operating expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies (net of the amount of actual amounts realized and excluding any revenue
synergies) reasonably identifiable and factually supportable (in the good faith determination of Holdings) related to (A) the Transactions,
(B) asset sales, acquisitions, Investments, Dispositions, operating improvements, restructurings, cost saving initiatives and
certain other similar initiatives (including the renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements) and other transactions disclosed to
the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date that were consummated prior to the Closing Date and (C) asset sales, acquisitions, Investments,
dispositions, operating improvements, restructurings, cost saving initiatives and certain other similar initiatives (including the renegotiation
of contracts and other arrangements) consummated after the Closing Date, in each case of (A), (B) and (C), projected by Holdings
in good faith to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to
be taken (in the good faith determination of Holdings) and realized within 12 months (for the avoidance of doubt including in connection
with any of the foregoing, or actions taken, prior to the Closing Date); provided that a duly completed certificate of a Responsible Officer
has been delivered to the Administrative Agent certifying the matters set forth in this clause (x); provided further that the amount
that may be added back pursuant to this clause (a)(x), together with the aggregate amounts added back pursuant to clause clauses (a)(xv) below,
shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Measurement Period (calculated prior giving
effect to any such amounts);

(xi) expenses incurred during such Measurement
Period in connection with closed stores, store closings, and store relocations in an amount not to exceed $7.5 million in the aggregate
in such Measurement Period,

(xii) all transactional costs, expenses and
charges payable to non-Affiliated third parties and made at the time of, and in connection with, any acquisition (whether or not consummated)
in an amount not to exceed $7.5 million in the aggregate during such Measurement Period,

(xiii) (A) any expenses or charges related
to any issuance of Equity Interests, Investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness
(including with respect to Indebtedness, a refinancing thereof, whether or not successful and whether incurred prior to or after the Closing
Date), in each case permitted to be incurred or made hereunder and any amendment or modification to the terms of any such transactions,
including such fees, expenses or charges related to the Transaction (including in connection with the wind-down of the Chapter 11 Cases)
and (B) the amount of any charge that is reimbursable by third parties pursuant to indemnification provisions or similar agreements
or insurance; provided, that in respect of any fees, costs and expenses added back pursuant to this clause (B), Holdings in good faith
expects to receive reimbursement for such fees and/or charges within the next 12 Fiscal Months (it being understood that to the extent
not actually received within such 12 Fiscal Month period, such reimbursement amounts shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for such Fiscal Months,

(xiv) non-cash losses (minus any non-cash gains)
with respect to Swap Contracts during such Measurement Period,

(xv) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring
expenses, charges or losses during such period (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, it being understood that Item 10(e) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act shall not constitute a limitation on any such determination), and

-13-

(xvi) pre-opening and grand opening expenses
in an amount not to exceed $15.0 million in such Measurement Period;

(xv) any charge attributable to the undertaking
and/or implementation of business optimization activities, cost savings initiatives, cost rationalization programs, operating expense
reductions and/or synergies and/or similar initiatives and/or programs (including, without limitation, in connection with any integration,
restructuring or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses),
including any business optimization charge, any restructuring charge (including any charge relating to any tax restructuring), any charge
relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility (including but not limited to rent termination costs, moving costs and legal
costs), any systems implementation charge, software development costs and any severance charge; provided that the amount that may
be added back pursuant to this clause (a)(xv), together with the aggregate amounts added back pursuant to clause (a)(x) above, shall
not exceed an aggregate amount equal to 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Measurement Period (calculated prior giving effect
to any such amounts);

(xvi) proceeds of business interruption insurance
in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received
so long as Holdings in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next 12 Fiscal Months (it being understood that to the extent
such proceeds are not actually received within such 12 Fiscal Month period, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Months));

(xvii) unrealized or realized net foreign currency
translation or transaction losses impacting Consolidated Net Income (including, without limitation, currency remeasurements of Indebtedness
and any net losses from Swap Contract for currency exchange risk associated with the above or any other currency-related risk); and minus

(b) (i) to the extent included in calculating
Consolidated Net Income for such Measurement Period, all non-recurring, non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any
non-cash items that result in an accrual of a reserve for cash items in any future period) (in each case of or by Holdings and its Subsidiaries
for such Measurement Period), (ii) non-cash gains from Dispositions other than Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of
business, (iii) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(xvi) above to the extent such business
interruption proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause and (iv) unrealized or realized net foreign
currency translation or transaction gains impacting Consolidated Net Income (including, without limitation, currency remeasurements of
Indebtedness and any net gains from Swap Contracts for currency exchange risk associated with the above or any other currency-related
risk).

Consolidated First Lien Leverage Ratio
means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt as of such date that is secured by a Lien on any of the Collateral
on an equal priority basis (but without regard to control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations to (b) Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently completed Measurement Period.

Consolidated Interest Charges
means, for any Measurement Period, Consolidated interest expense (net of interest income) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries determined
in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Leverage Ratio
means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for
the most recently completed Measurement Period.

-14-

Consolidated
Net Income means, at any date of determination, the net income (or loss) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated
basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period; provided that Consolidated Net Income shall exclude (a) extraordinary
non-cash gains and extraordinary non-cash losses for such Measurement Period, (b) for the purposes of calculation Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for Section 7.06(e) only, the net income of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period to the extent
that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation
of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such Measurement Period
(provided that this clause (b) shall not, with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary, exclude income that can only be distributed
following the adoption of the relevant annual accounts or Consolidated annual accounts for such Foreign Subsidiarys Fiscal Year),
except that Consolidated Net Income shall be reduced to the extent of any equity held by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in any net
loss of any such Subsidiary for such Measurement Period, (c) the income (or loss) of any Person during such Measurement Period and
accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of Holdings or its Subsidiaries or is merged into or Consolidated with Holdings or a
Subsidiary or that Persons assets are acquired by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, (d) any income (or loss) for such period
of any Person if such Person is not a Subsidiary of Holdings, except that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the aggregate
amount of cash actually distributed by such Person during such Measurement Period to Holdings or a Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution
(and in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party, such Subsidiary is not precluded from
further distributing such amount to the Borrower as described in clause (b) of this proviso), and (e) the cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles.

Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt as of such date that
is secured by a Lien on any of the Collateral to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently completed Measurement Period.

Consolidated Unadjusted EBITDA
means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the most recently
completed Measurement Period plus the following to the extent deducted (and not added back), excluded or otherwise not taken into
account in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such Measurement Period: (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision
for Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable and (iii) depreciation and amortization expense.

Contractual Obligation means,
as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such
Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability
to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings
correlative thereto.

Conversion/Continuation Notice
means a notice of (a) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (b) a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, pursuant
to Section 2.02(c), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2.

Corresponding
Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest
payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

-15-

Covered Entity means any of
the following:

(a)a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(b)a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R 47.3(b); or

(c)a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 11.22.

Debtor Relief Laws means the
Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable
jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Default means any event or condition
that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate means for Loans
and any other amounts due hereunder, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Margin applicable
to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan, the
Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan
plus 2% per annum.

Default Right has the meaning
assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Defaulting Lender means any
Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within two Business Days of the
date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result
of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified in writing, including,
if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) has not been satisfied, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative
Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, unless the
subject of a good faith dispute, or (c) has (i) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or (ii) become
the subject of a Bail-In Action.

Designated Noncash Consideration
means non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with an Disposition that is so designated
as Designated Noncash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a responsible officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such
valuation.

Discharge of ABL Obligations
has the meaning specified in the Intercreditor Agreement.

Disposition or Dispose
means the sale, transfer, license, lease, or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property (including,
without limitation, any Equity Interests or Disqualified Equity Interests of any other Person held by a specified Person) by any Person,
including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights
and claims associated therewith, in each case, resulting in consideration to such Person (including assumption of liabilities) for any
such transaction or series of related transactions in excess of $1.0 million.

-16-

Disqualified Equity Interests
means any Equity Interests of any Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which
it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable
(other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise except as a result of a change
of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or sales event shall
be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations hereunder), or is redeemable at the option of the holder
thereof, in whole or in part (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in each case prior to the six month anniversary of the
Maturity Date, (b) requires the payment of any cash dividend or any other scheduled payment constituting a return of capital, in
each case prior to the six month anniversary of the Maturity Date, or (c) is convertible into or exchangeable for debt securities
or for any Equity Interest referred to in clause (a) above, in each case at any time prior to the six month anniversary of the Maturity
Date; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of Holdings or its Subsidiaries
or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may
be required to be repurchased by Holdings or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.

Dollar, dollars
and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Domestic Subsidiary means any
Subsidiary that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Early Maturity Basket means
an aggregate principal amount equal to the greater of (x) $37.5 million and (y) 75% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.

EEA Financial Institution means
(a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent;

EEA Member Country means any
of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means
any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee means (a) a
Secured Party or any of its Affiliates; (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial loans,
which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of $250.0 million; (c) an Approved Fund;
(d) any Person to whom a Secured Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment and transfer
of such Secured Partys rights in and to a material portion of such Secured Partys portfolio of term loan credit facilities
and (e) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) unless an Event
of Default under Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(f) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall
not include a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Subsidiaries.

-17-

Electronic Signature means an
electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent
to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

Environmental Laws means any
and all Federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, common law, judgments, orders, decrees, permits,
concessions, grants, franchises or licenses, relating to pollution or the protection of the environment or the Release or threat of Release
of any hazardous substances, materials or wastes (including Hazardous Materials) into the environment or human health (to the extent related
to exposure to Hazardous Materials), or generation, storage, treatment, transport or handling of any Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Liability means
any liability, whether pending or threatened (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties
or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or
based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or
disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous
Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed
or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit means any
permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.

Equity Interests means, with
respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants,
options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests
in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests),
and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether
voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means any entity
under common control with Holdings or the Borrower and with which Holdings or the Borrower would be treated as a single employer within
the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

-18-

ERISA Event means (a) a
Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension
Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of
ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) with respect
to any Pension Plan, a failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303
of ERISA, whether or not waived; (d) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status
(as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code); (e) a complete or partial withdrawal
(within the meanings of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) by Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or
receipt by Holdings or the Borrower of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent (within the meanings of Section4245 of
ERISA) or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305
of ERISA); (f) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041
or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate under Section 4042 of ERISA a Pension Plan or Multiemployer
Plan; (g) the appointment of a trustee to administer under Section 4042 of ERISA any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or
(h) with respect to any Pension Plan the imposition of a lien or the posting of a bond or other security pursuant to Section 436(f) of
the Code or Section 206(g)(5) of ERISA.

Event of Default has the meaning
specified in Section 8.01. An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and until that Event
of Default has been duly waived as provided in Section 11.01.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to
time.

Excess Cash Flow means, for
any Fiscal Year of Holdings, the sum (without duplication) of:

(a)the
Consolidated Net Income (or loss) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, adjusted (i) to exclude any gains or losses
attributable to any events as a result of which a mandatory prepayment (other than from Excess Cash Flow) of the Facility is required
and (ii) to subtract the amount, if any, by which taxes paid or required to be paid in cash with respect to such Fiscal Year exceeds
the amount of taxes deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income and to add the amount, if any, by which taxes paid or required to
be paid with respect to such Fiscal Year in cash are less than the amount deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income; plus

(b)depreciation,
amortization and other non-cash charges or losses deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income (or loss) for such Fiscal Year;
plus

(c)the
amount, if any, by which Net Working Capital decreased during such Fiscal Year (except as a result of the reclassification of items from
short-term to long-term or vice-versa); minus

(d)the
amount, if any, by which Net Working Capital increased during such Fiscal Year (except as a result of the reclassification of items from
short-term to long-term or vice-versa); minus

(e)cash
expenditures of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for and incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions or Investments pursuant to Section 7.03(l) during
such Fiscal Year (except to the extent financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness, equity issuances, casualty proceeds, condemnation proceeds
or other proceeds that would not be included in Consolidated Net Income (or loss) for such Fiscal Year); minus

-19-

(f)permanent
repayments of Indebtedness (including any premium, make-whole or other penalty associated therewith) other than, solely for the purposes
of Section 2.03(b), Indebtedness hereunder, made in cash by the Subsidiaries during such Fiscal Year and permitted hereunder,
but, only to the extent that the Indebtedness so prepaid by its terms cannot be reborrowed or redrawn and such prepayments do not occur
in connection with a refinancing of all or any portion of such Indebtedness; minus

(g)cash
payments by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries
(other than Indebtedness) to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period; minus

(h)the
amount expended in respect of voluntary prepayments of Loans made pursuant to Section 2.03(d) (other than in connection
with a refinancing); minus

(i)Restricted
Payments made in cash by the Borrower during such Fiscal Year pursuant to Section 7.06(c) or (d); minus

(j)Capital
Expenditures actually made in cash by Holdings and its Subsidiaries in such Fiscal Year (except to the extent financed with the proceeds
of Indebtedness, equity issuances, casualty proceeds, condemnation proceeds or other proceeds that would not be included in Consolidated
Net Income (or loss) for such Fiscal Year); minus

(k)any
non-cash gains included in determining such Consolidated Net Income (or loss) for such Fiscal Year.

Excluded Swap Obligation means,
with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Loan Party of,
or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal
under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Partys failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant
as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time such Loan Partys obligations under the last
paragraph of Section 10.01 become effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation.

Excluded Taxes means, with respect
to the Agents, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder
or under any other Loan Document, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), franchise taxes
imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes) and branch profits taxes (or similar taxes) imposed by a jurisdiction (or any political subdivision
thereof) as a result of such recipient being organized or resident in, maintaining a Lending Office in, or doing business in such jurisdiction,
(b) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 11.13),
any U.S. federal withholding tax to the extent imposed pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto
(or designates a new Lending Office) except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time
of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding
tax pursuant to Section 3.01; (c) taxes attributable to a Lenders failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) or
(f) and (d) any tax imposed as a result of such recipients failure to establish a complete exemption under FATCA.

Existing
DIP Administrative Agents has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

-20-

Existing DIP Credit Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Existing DIP Facility shall
mean the asset based revolving credit facility of the Borrower governed by the Existing DIP Credit Agreement.

Existing
DIP Lenders has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Existing Liens has the meaning
set forth in Section 11.01(h).

Existing Term Loan Facility
means the credit agreement governing the $200.0 million senior secured term loan facility dated as of April 6, 2012, among the Borrower,
the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan as administrative agent and collateral agent, as amended or modified
from time to time.

Extraordinary Receipt means
any cash received by or paid to any Person in respect of proceeds of insurance (other than (i) proceeds of business interruption
insurance to the extent such proceeds constitute compensation for lost earnings and (ii) in respect of any leased property (or assets
located on such leased property) to the extent that such proceeds are required to be paid to the landlord of such Person pursuant to the
terms of the Lease for such leased property) and condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), in each case, to the extent the amount
of cash received by or paid to such person is at least $1.0 million.

Facility has the meaning set
forth in the preamble.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through
1474 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof or any successor provision that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous
to comply with, and, in each case, any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(i) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreements (together with any law
implementing such agreements).

Federal
Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions
by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on NYFRBs Website from time to time, and
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective
Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

First-Out
DIP Term Loans has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

First-Out
Term Loan Commitments means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment to make First-Out Term Loans hereunder in accordance
with Section 2.01(a), expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans to be made
by such Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced from time to time (a) pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant
to an Assignment and Assumption or (b) upon the incurrence of such First-Out Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(a).
The initial amount of each Lenders First-Out Term Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment
and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its First-Out Term Loan Commitment.

-21-

First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date
means (i) the last Business Day of each calendar month commencing with February 28, 2025, (ii) upon any prepayment due
to acceleration or any other prepayment or repayment, and (iii) the Maturity Date.

First-Out Term Loan PIK Margin
means 5.50% per annum.

First-Out
Term Loans has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

First Priority Lien means any
Lien purported to be created on any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is the most senior Lien to which such
Collateral is subject (subject to (i) in the case of Mortgages, Permitted Encumbrances, and (ii) otherwise, Permitted Liens).

Fiscal Month means any fiscal
month of any Fiscal Year.

Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal
quarter of any Fiscal Year.

Fiscal Year means any period
of twelve consecutive Fiscal Months ending on the Saturday closest to March 31 in each calendar year (except for 53-week years).

Flood Documentation means, with
respect to each Mortgaged Property located in the United States or any territory thereof, (i) a completed life-of-loan
Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard determination (together with a notice about Special Flood Hazard Area status
and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower and the applicable Loan Party relating thereto) and (ii) a copy of, or
a certificate as to coverage under, and a declaration page relating to, the insurance policies required by Section 6.07
hereof and the applicable provisions of the Collateral Documents, each of which shall (A) be endorsed or otherwise amended to include
a standard or New York lenders loss payable or mortgagee endorsement (as applicable), (B) name
the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as additional insured and loss payee/mortgagee and (C) identify the address
of each property located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, the applicable flood zone designation and the flood insurance coverage and deductible
relating thereto and (iii) be otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Flood Insurance Laws means,
collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the
Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (iii) the National Flood Insurance
Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004
as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 2.00% per annum.

Foreign Lender means any Lender
that is not, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a
corporation, partnership or other entity treated as a corporation or partnership created or organized in or under the laws of the United
States, or any political subdivision thereof, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless
of its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration
of such trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of such trust. In addition,
solely for purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, a Foreign Lender shall include a partnership
or other entity treated as a partnership created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, or any political subdivision
thereof, but only to the extent the partners of such partnership (including indirect partners if the direct partners are partnerships
or other entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes created or organized in or under the laws of the United
States, or any political subdivision thereof) are treated as Foreign Lenders under the preceding sentence.

-22-

Foreign Plan means any employee
benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to by, or entered into with, Holdings, the Borrower
or any Subsidiary with respect to employees employed by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary outside the United States that is not
subject to the laws of the United States.

Foreign Subsidiary means any
Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

Former Lender means any Person
that was a Lender but that has assigned all of its Loans and Commitments, and no longer holds any Loans and Commitments and, at the time
of such assignment, was, or an Affiliate of such Lender was, a counterparty under any agreement with respect to Bank Products or Cash
Management Services with any Loan Party, which agreements relating to Bank Products or Cash Management Services have not expired, been
paid out or otherwise terminated or renewed.

FRB means the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fund means any Person (other
than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time; provided, however, that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative
Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing
Date in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through the adoption of IFRS) on the operation of such provisions (or if the Administrative
Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether
any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through the adoption of IFRS), then
such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective
until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European
Union or the European Central Bank).

-23-

Guarantee means, as to any Person,
(a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness
or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly
or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds
for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services
for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness
or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or
level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation,
or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation
of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any
Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness
or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any
such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to, with respect to clause (a) above, the stated or
determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated
or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith
or, with respect to clause (b) above, the fair market value of the property subject to (or contemplated to be subject to) such Lien
as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantor means Holdings and
the Subsidiary Guarantors listed on Schedule 6.12 and each other Subsidiary of Holdings that is required to sign a counterpart
to this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(i).

Guaranty means the guaranty
contained in Article X hereof made by the Guarantors in favor of the Secured Parties.

Hazardous Materials means all
explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or
petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and
all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated or defined as hazardous or toxic (or words of similar import) pursuant to any Environmental
Law.

Holdings
means The Container Store Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

IFRS means International Financial
Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the International Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto
(or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
or any successor to either such Board, or the SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time.

Incremental Term Borrowing means
a Borrowing comprised of Incremental Term Loans.

Incremental Term Lender means
a Lender with an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Incremental Term Loan.

-24-

Incremental Term Loan Amount
means, at any time, the excess, if any, of the greater of (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (x) $75.0 million and (y) 150%
of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA plus (ii) all voluntary prepayments of the existing Facility other than with the proceeds
of long term Indebtedness and (b) any amount so long as, in the case of this clause (b), (i) if such Indebtedness is secured
by a Lien on an equal priority basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated
First Lien Leverage Ratio for the Measurement Period most recently ended prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness does not exceed
2.50 to 1.00, (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on a junior priority basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing
the Obligations, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio for the Measurement Period most recently ended prior to
the incurrence of such Indebtedness does not exceed 3.50 to 1.00 and (iii) if such Indebtedness is secured solely by Liens on property
or assets not constituting Collateral or if such Indebtedness is unsecured, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for
the Measurement Period most recently ended prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness does not exceed 4.50 to 1.00 (it being understood
that if pro forma effect is given to the entire committed amount of any such additional amount on the date of initial borrowing of such
Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing for the commitment to fund such Indebtedness, such committed amount may
thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this clause (b))).

Incremental Term Loan Commitment
means the commitment of any Lender, established pursuant to Section 2.12, to make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower.

Incremental Term Loans means
Loans made by one or more Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b). Incremental Term Loans may be made in the form
of additional Term Loans or, to the extent permitted by Section 2.12 and provided for in the relevant Additional Credit Extension
Amendment, Other Term Loans.

Indebtedness means, as to any
Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance
with GAAP:

(a)all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b)the
maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions that may have been reimbursed) of all direct or contingent obligations
of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial letters of credit), bankers acceptances, bank
guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(c)net
obligations of such Person under Swap Contracts;

(d)all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary
course of business which are being disputed in good faith by appropriate proceedings or which are not past due for more than 120 days
after the date on which such trade account was created, any bona fide earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation
is not paid after becoming due and payable and accounts for payroll and other liabilities in the ordinary course of business);

(e)indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person
or is limited in recourse;

(f)all
Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and all Synthetic Debt
of such Person;

(g)all
obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests; and

(h)all
Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

-25-

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any
Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or
limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is non-recourse to
such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof
as of such date. The amount of outstanding Indebtedness as of any date shall be the principal amount or accreted value thereof at such
date.

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes
other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any
Loan Document.

Indemnitee has the meaning specified
in Section 11.04(b).

Independent Financial Advisor
means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment
of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is independent of the Borrower and its Affiliates.

Information has the meaning
specified in Section 11.07.

Intellectual Property means
all present and future: trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information; trademarks, internet domain names, service marks, trade
dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans, indicia of origin, and other source and/or business identifiers, and all
registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world; copyrights and copyright applications;
unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable); patents and patent applications; license agreements related to any of the foregoing;
all other intellectual property; and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing.

Intercreditor Agreement means
an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

Interest Period means, with
respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and, except as contemplated by Section 2.01,
ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect;
provided, that:

(a)if
any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the
next preceding Business Day;

(b)any
Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding
day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest
Period;

(c)no
Interest Period longer than one month may be selected prior to the date that is the 30th day following the Closing Date; and

(d)no
tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.03(e) shall be available for specification in
such Committed Loan Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date
on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

-26-

Investment means, as to any
Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition
of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase
or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction
or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of another Person or of the assets of another Person that constitute
a discrete business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested (measured
at the time made (which, in the case of any Investment constituting the contribution of an asset or property, shall be based on the Borrowers
good faith estimate of the fair market value of such asset or property at the time such Investment is made)), without adjustment for subsequent
changes in the value of such Investment, net of any return representing a return of capital with respect to such Investment.

IRS means the United States
Internal Revenue Service.

ISDA
Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives
published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

Laws means, collectively, all
international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, laws (including common law), treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, judgments,
ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by
any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders,
directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether
or not having the force of law.

Lease means any agreement, whether
written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any space in
a structure, land, improvements or premises for any period of time.

Lender has the meaning specified
in the introductory paragraph hereto and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to
herein as a Lender.

Lending Office means, as to
any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or such other
office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Lien means any mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, preference, or priority in the nature of a security interest
of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other
encumbrance on title to Real Estate, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Liquidation means the exercise
by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, acting at the direction of Required Lenders, of those rights and remedies accorded to
such Agents under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral,
including (after the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the
Administrative Agent, of any public, private or going out of business sale or other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating
the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate) are used with like meaning in this
Agreement.

-27-

Liquidity
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties (it being understood
that (a) whether cash and Cash Equivalents is restricted or unrestricted shall be determined in accordance with GAAP and (b) cash
and Cash Equivalents shall not be deemed restricted solely as a result of being subject to a Lien securing the Obligations and the Obligations
under the ABL Facility) plus (ii) an amount equal to ABL Excess Availability less 10% of the lesser of (x) the Borrowing
Base and (y) the Aggregate Commitments (each as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement).

Loan Documents means, collectively,
(a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Collateral Documents, (d) the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and (e) each
Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

Loan Parties means, collectively,
the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Loans means the First-Out Term
Loans, Second-Out Term Loans, and Incremental Term Loans.

Make-Whole Amount means, as
of any date of determination, an amount equal to the present value of (1) all required remaining scheduled interest that would accrue
on the Term Loans, subject to the Applicable Premium Event, from the date of determination through the date that is eighteen months after
the Closing Date, assuming that the rate of interest will be equal to the rate of interest in effect on the determination date, including
default interest, if applicable (which shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, accrued and unpaid interest through the date on
which the Make-Whole Amount shall be paid), plus (2) the Applicable Premium payable as if such Applicable Premium Event occurred
on the day immediately following the eighteen-month anniversary of the Closing Date, in each case, computed using a discount rate equal
to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points per annum. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility
for calculating the foregoing.

Material Adverse Effect means
(a) any change, circumstance, event or effect that would be materially adverse to the assets, liabilities, business, financial condition
or results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability of any of Holdings, the Borrower
or any Subsidiary to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon
the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Loan Document
to which it is a party; provided, that, the Chapter 11 Cases, the entry of the Confirmation Order and the facts disclosed publicly in
the filings made in connection therewith and the consummation of the Approved Plan of Reorganization in accordance with such Approved
Plan of Reorganization shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Indebtedness means
Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any of the Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
$15.0 million for all such Persons. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations
in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof.

-28-

Material Intellectual Property
means any Intellectual Property that, individually or in the aggregate, is material to the operation of the business of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Material Subsidiary means, at
any date of determination, any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets at the last day of the most recently ended
Measurement Period were equal to or greater than 5% of the Consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Consolidated Subsidiaries at
such date, or (b) whose gross revenues for such Measurement Period were equal to or greater than 5% of the Consolidated gross revenues
of Holdings and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.

Maturity Date means (a) with
respect to the First-Out Term Loans, April 30, 2029, and (b) with respect to the Second-Out Term Loans, July 30, 2029.

Maximum Rate has the meaning
specified in Section 11.09.

Measurement Period means, at
any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for which financial
statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) have been, or were required to have been, delivered for the
applicable fiscal period.

Mortgage means any deed of trust,
trust deed, deed to secure debt, mortgage or other similar instrument, as applicable, creating a real property Lien on and security interest
in Real Estate in favor of Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

Mortgage Policy has the meaning
specified in Section 6.12(b).

Mortgaged Property means each
parcel of Real Estate owned in fee by any Loan Party, if any, which shall be subject to a Mortgage pursuant to Section 6.12.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer
plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated
to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions on behalf of participants
who are or were employed by any of them.

Net Cash Proceeds means:

(a)with
respect to any Disposition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Extraordinary Receipt received or paid to the account of Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction
(including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise,
including the monetization of any Designated Noncash Consideration, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the
principal amount of any Indebtedness (plus any premium or other required payment on account thereof) that is secured by a Lien
having priority over the Lien of the Collateral Agent (if any) on the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection
with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, but including, the payment of the proceeds from any ABL Priority
Collateral in reduction of the Indebtedness under the ABL Facility) plus, in the case of any Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary
or an Extraordinary Receipt received by a Foreign Subsidiary, the principal amount of Indebtedness (if any) of such Foreign Subsidiary
or other Foreign Subsidiaries proposed to be repaid with such Net Cash Proceeds and (B) the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such transaction; and

-29-

(b)with
respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness not permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.02
by Borrower or any Subsidiary, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such
incurrence or issuances over (ii) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, commissions, costs and other out-of-pocket
expenses and other customary expenses, incurred by Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such incurrence or issuance.

Net Working Capital means, at
any date, (a) the Consolidated current assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of such date (excluding cash and current assets
in respect of income taxes) minus (b) the Consolidated current liabilities of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of such date (excluding
current liabilities in respect of Indebtedness and deferred income taxes). Net Working Capital at any date may be a positive or negative
number. Net Working Capital increases when it becomes more positive or less negative and decreases when it becomes less positive or more
negative.

Note means a promissory note
made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender, evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit E.

NPL means the National Priorities
List under CERCLA.

NYFRB
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRBs
Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

NYFRB Rate means, for any day,
the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect
on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates
are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted
at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing
selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be
zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Obligations
means (a) all debts (including principal, interest, fees, the Applicable Premium, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations,
covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan (including
any Other Term Loan), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due,
now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any
Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether
such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding and (b) any Other Liabilities, excluding, with respect to any Guarantor
that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor, Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor.

-30-

Organization Documents means
(a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive
documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles
of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, limited partnership, joint venture,
trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and
any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable
Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation
or organization of such entity.

Other Liabilities means amounts
due on account of or arising from (a) any Cash Management Services furnished to any of the Loan Parties and (b) any transaction
which arises out of any Bank Product entered into with any of the Loan Parties, as each may be amended from time to time.

Other Taxes means all present
or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies (including any interest, additions
to tax or penalties applicable thereto) arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution,
delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Other Term Loans has the meaning
specified in Section 2.12(a).

Overnight
Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions
denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the
NYFRB as set forth on NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight
bank funding rate.

Participant has the meaning
specified in Section 11.06(d).

Participant Register has the
meaning specified in Section 11.06(d).

PBGC means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation.

PCAOB means the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board.

Pension Plan, means any employee
pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject
to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or
to which Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer
or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five
plan years on behalf of participants who are or were employed by any of them.

Perfection Certificate means
a certificate in the form of Exhibit H-1 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented
from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise.

Perfection Certificate Supplement
means a certificate supplement in the form of Exhibit H-2 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent.

-31-

Permitted Acquisition has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03(h).

Permitted Encumbrances has the
meaning specified in the Mortgages.

Permitted
Holders means (i) Closing Date Equity Holders and (ii) any Person that, directly or indirectly, holds or acquires
beneficial ownership of 100% on a fully diluted basis of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of Holdings, and of which no other
any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity
as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan that in each case is not acting in concert with another Person),
other than any of the Closing Date Equity Holders, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of
all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage
of time (such right, an option right)) more than 50% of the equity securities of such Person entitled to vote for members
of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such Person on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities
that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right).

Permitted Holdco Debt means
Indebtedness of Holdings that (A) is not subject to any Guarantee by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (B) will not mature
prior to the date that is 180 days after the Maturity Date, (C) has no scheduled amortization or mandatory redemption of principal
(excluding customary offers to purchase under certain circumstances, such as a change in control) prior to the date that
is 180 days after the Maturity Date, (D) does not require or permit payments in cash of interest or other amounts in the nature of
interest prior to the date that is 180 days after the Maturity Date, (E) is subordinated to the Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable
to the Required Lenders, (F) is unsecured, (G) is not convertible into or exchangeable for any Indebtedness or Equity Interests
other than Equity Interests in Holdings (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) on market terms, (H) has covenants, defaults and
remedies provisions customary for senior discount notes of an issuer that is the parent of a borrower under senior credit facilities,
and (I) the net proceeds from which are contributed by Holdings to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries for its general corporate
purposes (including, without limitation, for the payment of the purchase price for acquisitions permitted under Section 7.03(h)).

Permitted Indebtedness has the
meaning specified in Section 7.02.

Permitted Lien has the meaning
specified in Section 7.01.

Permitted Protest means the
protest by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Lien (other than any such Lien that secures the Obligations), taxes, or rental payment,
provided that (a) a reserve with respect to such obligation is established on the books and records of the applicable Person
in such amount (if any) to the extent required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is prosecuted diligently by the Borrower or such
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in good faith, by appropriate proceedings, (c) such protest effectively suspends collection of the
contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, and (d) the failure to make payment during the pendency
of such protest, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-32-

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person (or
any successor of such Person) by such Person or its successor; provided that (a) the principal or committed amount (or accreted
value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the sum of (i) the outstanding principal or committed amount (or accreted value, if
applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended plus (ii) prepayment premiums and other
reasonable amounts paid, and fees (including original issue discount and upfront fees) and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection
with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (b) other than with regard to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(f) or Section 7.03(h) such modification,
refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has (i) a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of the
Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and (ii) a weighted average life to maturity equal to or greater
than the weighted average life to maturity of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) if
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is Subordinated Indebtedness, such modification, refinancing,
refunding, renewal or extension (i) is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable, taken
as a whole, to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Subordinated Indebtedness being modified, refinanced,
refunded, renewed or extended, (ii) does not require payments of cash interest prior to the date that is six months following the
maturity date of the Indebtedness being refinanced in amounts greater than was required by the Indebtedness being refinanced, and (iii) contains
covenants and events of default that are not more restrictive taken as a whole than the covenants and events of default contained in the
documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), and (d) no property of any
Loan Party or Subsidiary shall constitute collateral security for the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, or extended
other than any Permitted Liens.

Person means any natural person,
corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority
or other entity.

Petition Date has the meaning
assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.

Plan means any employee
benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established or maintained by Holdings, the Borrower or,
with respect to any such Plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate.

Plan Asset Regulations means
29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

Plan of Reorganization means
First Amended Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter
11 of The Bankruptcy Code, dated January 23, 2025, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

Platform has the meaning specified
in Section 6.02.

Pledge Agreement means the Pledge
Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, together with each other pledge agreement and
pledge agreement supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(iii), as amended.

Pledged Debt means any debt
instrument constituting Collateral under any of the Collateral Documents.

Pledged Equity means any certificated
equity security constituting Collateral under any of the Collateral Documents.

-33-

Prime Rate means the rate of
interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote
such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519)
(Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted
therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative
Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being
effective.

Pro Forma Basis means, with
respect to compliance with any test or covenant or calculation hereunder, the determination or calculation of such test, covenant or ratio
(including in connection with Specified Transactions) in accordance with Section 1.08.

PTE means a prohibited transaction
class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has the meaning
specified in Section 6.02.

Public Offering means a public
offering of the Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

QFC has the meaning assigned
to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 11.22.

Qualified
ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the
time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such
other person as constitutes an ECP under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and
can cause another person to qualify as an ECP at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of
the Commodity Exchange Act.

Qualified Equity Interests means
any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Qualified Equity Issuance means
any sale or issuance (other than to the Borrower or a Subsidiary) of any Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower.

Real Estate means all Leases
and all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan
Party.

Reference
Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means, (a) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00
a.m. (New York City time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting,
(b) [reserved] or (c) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion.

Refinanced Loans has the meaning
provided in Section 11.01.

Register has the meaning specified
in Section 11.06(c).

-34-

Registered Public Accounting Firm
has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws and shall be independent of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities
Laws.

Related Parties means, with
respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person
and of such Persons Affiliates.

Release means any spilling,
leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing,
or migrating of any Hazardous Material into or through the environment.

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or, in each case, any successor thereto.

Relevant Rate means with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate.

Reportable Event means any of
the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived by regulation.

Required First-Out Lenders means
the Lenders holding a majority in the aggregate principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans.

Required Lenders means the Lenders
holding (x) a majority in the aggregate principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans and (y) a majority in the aggregate principal
amount of the First-Out Term Loans and the Second-Out Term Loans, collectively; provided, however, that, solely with respect
to the exercise of remedies following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders shall mean the
Required First-Out Lenders.

Resolution Authority means an
EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer means the
chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, any executive or senior vice president, vice
president of finance and treasury, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party or any of the other officers designated
in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate
or other document to be delivered hereunder. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party
shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such
Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Payment means any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to
any Equity Interest of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (whether in cash, securities
or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition,
cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries
direct or indirect stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof).

-35-

Restriction has the meaning
specified in Section 2.03(c).

S&P means Standard &
Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto.

SEC means the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second-Out
DIP Term Loans has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Second-Out PIK Election has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c).

Second-Out
Term Loan Commitments means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment to make Second-Out Term Loans hereunder in accordance
with Section 2.01(b), expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Second-Out Term Loans to be
made by such Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced from time to time (a) pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender
pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or (b) upon the incurrence of such Second-Out Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(b).
The initial amount of each Lenders Second-Out Term Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment
and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Second-Out Term Loan Commitment.

Second-Out
Term Loan Interest Payment Date means (i) the last Business Day of the Fiscal Month ending on July 31, 2025,
and the last Business Day of each six-month period thereafter, (ii) upon any prepayment due to acceleration or any other prepayment
or repayment, and (iii) the Maturity Date.

Second-Out Term Loan PIK Margin
means 4.0% per annum.

Second-Out
Term Loans has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Second Priority Lien means any
Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is second in priority only to the Liens
created under the ABL Loan Documents (subject to (i) in the case of Mortgages, Permitted Encumbrances) and (ii) otherwise, Permitted
Liens).

Secured Party means (a) each
Lender, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) the Collateral Agent, (d) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation
undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (e) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.

Secured Party Expenses means,
without limitation, (a) all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, and their
respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable
and documented in reasonable detail fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agents, provided that the Agents shall
be entitled to be reimbursed for no more than one counsel and, if reasonably necessary, for one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction
material to the interest of the Lenders, in each case, selected by the Agent, absent a conflict of interest between any of such Persons
where the affected Persons inform the Borrower of such conflict, in which case the affected Persons may engage and be reimbursed for one
additional counsel, (B) outside consultants for the Agents, (C) appraisers, and (D) all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred
during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Obligations and (ii) in connection with (A) the syndication
of the credit facilities provided for herein, (B) the preparation, negotiation, administration, management, execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (C) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection
with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral, or (D) any workout,
restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Obligations and (b) all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Secured Parties who are not the Agents, or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, provided that such Secured Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one
counsel representing all such Secured Parties (absent a conflict of interest between the Secured Parties, where the affected Secured Parties
inform the Borrower of such conflict, in which case the Secured Parties may engage and be reimbursed for one additional counsel).

-36-

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities Laws means the Securities
Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (in each case, as amended), and the applicable accounting and
auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB.

Security Agreement means the
Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, together with each other security agreement
and security agreement supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(iii), as amended.

Senior Liens has the meaning
set forth in Section 11.01(h).

series means, with respect to
any Incremental Term Loans, all such Loans that have the same maturity date, amortization and interest rate provision and that are designated
as part of such series pursuant to the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment.

SOFR means a rate per annum
equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR
Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR
Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by
the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

Solvent and Solvency
mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person
is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value
of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts
as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities
beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or
a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably
small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they
mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the
light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual
or matured liability.

-37-

Specified Transaction means
any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, any Investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business
unit, line of business or division of another Person or a Store or any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of
the Borrower or a Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise, any incurrence or repayment of
Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working
capital purposes), any Restricted Payment or Incremental Term Loan and any other transaction that by the terms of this Agreement requires
such test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis.

Store means any retail store
(which includes any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by
the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Subordinated Indebtedness means
all Indebtedness of a Loan Party that is subordinate in right of payment to any or all of the Obligations pursuant to subordination provisions
reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and which provide, without limitation, (a) for a maturity after the Maturity Date,
(b) that such Indebtedness is unsecured, (c) that no principal payments shall be required to be made until after the Maturity
Date, and (d) that interest shall accrue and be payable in cash at a market rate of interest, subject to the right of the Administrative
Agent to impose a payment blockage period upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default. In no event shall Disqualified
Equity Interests be deemed Subordinated Indebtedness.

Subsidiary of a Person means
a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities
or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests
having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is
otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified,
all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Holdings.

Subsidiary Guarantors means
collectively, all Subsidiaries of the Borrower other than (i) any CFC, (ii) any Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by a
CFC or (iii) any Domestic Subsidiary if substantially all of the assets of such Domestic Subsidiary consist of Equity Interests in
one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs.

Supported QFC has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 11.22.

Survey means a survey of any
Mortgaged Property (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed to perform surveys
in the jurisdiction where such Mortgaged Property is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than six months prior to the date
of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within six months prior to such date of delivery any exterior construction on the
site of such Mortgaged Property or any easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property has been granted or become effective
through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Mortgaged Property which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which
events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall
not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 20 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness
of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property, provided that with respect to any of the Mortgaged
Properties described on Schedule 5.07(c) where no new construction has occurred since the most recent survey and no new encumbrances
have been created since the date of such survey, a survey affidavit of no change shall satisfy the provisions of this clause (ii), (iii) certified
by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the
Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such
requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey, and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard
survey exceptions from the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property and issue the endorsements of the
type required by Section 6.12, or (b) otherwise acceptable to the Collateral Agent.

-38-

Swap Contract means any and
all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options,
forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond
or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions,
floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts,
or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing),
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement.

Swap Obligation means, with
respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap
within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination Value means,
in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating
to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined
in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined
as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Swedish Credit Facility means
the Master Credit Agreement, dated March 18, 2019, between Elfa International AB and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, including
any related notes, guarantees and collateral documents executed in connection therewith, and in each case as amended, restated, modified,
refinanced, renewed, refunded, restructured or replaced in any manner.

Swedish Pledge Agreement means
the share pledge agreement between the Borrower as pledgor and the Collateral Agent in accordance with this Agreement.

Synthetic Debt means, with respect
to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such
Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions that function primarily
as a borrowing) but are not otherwise included in the definition of Indebtedness or as a liability on the Consolidated balance
sheet of such Person and the Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

Synthetic Lease Obligation means
the monetary obligation of a Person under an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions),
in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor
Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

-39-

Taxes means all present or future
taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by
any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate
determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate.

Term Benchmark Loans means a
Loan that bears interest based on the Term SOFR Rate.

Term Loans means, individually
or collectively as the context may require, First-Out Term Loans, Second-Out Term Loans, and Incremental Term Loans.

Term Priority Collateral has
the meaning specified in the Intercreditor Agreement.

Term SOFR Determination Day
has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately
5:00 a.m., New York City time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable
to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

Term SOFR Reference Rate means,
for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), and for any tenor comparable to the applicable
Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking
term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate
for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the
Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such
Term SOFR Determination Day.

Title Company means any title
insurance company as shall be retained by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.

Total Debt means, at any date
of determination (i) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness (other than contingent Indebtedness of the type described in
clause (b) of the definition of Indebtedness and obligations under Swap Contracts permitted by Section 7.02(a)(except
to the extent any such Swap Contract has terminated)) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries outstanding as of such date, in the amount that
would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP less (ii) the aggregate
amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on such date.

-40-

Total Outstandings means, on
any date, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Loans, after giving effect to any borrowings or repayments of Loans occurring on such
date.

Transaction means, collectively,
(a) the execution of the ABL Facility and the lending of Loans thereunder, (b) the entering into the Loan Documents by the Loan
Parties and their applicable Subsidiaries, (c) the termination and repayment of all Indebtedness under the Borrowers ABL DIP
Facility, (d) refinance all Indebtedness under the Borrowers Existing DIP Facility, (e) the consummation of any other
transactions in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, the consummation of the Approved Plan of Reorganization
and (f) the payment of the fees and Transaction Expenses.

Transaction Expenses means fees
and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of this Agreement, the ABL Facility and the use of proceeds thereof.

Transaction Support Agreement
means that certain Transaction Support Agreement (including all exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto), dated as of December 21,
2024 (as may be amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof),
by and among the Chapter 11 Debtors and the Consenting Stakeholders (as defined therein).

Treasury Rate means with respect
to any date of prepayment, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity at the time of computation of the United States Treasury
securities with a constant maturity as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H 15 (519) (or is
obtainable from the Federal Reserve Systems Data Download Program as of the date of such H.15) that has become publicly available
at least two Business Days prior to the date of delivery of the prepayment notice with respect to such date of prepayment (or, if such
Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source that is typically relied upon by similar market participants
of similar market data selected by the Borrower in good faith) most nearly equal to the period from such date of prepayment to the five
year anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, that, if the period from the date of prepayment to the five year anniversary of
the Closing Date is not nearly equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is
given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one twelfth of a year) from the weekly average
yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the date of prepayment to
the five year anniversary of the Closing Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury
securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall have
no responsibility for calculating the foregoing.

Type means, with respect to
a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Term Benchmark Loan.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial
Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority
of any security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy under the Loan Documents is governed by the Uniform Commercial
Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect
from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or
non-perfection, priority or availability of such remedy.

-41-

UK Financial Institution means
any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined in the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential
Regulation Authority) or any person falling with IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit
institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means
the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Unfunded Pension Liability means
the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension
Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the
Code for the applicable plan year.

United States and U.S.
means the United States of America.

USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Public
Law No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended or modified from time to time.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day
means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities.

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.22.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(iii).

Write-Down and Conversion Powers
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from
time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract
or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right has been exercised under it
or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary
of those powers.

Yield for any Indebtedness on
any date of determination will be the internal rate of return on any Loan determined by the Administrative Agent utilizing (a) the
greater of (i) if applicable, any Floor applicable to such Loan on such date and (ii) the forward Term SOFR Rate curve (calculated
on a quarterly basis) as calculated by the Administrative Agent in accordance with its customary practice during the period from such
date to the final maturity date of such Indebtedness; (b) the Applicable Margin for such Loan on such date; and (c) the issue
price of such Loan (after giving effect to any original issue discount or upfront fees paid to the market in respect of such Indebtedness
(converted to interest margin based on an assumed four year weighted average life) but excluding customary arranger, underwriting, structuring,
syndication or other fees not paid to the lenders providing such Indebtedness generally). For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative
Agent shall have no responsibility for calculating the foregoing.

-42-

1.02Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such
other Loan Document:

(a)The
definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require,
any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise,
(i) any definition of or reference to any Law, agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall
be construed as referring to such Law, agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document),
(ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used
in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof,
(iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed
to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Document in which such references
appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or
interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including
cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower after reasonable investigation.

(b)In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from
and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding;
and the word through means to and including.

(c)Section headings
herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

1.03Accounting
Terms. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial
data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared
in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used
in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

1.04Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

-43-

1.05Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or
standard, as applicable).

1.06Senior
Debt. The Loans and other Obligations are hereby designated as Senior Debt and Designated Senior Debt
(or other similar terms) for all purposes of any Subordinated Indebtedness.

1.07Available
Amount Transactions. If more than one action occurs on any given date the permissibility of the taking of which is determined hereunder
by reference to the amount of the Available Amount immediately prior to the taking of such action, the permissibility of the taking of
each such action shall be determined independently and in no event may any two or more such actions be treated as occurring simultaneously,
i.e., each transaction must be permitted under the Available Amount as so calculated.

1.08Pro
Forma Calculations.

(a)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.08;
provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (b), (c) or (d) of this Section 1.08,
when calculating the Consolidated Leverage Ratio for purposes of Section 2.03(b)(i), the events described in this Section 1.08
that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Measurement Period shall not be given pro forma effect.

(b)For
purposes of calculating the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, Specified Transactions (and the incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in
connection therewith) that have been made (i) during the applicable Measurement Period or (ii) subsequent to such Measurement
Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated on a pro
forma basis assuming that all such Specified Transactions (and any increase or decrease in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and the component
financial definitions used therein attributable to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Measurement
Period. If since the beginning of any applicable Measurement Period any Person that subsequently became a Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated
or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Measurement Period shall have made any
Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.08, then the Consolidated Leverage Ratio
shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto in accordance with this Section 1.08.

(c)Whenever
pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial
or accounting officer of the Borrower and may include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of cost savings and synergies projected
by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of specified actions taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken (calculated
on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings
and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period) relating to such Specified Transaction, net of the amount of actual benefits
theretofore realized during such period from such actions; provided that (A) such amounts are reasonably identifiable, quantifiable
and supportable in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, (B) such actions are taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken
no later than twelve (12) months after the date of such Specified Transaction, (C) no amounts shall be added pursuant to this clause
(c) to the extent duplicative of any amounts that are otherwise added back in computing Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, whether through
a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, with respect to such period and (D) the aggregate amount of cost savings and synergies added
pursuant to this clause (c) for any such period after the Closing Date shall not exceed 10% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such
Measurement Period (giving pro forma effect to the relevant Specified Transaction (but not to any cost savings or synergies)).

-44-

(d) In
the event that the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by redemption, repayment,
retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness included in the calculations of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as the case may be (in
each case, other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working
capital purposes), (i) during the applicable Measurement Period or (ii) subsequent to the end of the applicable Measurement
Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then the Consolidated Leverage
Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, to the extent required, as if the
same had occurred on the last day of the applicable Measurement Period.

1.09Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Section 3.03(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent
does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission,
performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor
rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest
rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability.
The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any
interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any
relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources
or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced
in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender
or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

ARTICLE II

THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS

2.01The
Loans.

(a)First-Out
Term Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on the Closing Date, each Lender with a First-Out Term Loan Commitment severally
and not jointly agrees to make a First-Out Term Loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount equal to
the amount of such Lenders First-Out Term Loan Commitment by an exchange of its First-Out DIP Term Loans and accrued and unpaid
interest in respect thereof, in accordance with Section 2.01(c)below.
Upon such exchange, the First-Out Term Loan Commitment of such Lender shall terminate.

-45-

(b)Second-Out
Term Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on the Closing Date, each Lender with a Second-Out Term Loan Commitment severally
and not jointly agrees to make a Second-Out Term Loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount equal
to the amount of such Lenders Second-Out Term Loan Commitment by an exchange of its Second-Out DIP Term Loans and accrued and
unpaid interest in respect thereof, in accordance with Section 2.01(c)below.
Upon such exchange, the Second-Out Term Loan Commitment of such Lender shall terminate.

(c)On
the Closing Date and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 hereof, pursuant to
the terms of the Plan of Reorganization and Confirmation Order, each Lender shall be deemed to have exchanged on a dollar-for-dollar
basis, pro rata among all applicable Lenders in accordance with their First-Out DIP Term Loans and Second-Out DIP Term Loans, First-Out
DIP Term Loans and Second-Out DIP Term Loans into the First-Out Term Loans and Second-Out Term Loans, respectively, to be made by such
Lender hereunder. The Borrower may not reborrow any portion of the Term Loans once repaid or prepaid.

(d)Each
Lender having an Incremental Term Loan Commitment severally agrees, subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations
and warranties set forth herein and in the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment, to make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrower,
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed its Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Each Incremental Term Borrowing shall consist of
Incremental Term Loans made simultaneously by the applicable Incremental Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Incremental
Term Loan Commitments.

(e)Amounts
borrowed under this Section 2.01 and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term Benchmark
Loans as further provided herein. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall neither relieve any other Lender of its obligation
to fund its Loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement nor increase the obligation of any such other Lender.

2.02Borrowings,
Conversions and Continuations of Loans.

(a)Each
Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be made upon the
Borrowers irrevocable delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00
p.m. (New York City time) (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior
to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or of any conversion of Term Benchmark
Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of the Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (except that
the notice of the Borrowing of Loans on the Closing Date may be provided one Business Day prior to the Closing Date). The Borrowing of,
conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2.0 million or a whole multiple of $1.0 million
in excess thereof (or such amount as is the remainder of the applicable Loan). The Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall
be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof (or such amount as is the remainder of the applicable
Loan). Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the
principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, (iii) the Class of Loans to which such notice relates, (iv) the Type of Loans
to be borrowed, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. Each Conversion/Continuation Notice
shall specify the Class of Loans to which such notice relates and (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a conversion of Loans
from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) the requested date of the conversion or continuation
(which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be converted or continued, (iv) if applicable, the
Type of Loans to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect
thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice
of a conversion or continuation in a Conversion/Continuation Notice, then the Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans.
Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect
to the applicable Term Benchmark Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice
or a conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans in a Conversion/Continuation Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period,
the Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month.

-46-

(b)Following
receipt of a Committed Loan Notice by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender
of the amount of its share of such Loan (based on the respective Commitments of the Lenders of the applicable Class) with respect to
the Loans referred to in such Committed Loan Notice, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation in a Conversion/Continuation
Notice is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each such Lender of the details of any automatic conversion
to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a). Each applicable Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the
Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01
(or, if such Borrowing is an Incremental Term Borrowing, the conditions set forth in the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment
and Section 2.12), the Administrative Agent shall use reasonable efforts to make all funds so received available to the Borrower
in like funds on the day of receipt by the Administrative Agent either by wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with
instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower.

(c)Except
as otherwise provided herein, a Term Benchmark Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
Term Benchmark Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term Benchmark
Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders.

(d)The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term
Benchmark Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent
shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the calculation of the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly
following the public announcement of such change.

(e)After
giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type,
there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to all Loans.

2.03Prepayment.

(a)Optional.
The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay any Borrowing. All voluntary
prepayments shall be applied first towards repayment of any outstanding First-Out Term Loans and then, following payment in full of the
First-Out Term Loans, to the repayment of the Second-Out Term Loans, in each case on a pro rata basis; provided, however,
that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) (A) three
Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans and (B) one Business Day prior to any date of prepayment of
Base Rate Loans, (ii) any prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2.0 million or a whole multiple
of $1.0 million in excess thereof, or in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding and (iii) any
prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess, or in each case,
if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment,
the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term Benchmark Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders share
of such prepayment (which shall be based on the respective principal amounts of Loans of the applicable Class held by each Lender).
If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall
be due and payable on the date specified therein except that, subject to Section 3.05, any such notice in connection with
a refinancing of all Loans may be conditioned upon obtaining the proceeds of a new financing. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan
shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

-47-

(b)Mandatory.

(i)Within
five Business Days after financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and
the related Compliance Certificate has been (or is required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a), the Borrower
shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to the excess (if any) of (A) 50% of Excess Cash Flow for the Fiscal Year
of Holdings (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending March 29, 2026) covered by (or which would have been covered by) such financial
statements over (B) the aggregate principal amount of Loans prepaid or repaid pursuant to Section 2.03(a) or
Section 2.05 during the Fiscal Year of Holdings covered by (or which would have been covered by) such financial statements
or in the subsequent Fiscal Year prior to the date of any required payment pursuant to this Section 2.03(b)(i), except (x) with
respect to any prepayments or repayments pursuant to Section 2.03(a), to the extent such prepayments or repayments occurred
in connection with a refinancing of such Loans with other Indebtedness (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in clause (b)(v) below),
(y) with respect to any prepayments or repayments pursuant to Section 2.05 that were made with the proceeds of loans
under the ABL Facility (the ABL Proceeds Loans), to the extent such ABL Proceeds Loans have not been repaid (or
been repaid with a refinancing of such Loans with other Indebtedness) on or prior to the last day of Holdings Fiscal Year ending
March 28, 2026 or (z) if an amount is deducted pursuant to a payment made in a subsequent Fiscal Year, the same amount may
not be deducted in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow in the subsequent Fiscal Year.

(ii)If
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries Disposes of any property (other than (i) with respect only to the ABL Priority Collateral,
such portion of the Net Cash Proceeds that are then required to be paid to the lenders under the ABL Facility and (ii) any Disposition
of any property permitted by Section 7.05(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (i) or
(j)) which results in the realization by such Person of Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount
of Loans equal to 100% of such Net Cash Proceeds promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) following receipt thereof by such
Person (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in clause (iv) below); provided, however, that so long as no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary may reinvest all or any portion of such Net Cash
Proceeds in the business of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries (including acquisitions permitted under Section 7.03(h) and
inventory) so long as (A) within ten Business Days of receiving such Net Cash Proceeds the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate
to the Administrative Agent stating that such Person intends to reinvest all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in such assets,
(B) within 365 days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall have entered into a binding commitment to reinvest
such proceeds as provided above, and (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are reinvested within 180 days of the date such commitment is entered
into (as certified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent); provided, further, however, that (A) if
the property subject to such Disposition constituted Collateral under the Collateral Documents, then all property purchased with the
Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection shall be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Collateral Documents in favor
of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with Section 6.12,
and (B) pending reinvestment, any Net Cash Proceeds in respect of Term Priority Collateral in excess of $5.0 million shall be segregated
from other funds of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in a deposit account subject to a control agreement in favor of the Collateral
Agent; and provided, further, however, that any Net Cash Proceeds not so reinvested within the time periods specified
above shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in this Section 2.03(b)(ii).

-48-

(iii)Upon
the incurrence or issuance by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness not permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant
to Section 7.02, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds
received therefrom promptly (and in any event within one week) following receipt thereof by such Person (such prepayments to be applied
as set forth in clause (v) below).

(iv)Upon
any Extraordinary Receipt being received by or paid to or for the account of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and not otherwise included
in clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(b), the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal
to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) following receipt thereof by
such Person (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in clause (v) below); provided, however, that with respect
to any proceeds of insurance and condemnation awards (or payments in lieu thereof), and so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, such Person may apply such Net Cash Proceeds to replace or repair the equipment, fixed assets or real property in
respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were received or to invest in assets that the Borrower determines in good faith are used or useful
in the business of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries (including acquisitions permitted under Section 7.03(h) and inventory)
so long as (A) within ten Business Days of receiving such Net Cash Proceeds the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the
Administrative Agent stating that such Person intends to reinvest all or such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds to replace or repair
the equipment, fixed assets or real property in respect of which such cash proceeds were received or to invest in such assets, (B) within
365 days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall have entered into a binding commitment to reinvest such proceeds
to replace or repair equipment, fixed assets or real property or to invest in such assets, and (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are so
used within 180 days of the date such commitment is entered into (as certified by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent);
provided, further, however, that (A) if the property subject to such Extraordinary Receipt constituted
Collateral under the Collateral Documents, then all property purchased with the Net Cash Proceeds thereof pursuant to this subsection
shall be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Collateral Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the
benefit of the other Secured Parties in accordance with Section 6.12 and (B) pending reinvestment, any Net Cash Proceeds
in respect of Term Priority Collateral in excess of $5.0 million shall be segregated from the other funds of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
in a deposit account subject to a control agreement in favor of the Collateral Agent; provided, further, however,
that any cash proceeds not so applied shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of the Loans as set forth in this Section 2.03(b)(iv).

(v)Each
prepayment of Loans pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(b) shall be applied (x) first, to
the First-Out Term Loans (including the principal and interest owed thereon), until repaid in full and (y) then, to the Second-Out
Term Loans, until repaid in full, in each case, on a pro rata basis.

-49-

Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of clauses
(i), (ii), or (iv) of this Section 2.03(b), so long as no Default under Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(f) or
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if, on any date on which a prepayment would otherwise be required to be made
pursuant to clauses (i), (ii), or (iv) of this Section 2.03(b), the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds required by
such clause to be applied to prepay Loans on such date is less than or equal to $5.0 million, the Borrower may defer such prepayment
until the first date on which the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds or other amounts otherwise required under clause (i), (ii), or
(iv) of this Section 2.03(b) to be applied to prepay Loans exceeds $5.0 million. Upon the occurrence of a Default
under Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(f) or an Event of Default during any such deferral period, the
Borrower shall immediately prepay the Loans in the amount of all Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower and other amounts, as applicable,
that are required to be applied to prepay Loans under this Section 2.03(b) (without giving effect to the first sentence
of this clause (v)) but which have not previously been so applied. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan shall be accompanied by all
accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amount required pursuant to Section 3.05.

(vi)The
Borrower shall deliver to the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (x) at the time of each prepayment required under this
Section 2.03(b), a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation
of the amount of such prepayment and (y) prior written notice of such prepayment; provided, that (i) such notice must
be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) (A) three Business Days prior to any
date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans and (B) one Business Day prior to any date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans, (ii) any
prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2.0 million or a whole multiple of $1.0 million in excess thereof,
or in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall
be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess, or in each case, if less, the entire principal amount
thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment, the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid,
any premium, Applicable Premium or Make Whole amount, and, if Term Benchmark Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of
such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders
share of such prepayment (which shall be based on the respective principal amounts of Loans of the applicable Class held by each
Lender). If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein except that, subject to Section 3.05, any such notice in connection
with a refinancing of all Loans may be conditioned upon obtaining the proceeds of a new financing. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark
Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

(c)The
prepayments of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(i), (ii) or (iv), to the extent the Net Cash Proceeds
giving rise to the requirement to make a prepayment pursuant to one of such clauses are generated by a Foreign Subsidiary, shall be subject
to (x) permissibility under local law relating to financial assistance, corporate benefit, restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra-group
and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary and (y) restrictions in its material organizational
documents and in agreements governing Indebtedness of such Foreign Subsidiary (including as a result of minority ownership) (each restriction
referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), a Restriction). Further, there will be no requirement to make any such
prepayment where a Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent stating that it would incur
a material tax liability by doing so. The non-application and nonpayment of any prepayment amounts pursuant to Sections 2.03(b)(i),
(ii) or (iv) as a consequence of this Section 2.03(c) will not, for the avoidance of doubt,
constitute a Default or an Event of Default, and such prepayment amounts shall be available for working capital purposes of Borrower
and its Subsidiaries as long as not required to be prepaid in accordance with the following provisions. Borrower and its Subsidiaries
will use and shall procure that any of their Subsidiaries will use commercially reasonable efforts to overcome or eliminate any Restrictions
and/or minimize any such costs of prepayment and/or use the other cash resources of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (subject to the considerations
above) to make the relevant prepayment. If at any time within one year of a prepayment being forgiven due to a Restriction, such Restriction
is removed, any relevant proceeds will at the end of the then current Interest Period (or, if Base Rate Loans are then outstanding, immediately)
be applied in accordance with the applicable prepayment provision above (net of any reasonable costs, expenses or taxes incurred by Borrower
and its Subsidiaries and arising exclusively as a result of compliance with the preceding sentence).

-50-

(d)In
the event that an Applicable Premium Event occurs, the Borrowers shall pay the Applicable Premium in respect of Term Loans subject to
such Applicable Premium Event to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the Lenders.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is understood and agreed that if an Applicable Premium
Event occurs, the Applicable Premium, if any, determined as of the date of such acceleration will also be due and payable and will be
treated and deemed as though the Loans were prepaid as of such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations for all purposes herein.
Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.03(d) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated
damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the prepayment date, and the Borrowers and Guarantors agree that
it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. The Applicable Premium shall also be payable in the event the Obligations
(and/or this Agreement) are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding, deed in lieu of foreclosure
or by any other means). THE BORROWERS AND GUARANTORS EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS
OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION. The Borrowers and Guarantors
expressly agree that (i) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated
business people, ably represented by counsel, (ii) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market
rates at the time payment is made, (iii) there has been a course of conduct between Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific
consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium, (iv) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter
from claiming differently than as agreed to in this Section 2.03(d), (v) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium
is a material inducement to the Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (vi) the Applicable Premium represents
a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Lenders and that it would be impractical and
extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by the Lenders as a result of such prepayment
date.

2.04Termination
or Reduction of Commitments.

(a)Each
Lenders First-Out Term Loan Commitments shall be permanently reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the aggregate principal amount
of any First-Out Term Loans made by such Lender in accordance with Section 2.01(a) in respect of such applicable First-Out
Term Loan Commitments.

-51-

(b)Each
Lenders Second-Out Term Loan Commitments shall be permanently reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the aggregate principal
amount of any Second-Out Term Loans made by such Lender in accordance with Section 2.01(b) in respect of such applicable Second-Out
Term Loan Commitments.

2.05Repayment
of Loans.

The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative
Agent for the ratable account of each Lender on the Maturity Date, the entire outstanding principal amount of, and all accrued bit unpaid
interest on, the Loan and all other Obligations them due and payable (of any).

2.06Interest.

(a)Subject
to the provisions of Section 2.06(d), (i) each Loan which is a Term Benchmark Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period plus
the Applicable Margin and (ii) each Loan which is a Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof
from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

(b)With
respect to the First-Out Term Loans, prior to the occurrence of the Cash Pay Trigger, interest accrued on the First-Out Term Loans at
the First-Out Term Loan PIK Margin shall be paid in kind on each First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (other than
the Maturity Date or any prepayment thereof) applicable thereto by capitalizing and adding such amount to (and thereby increasing) the
principal amount of the First-Out Term Loans outstanding on such First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (it being understood that
such interest paid in kind shall be capitalized on such First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date and when so capitalized
shall constitute principal of the First-Out Term Loans for all purposes hereunder, including accruing interest and other payments on
First-Out Term Loans) and the remaining interest payable on such First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date shall be paid in cash. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Borrower may elect to pay all or a portion of interest accrued on the First-Out Term Loans at the First-Out Term Loan
PIK Margin in cash (and not in kind) on any First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date by delivering a written notice to
the Administrative Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit K hereto (a Cash Pay Notice), no later
than five (5) Business Days prior to such First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date. Each Cash Pay Notice shall specify the amount
of the interest accrued on the applicable First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date which was to be paid in kind that the
Borrower is electing to pay in cash. Any Cash Pay Notice provided to the Administrative Agent shall apply only to the First-Out Term
Loan Interest Payment Date specified therein, and not to any subsequent First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date, unless a Cash Pay
Notice is delivered in accordance herewith for such subsequent First-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date. Notwithstanding the forgoing,
upon satisfaction of the Cash Pay Trigger all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the First-Out Term Loans (including if accrued
prior to the occurrence of the Cash Pay Trigger) shall be paid in cash.

(c)With
respect to the Second-Out Term Loans, interest accrued on the Second-Out Term Loans at the Second-Out Term Loan PIK Margin shall be paid
in kind on each Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date or any prepayment thereof) applicable
thereto by capitalizing and adding such amount to (and thereby increasing) the principal amount of the Second-Out Term Loans outstanding
on such Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (it being understood that such interest paid in kind shall be capitalized
on such Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date and when so capitalized shall constitute principal of the Second-Out Term Loans for
all purposes hereunder, including accruing interest and other payments on Second-Out Term Loans) and the remaining interest payable on
such Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date shall be paid in cash; provided, that, with the prior written consent of the Required
Lenders, all accrued interest with respect to the Second-Out Term Loans may be paid in kind on any Second-Out Term Loan
Interest Payment Date (each such consent, which shall be irrevocable as to the applicable Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date
once made, a Second-Out PIK Election). With respect to each Second-Out PIK Election (which may be delivered by the
Required Lenders to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent via email), the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be notified
of such Second-Out PIK Election at least ten Business Days prior to the applicable Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (or such
later date as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and receive the Second-Out PIK Election at least five Business Days prior
to such Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date (or such later date as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Borrower may elect to pay all or a portion of the accrued on the Second-Out Term Loans at the Second-Out Term Loan
PIK Margin in cash (and not in kind) on any Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date by delivering a Cash Pay Notice
to the Administrative Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit K hereto, no later than five (5) Business Days prior
to such Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date. Each Cash Pay Notice shall specify the amount of the interest accrued on the applicable
Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date which was to be paid in kind that the Borrower is electing to pay in cash. Any
Cash Pay Notice provided to the Administrative Agent shall apply only to the Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date specified therein,
and not to any subsequent Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date, unless a Cash Pay Notice is delivered in accordance herewith for
such subsequent Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date.

-52-

(d)If
any amount owed under this Agreement is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest
on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(e)Interest
on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each First-Out Term Loan or Second-Out Term Loan Interest Payment Date applicable
thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms
hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

2.07Fees.
The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for their own respective account fees in the amounts and at the times specified in
the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

2.08Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by the Administrative Agents
prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other
computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or
interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day
on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid,
provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a), bear
interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.

2.09Evidence
of Debt. The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent
in the ordinary course of business. In addition, each Lender may record in such Lenders internal records an appropriate notation
evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from such Lender, each payment and prepayment of principal of any such Loan, and each payment
of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to such Lender. The accounts or records maintained by
the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, of the amount of the Loans made by the Lenders to
the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise
affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict
between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such
matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any
Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent)
a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans (in addition to such Lenders accounts or records). Each Lender may attach
schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect
thereto. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lenders Note and upon
cancellation of such Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal
amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor.

-53-

2.10Payments
Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a)General.
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for
the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in immediately
available funds not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly
distribute to each Lender its share of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office.
All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding
Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on
a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected
in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

(b)(i)Funding
by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to
the proposed date of any Borrowing of Loans that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders
share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance
with Section 2.02 (or in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance
with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may (New York City time), in reliance upon such assumption, make available
to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the Borrowing available to the Administrative
Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding
amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to
the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such
Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative
Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable
to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping
period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.
If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such
Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may
have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Acquiom does
not advance funds to lenders.

-54-

(ii)Payments
by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior
to the time at which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not
make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and
may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made
such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed
to such Lender in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed
to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, Acquiom does not
advance funds to lenders.

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender
or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(c)Failure
to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such
Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower
by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in
accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender)
to such Lender, without interest.

(d)Obligations
of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are
several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any
date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall
be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c).

(e)Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner
or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or
manner.

(f)Insufficient
Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal,
interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees in respect
of the First-Out Term Loan then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled, (ii) second, toward payment of principal
in respect of the First-Out Term Loans then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto, (iii) third, towards
payment of interest and fees in respect of the Second-Out Term Loan then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled and (iv) fourth,
toward payment of principal in respect of the Second-Out Term Loans then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto.

2.11Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect
of (a) Obligations due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable
share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the
aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments
on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all
the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due
and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all
Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Parties at such time) of payment on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable)
to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, then the Lender
receiving such greater proportion shall (x) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (y) purchase (for cash at face
value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of
all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable
to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that:

(i)if
any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such
participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest;
and

-55-

(ii)the
provisions of this Section 2.11 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to
and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment
of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant in accordance with this Agreement.

Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees,
to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements
may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender
were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.

2.12Incremental
Term Loan Commitments.

(a)The
Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request Incremental Term Loan Commitments in an amount
not to exceed the Incremental Term Loan Amount from one or more Incremental Term Lenders, which may include any existing Lender; provided
that each Incremental Term Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent
to the extent such consent would be required for an assignment to such Lender pursuant to Section 11.06(b). Such notice shall
set forth (i) the amount of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments being requested (which shall be in minimum increments of $1.0
million and a minimum amount of $5.0 million or such lesser amount equal to the remaining Incremental Term Loan Amount), (ii) the
date on which such Incremental Term Loan Commitments are requested to become effective, and (iii) whether such Incremental Term
Loan Commitments are commitments to make additional Term Loans or commitments to make term loans with terms different from the Loans
(Other Term Loans).

-56-

(b)The
Borrower and each Incremental Term Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Additional Credit Extension Amendment
and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Incremental Term Loan Commitment of
each Incremental Term Lender. Each Additional Credit Extension Amendment pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall specify the
terms of the Incremental Term Loans, as agreed to and calculated by the Borrower and each Incremental Term Lender, to be made thereunder;
provided that, without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, (i) the final maturity date of any Other Term Loans,
other than Other Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed the Early Maturity Basket, shall be no earlier
than the Maturity Date of the Term Loans, (ii) the weighted average life to maturity of the Other Term Loans, other than Other Term
Loans in an aggregate principal amount outstanding not to exceed the Early Maturity Basket, shall be no shorter than the weighted average
life to maturity of the then already outstanding Term Loans, (iii) any Incremental Term Loans shall rank (A) pari passu
in right of payment to the First-Out Term Loans or the Second-Out Term Loans at the election of the Borrower and (B) with respect
to secured by the Collateral on a pari passu with the First-Out Term Loans or the Second-Out Term Loans at the election of the
Borrower and (iv) the provisions with respect to payment of interest, original issue discount and upfront fees shall be as set forth
in the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment; provided that if the Yield of any Incremental Term Loans exceeds the
Yield of the Term Loans with respect to which such Incremental Term Loans have an equal payment priority with respect to by more than
50 basis points, then the Applicable Margin for such Term Loans having such equivalent payment priority shall be increased to the extent
required so that the Yield of such Term Loans is equal to the Yield of such Incremental Term Loans minus 50 basis points and (v) all
other terms (other than the amortization schedule, which, subject to clauses (i) and (ii) above, shall be determined by Borrower
and the Lenders thereunder) applicable to any Incremental Term Loans shall either (i) be not materially more favorable (taken as
a whole) to the Incremental Term Lenders to the terms applicable to the Term Loans or (ii) reflect market terms at the time of incurrence
as reasonably determined by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall have any obligation to provide any Incremental
Term Loan. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Additional Credit Extension Amendment.
Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Additional Credit Extension Amendment pursuant to this Section 2.12,
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence
and terms of the Incremental Term Loan Commitment and the Incremental Term Loans evidenced thereby.

(c)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall become effective under this Section 2.12 unless (i) on the
date of such effectiveness, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents shall be true in all material respects on such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties
specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, (ii) no Default or
Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing or would result therefrom, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received
(with sufficient copies for each of the Incremental Term Lenders) an officers certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of
the Borrower certifying as to compliance with preceding clauses (i) and (ii), together with (unless otherwise specified in the applicable
Additional Credit Extension Amendment) legal opinions, board resolutions and other closing certificates reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent and consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Section 4.01, (iv) all fees and expenses owing to
the Administrative Agent or the Incremental Term Lenders in connection with such Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall have been paid,
and (v) the Additional Credit Extension Amendment and any other documents entered into in connection therewith shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d)Each
of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may, in consultation with the Borrower, take any and all action as
may be reasonably necessary to ensure that all Incremental Term Loans (other than Other Term Loans), when originally made, are included
in each Borrowing of outstanding Loans on a pro rata basis. This may be accomplished by requiring each outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing
to be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans on the date of each Incremental Term Loan, or by allocating a portion of each Incremental
Term Loan to each outstanding Term Benchmark Loan on a pro rata basis. Any conversion of Term Benchmark Loans to Base Rate Loans required
by the preceding sentence shall be subject to Section 3.05. If any Incremental Term Loan is to be allocated to an existing
Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the interest rate thereon for such Interest Period and the other economic consequences
thereof shall be as set forth in the applicable Additional Credit Extension Amendment. In addition, to the extent any Incremental Term
Loans are not Other Term Loans, the scheduled amortization payments under Section 2.05 required to be made after the making
of such Incremental Term Loans shall be ratably increased by the aggregate principal amount of such Incremental Term Loans.

-57-

2.13[Reserved].

2.14[Reserved].

ARTICLE III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Tax unless required by applicable Law, provided that
if any Loan Party or any other withholding agent shall be required by applicable Law to deduct any Taxes from such payments, then (i) if
such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by the Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the applicable
withholding agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted
to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. For purposes of this Section 3.01, any payments
by the Administrative Agent to a Lender of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent from any Loan Party on behalf of such Lender
shall be treated as a payment from the Loan Party to such Lender.

(b)Payment
of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay
any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.

(c)Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10
days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender,
as the case may be, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own
behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

-58-

(d)Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the applicable Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority, the applicable Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by
such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e)Status
of Foreign Lenders. To the extent it is legally entitled to do so, any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction
of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Loan Party is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to
which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Loan Parties
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Loan Parties
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law as will permit such payments
to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Loan Parties or the
Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Loan Parties
or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject
to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders
such documentation (including any specific documentation required below in this Section 3.01(e) or Section 3.01(f))
obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any material respect, deliver promptly to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other
appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) or promptly
notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is legally unable to do so.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
any Foreign Lender, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign
Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i)duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, claiming eligibility for benefits of an income
tax treaty to which the United States is a party,

(ii)duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,

(iii)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (A) a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1, Exhibit J-2, Exhibit J-3 and Exhibit J-4 (each such certificate,
a U.S. Tax Certificate) and (B) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E,
as applicable,

(iv)to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner of any obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder (for example, where the Foreign
Lender is a partnership or participating Lender granting a typical participation), duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service
Form W-8IMY, accompanied by an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, Internal
Revenue Service Form W-9 or Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY from each beneficial owner, as applicable, or

-59-

(v)two
properly completed and duly signed original copies of any other form prescribed by applicable U.S. federal income tax laws (including
the Treasury Regulations) as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from, or a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax on any payments
to such Lender under the Loan Documents.

(f)Status
of Non-Foreign Lenders. Any Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this
Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax.

(g)FATCA.
If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply
with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code,
as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and
at such time or times reasonably requested by the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent to comply with
their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to
determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (g), FATCA shall
include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(h)Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it
has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the applicable Loan Party or with
respect to which the applicable Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the
Loan Parties an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan
Parties under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of
all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest
(other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the applicable
Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agree to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus
any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender
if the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This subsection shall not
be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to
its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Loan Parties or any other Person.

3.02Illegality.
If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for
any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Term Benchmark Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates
based upon the Term Benchmark, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase
or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the applicable offshore interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower
through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans
to Term Benchmark Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances
giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with
a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans, either
on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day,
or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion,
the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.

-60-

3.03Inability
to Determine Rates.

(a)Subject
to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 3.03, if:

(i)the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) prior to the commencement
of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR
Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period; or

(ii)the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing,
the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or
maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower
and the Lenders as provided in Section 11.02 as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative
Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant
Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Conversion/Continuation Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02
or a new Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, any Conversion/Continuation Notice that
requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Committed Loan Notice
that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Conversion/Continuation Notice or a Committed Loan Notice, as
applicable, for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one
Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan is outstanding on
the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.03(a) with
respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower
and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the
Borrower delivers a new Conversion/Continuation Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02 or a new Committed Loan
Notice in accordance with the terms of Section 2.02, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period
applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute a Base Rate Loan on such day.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement
Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark
Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark
Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of
the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative
Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required
Lenders.

-61-

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of
any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking
any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant
to this Section 3.03.

(e)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for
such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative,
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such
time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is
not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark
Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f)Upon
the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request
for a Term Benchmark Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any
Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request for a Term Benchmark
Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to a Borrowing of Base Rate. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or
at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current
Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. Furthermore, if any
Term Benchmark Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented
pursuant to this Section 3.03, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan
be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute a Base Rate Loan on such day.

-62-

3.04Increased
Costs.

(a)Increased
Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender;

(ii)subject
any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes covered in Section 3.01, or (B) Excluded Taxes) with
respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by it; or

(iii)impose
on any Lender or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Loans made
by such Lender;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost
to such Lender of making or maintaining any Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce
the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon
request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)Capital
Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such
Lenders holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on
such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the
Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company
could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders
holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount
or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c)Certificates
for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding
company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04, in reasonable
detail sufficient to allow the Borrower to verify such calculation, and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

(d)Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not
be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred
or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise
to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change
in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended
to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

-63-

3.05Compensation
for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate
such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense actually incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any
continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest
Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);

(b)any
failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any
Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or

(c)any
assignment of a Term Benchmark Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13;

including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment
of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained, but
excluding loss of anticipated profits. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection
with the foregoing.

For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the
Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Term Benchmark Loan made
by it at the Term SOFR Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the applicable offshore interbank market for a
comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Term Benchmark Loan was in fact so funded.

3.06Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)Designation
of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required
to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01,
or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different
Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts
payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice
pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost
or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b)Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional
amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender
is a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13.

-64-

3.07Survival.
All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and
repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BORROWINGS

4.01Conditions
of Initial Borrowing. The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Lender to make its Term Loan hereunder on the
Closing Date is subject to the prior or substantially concurrent satisfaction or waiver pursuant to Section 11.01 of the
following conditions:

(a)The
Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(i)executed
counterparts of this Agreement, the Perfection Certificate, and the Administrative Agent Fee Letter by each of the parties thereto;

(ii)the
Security Agreement and the Pledge Agreement, each duly executed by each Loan Party party thereto, together with:

(A)the
certificate representing the Pledged Equity referred to in the Pledge Agreement accompanied by an undated stock power executed in blank
or endorsement (to the extent not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent),

(B)UCC
financing statements in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code of all jurisdictions
in which any Loan Party is organized, and

(C)evidence
that all other action that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect the Liens created under the Collateral
Documents has been taken (including receipt of duly executed payoff letters and UCC-3 termination statements);

(iii)such
certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party
as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized
to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or
is to be a party;

(iv)good
standing or active status certificates, as applicable, of each Loan Party in its jurisdiction of organization and, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent, bring-down good standing or active status certificates, as applicable;

(v)an
opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent;

-65-

(vi)a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.01(c) and
(d) have been satisfied;

(vii)a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, after giving effect to the Transaction, the Loan Parties
on a Consolidated basis are Solvent;

(viii)certificates
of insurance naming the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, as an additional insured or loss payee, as the case may be, under
all insurance policies maintained with respect to the assets and properties of the Loan Parties that constitute Collateral as may be
requested by the Administrative Agent;

(ix)a
copy of the ABL Credit Agreement executed by the parties thereto;

(x)executed
counterparts of the Intercreditor Agreement from each of the parties thereto;

(xi)results
of searches or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (in each case dated as of a date reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent) indicating the absence of Liens on the assets of the Loan Parties, except for Permitted Liens and Liens for
which termination statements and releases or subordination agreements are being tendered on the Closing Date; and

(xii)duly
executed payoff letters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, confirming that the (i) Existing DIP Facility, (ii) ABL
DIP Facility, and (iii) Existing Term Loan Facility have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date is being, terminated and all
Liens securing obligations thereunder have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date are being released; and

(xiii)such
other certificates, documents, consents or opinion as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require.

(b)Evidence
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the ABL DIP Facility, Existing DIP Facility, and Existing Term Loan Facility have been,
or concurrently with the Closing Date is being, terminated and all Liens securing obligations thereunder have been, or concurrently with
the Closing Date are being, released.

(c)The
representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, except
to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct
as of such earlier date.

(d)No
Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Term Loan or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(e)The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof.

(f)The
Lenders shall have received, to the extent requested, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.

-66-

(g)(i) The
Plan of Reorganization shall have been confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the Confirmation Order; and (ii) all conditions
precedent to the effectiveness of the Plan of Reorganization shall have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with the terms of the
Plan of Reorganization).

Without limiting the generality of the provisions
of Section 9.07, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each
Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document
or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

4.02Conditions
of All Borrowings. The obligations of the Lenders to make any Loans
after the Closing Date are subject to the prior or substantially concurrent satisfaction or waiver
pursuant to Section 11.01 of the following conditions:

(a)The
Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(b) and
(c) have been satisfied;

(b)The
representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be true and correct on and as of the date of Borrowing,
except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true
and correct as of such earlier date.

(c)No
Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Term Loan or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(d)The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions
of Section 9.07, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.02, each
Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document
or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the Closing Date that:

5.01Existence,
Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and,
as applicable, in good standing or of active status under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has
all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own
or lease its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted or proposed to be conducted, and (ii) execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable,
in good standing or of active status under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the
conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the
extent that failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule
5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the Closing Date, each Loan Partys name as it appears in official filings in its state
of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued
by its state of incorporation or organization and its Federal employer identification number.

-67-

5.02Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is
to be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene
the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or
the creation of (or the requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation
or Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of the Subsidiaries
or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property
is subject; or (c) violate any applicable Law, except in the case of clause (b) or (c), to the extent that such conflict, breach,
contravention or violation could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.03Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing
with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance
by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the ABL Loan Documents, except for (a) filings
necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (b) the approvals,
consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full
force and effect (except to the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the
Collateral Documents) and (c) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure
of which to obtain or make would not reasonable be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

5.04Binding
Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each
Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles
of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

5.05Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect; No Internal Control Event.

(a)The
Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby,
except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower
and the Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein.

-68-

(b)Since
December 24, 2024, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)The
Consolidated forecasted balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 4.01
or Section 6.01, when taken as a whole, were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which
assumptions were reasonable in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time
of delivery, a reasonable estimate of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries future financial condition and performance (it being
understood that (i) no forecasts are to be viewed as facts, (ii) any forecasts are subject to significant uncertainties and
contingencies, (iii) no assurance can be given that any particular forecasts will be realized and (iv) actual results may differ
and such differences may be material).

5.06Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties threatened (in writing)
at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or against
any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (b) would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.07Ownership
of Property; Liens; Investments.

(a)Each
Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries has good record, marketable and insurable title in fee simple to all owned Real Estate necessary
or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title to,
or valid leasehold interests in, all personal property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects
in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Mortgage encumbers
improved owned Real Estate that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an
area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance has been obtained
in accordance with Section 6.07(b).

(b)The
properties and assets of each Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries are subject to no Liens, other than (i) with respect to Mortgaged
Property, Permitted Encumbrances and (ii) with respect to all other properties and assets, Permitted Liens.

(c)Schedule
5.07(c) sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the Closing Date of all Real Estate owned by each Loan Party and each
of the Subsidiaries showing the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, record owner and book and estimated fair
value thereof.

(d)(i)Schedule
5.07(d)(i) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Leases under which any Loan Party is the lessee, as of the Closing
Date showing the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor, lessee and expiration date.

-69-

(ii)Schedule
5.07(d)(ii) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all leases of Real Estate under which any Loan Party is the lessor as
of the Closing Date showing the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor, lessee, expiration date and annual
rental cost thereof.

(iii)Schedule
5.07(e) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Investments held by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party
on the date hereof, showing as of the date hereof the amount, obligor or issuer and maturity, if any, thereof.

5.08Environmental
Matters.

(a)Neither
any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any
Environmental Permit, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect
to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, except, in each case, as could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the properties currently or, to the knowledge
of the Loan Parties, formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is listed or, to the knowledge of the Loan
Parties, proposed for listing on the NPL or on the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list or is adjacent to any such property;
(ii) none of the properties to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, transported or arranged for the
transportation of any Hazardous Materials, is listed or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, proposed for listing on the NPL or on
the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list; (iii) there are no and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, never have
been any underground or above-ground storage tanks or any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous
Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed on any property currently owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, on any property formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary; (iv) there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary; and (v) Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or, to
the knowledge of the Loan Parties, formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary.

(c)(i) 
Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other potentially
responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened Release, discharge
or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental
Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
and (ii) all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled, stored, or transported by, or on behalf of, any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary have been disposed of in a manner which would not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.09Taxes.
The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all material Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Taxes
levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable and have satisfied all of their Tax withholding
obligations, except (i) Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which
adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation
and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation and (ii) any Tax return, report or Taxes, the failure to file or to pay,
as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no
proposed Tax deficiency or assessment known to any Loan Party against the Loan Party or any Subsidiary that would, if made, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has made adequate provisions in accordance with GAAP for all
Taxes not yet due and payable.

-70-

5.10ERISA
Compliance.

(a)Except
as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Plan is in compliance with its terms and the
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, (ii) each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code
has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS
with respect thereto and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to prevent, or cause
the loss of, such qualification, and (iii) Holdings, the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions
to each Pension Plan, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412
of the Code has been made with respect to any Pension Plan.

(b)There
are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the normal course), actions
or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no nonexempt prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406
of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code) or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules by Holdings or the Borrower with
respect to any Plan that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(c)Except
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) no ERISA Event
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability as of the most recent valuation
date for such Pension Plan; (iii) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur,
any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA); (iv) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability
(and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201
or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (v) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has engaged
in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

(d)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Foreign Plan has been maintained in compliance
with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained,
where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities; (ii) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary have
incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of or withdrawal from any Foreign Plan; and (iii) the present value of
the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Foreign Plan which is funded, determined as of the end of the most
recently ended Fiscal Year of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (based on the actuarial assumptions used for purposes of the applicable
jurisdictions financial reporting requirements), did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Foreign Plan (and for
each Foreign Plan which is not funded, the obligations of such Foreign Plan are properly accrued).

-71-

5.11Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests; Loan Parties. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed
in Part (a) of Schedule 5.11, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued,
are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.11
free and clear of all Liens except those created under the Collateral Documents and the ABL Loan Documents and the Swedish Credit Facility
and any nonconsensual Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party has any equity investments
in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.11.

5.12Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a)None
of the proceeds of the Loans shall be used in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulations T, U or X of the FRB.

(b)None
of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

5.13Disclosure.
No written report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Loan Parties to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder
or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains
any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to (i) projected financial information,
financial estimates, forecasts or other forward-looking information the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared
in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (ii) such information shall not include information of
a general economic or general industry nature.

5.14Compliance
with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws
and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such
requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

5.15Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the Intellectual Property
that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, except as would not individually or in the aggregate
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and Schedule 5.15 (as supplemented by any Perfection Certificate Supplements
delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(e)) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all such Intellectual Property owned by each Loan
Party and each of its Subsidiaries which are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright
Office. To the knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising or other material or patent, trademark or copyright now employed
by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries infringes upon any Intellectual Property right held by any other Person, except to the extent
that any such infringement could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.15, no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan
Parties, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

-72-

5.16Solvency.
As of the Closing Date, on a Consolidated basis, after giving effect to the Transaction, the Loan Parties are Solvent.

5.17Casualty,
Etc. Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of the Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion,
accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other
casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

5.18Labor
Matters. There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge
of any Loan Party, threatened that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower and Holdings, (i) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties
comply in all material respects with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing
with such matters, (ii) no Loan Party has incurred any material liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Act or similar state Law and (iii) all payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party,
on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in all material
respects in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party. There are no representation proceedings pending or,
to any Loan Partys knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group
of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition except those that could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices
charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed
with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or
termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party except those that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

5.19Collateral
Documents. The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable First Priority Lien or Second Priority Lien, as applicable (subject to Permitted Liens),
on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein, and (i) when all appropriate
filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Law and (ii) upon the taking of possession
or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or
control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Collateral Document), such
Collateral Document will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties
in such Collateral. Prior to the satisfaction of the Discharge of ABL Obligations, the representations made in this Section 5.19
with respect to possession or control of any Collateral on which there is a Second Priority Lien by the Collateral Agent shall be
deemed to refer to the possession or control of such Collateral by the collateral agent for the ABL Facility (holding for the benefit
of the Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties).

5.20USA
PATRIOT Act. To the extent applicable, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the
Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31
CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) the USA PATRIOT
Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee,
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order
to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended.

-73-

5.21Plan
Assets. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning
of the Plan Asset Regulations).

ARTICLE VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment
hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than any indemnity obligation for unasserted
claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement), the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the cases of the covenants
set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to:

6.01Financial
Statements and Other Reports. Deliver to the Administrative Agent:

(a)as
soon as available, but in any event within (i) 135 days after the end of the first Fiscal Year of Holdings ending after the Closing
Date, and (ii) 105 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings thereafter, a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders
equity (if available) and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous
Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Ernst &
Young LLP or another Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to
any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (it
being agreed that an explanatory or emphasis of matter paragraph does not constitute a qualification or exception) (provided that such
report may contain a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the
audit, if such qualification or exception arises solely with respect to, results from or arises on account of (i) an upcoming maturity
date hereunder or under any other Indebtedness incurred in compliance with this Agreement or (ii) any potential or actual inability
to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant included in this Agreement or any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries);

(b)as
soon as available, but in any event within 50 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of Holdings
(commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 28, 2024), a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as
at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter
and for the portion of Holdings Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding
Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year and to the figures as set forth
in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c), all in reasonable detail, certified by a Responsible Officer on
behalf of Holdings as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders
equity and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments, including,
but not limited to, purchase accounting adjustments, and the absence of footnotes;

-74-

(c)as
soon as available, but in any event no later than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings (commencing with the Fiscal Year
ending March 29, 2025), an annual budget of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the following Fiscal Year,
as customarily prepared by management of the Loan Parties for its internal use of Holdings and its Subsidiaries;

(d)simultaneously
with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and Section 6.01(b) above,
the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of variable interest entities
(if any) from such financial statements and a management narrative report providing reasonable detail on the financial results of Holdings
for the period covered by such financial statements compared to the corresponding prior year period and the key factors (as determined
in good faith by the Borrower) causing such changes;

(e)as
soon as available, but in any event within 40 days after the end of each of the Fiscal Months of each Fiscal Year of Holdings (commencing
with fiscal month ending in February 2025) (and except with respect to (i) the last Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Quarter of
Holdings, with respect to which the applicable period for delivery shall be 50 days rather than 40 days, and (ii) the last Fiscal
Month of each Fiscal Year of Holdings, with respect to which the applicable period for delivery shall be 105 days rather than 40 days,
and (iii) the first Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year of Holdings, with respect to which the applicable period for delivery shall
be 70 days rather than 40 days), a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month, and
the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Month and for the portion of Holdings
Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form for the corresponding month of the previous Fiscal Year and the
corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, and to the figures as set forth in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c),
all in reasonable detail and duly certified by a Responsible Officer on behalf of Holdings as fairly presenting in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance
with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end and quarterly adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(f)KPIs.
No later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day of each calendar month, a report showing the following
key performance indicators: (i) Total TCS Sales $ vs. Last Year, (ii) B&M Sales to Traffic Gap to Last Year, (iii) B&M
Conversion Percentage and (iv) B&M NPS Score; and

(g)Minimum
Liquidity. No later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day of each calendar month, a report showing
the Liquidity of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of the last Business Day of such prior calendar month.

6.02Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent:

(a)concurrently
with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (commencing with the financial
statements for the period ending March 31, 2025), (i) a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of Holdings and (ii) notice of any change in the location of any office in which a Loan Party maintains books or records relating
to Collateral owned by it or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment of any such
new office or facility);

(b)promptly
after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which
Holdings or the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent
pursuant hereto;

-75-

(c)not
later than seven (7) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests
and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) so received under or pursuant to any instrument, indenture,
loan or credit or similar agreement regarding or related to any breach or default by any party thereto or any other event that, in each
case, could have a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)promptly
after any Loan Party has knowledge thereof, written notice of (i) any action or proceeding relating to any Environmental Law pending
or threatened against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any noncompliance with any Environmental Law by any Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) the existence of any Environmental Liability, or (iv) the existence of any Release of Hazardous
Materials at any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, which action,
proceeding, non-compliance, Environmental Liability or Release could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (y) cause
any property described in the Mortgages to be subject to any material restrictions on ownership, occupancy, use or transferability under
any Environmental Law;

(e)as
soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, to the extent that it
would reflect information not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, (i) a report supplementing Schedules 5.07(c),
5.07(d)(i) and 5.07(d)(ii), including an identification of all real property disposed of by any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary thereof and all leased real property disposed of by any Loan Party or any Domestic Subsidiary during such Fiscal Year, a list
and description (including the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, record owner, book value thereof and, in
the case of leases of property, lessor, lessee, expiration date and annual rental cost thereof) of all Real Estate acquired or leased
during such Fiscal Year and a description of such other changes in the information included in such Schedules as may be necessary for
such Schedules to be accurate and complete, and (ii) a report supplementing Schedules 5.07(e), 5.11 and 5.15
containing a description of all changes in the information included in such Schedules as may be necessary for such Schedules to be accurate
and complete, each such report to be signed by a Responsible Officer of Holdings and to be in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Required
Lenders and (iii) a duly completed Perfection Certificate Supplement;

(f)at
least five (5) Business Days prior written notice (or such shorter period as to which the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion
agrees) of any change in (i) any Loan Partys name, (ii) any Loan Partys organizational structure or jurisdiction
of incorporation or formation or (iii) any Loan Partys Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification
number assigned to it by its state of organization;

(g)promptly
after the request by any Lender, all documentation and other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with
its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including
the USA PATRIOT Act;

(h)upon
request of the Required Lenders copies of: (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500
Series) filed by any ERISA Affiliate with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Pension Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial
valuation report for each Pension Plan; and (iii) all notices received by any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor
or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and

-76-

(i)promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof,
or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Required Lenders may from time to time reasonably request.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or
(b) or Section 6.02(b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with
the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the
Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed
on Schedule 11.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website,
if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored
by the Administrative Agent); provided that (i) upon request, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to
the Administrative Agent, and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the
posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies)
of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred
to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and
each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the
Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder
(collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic
system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e.,
Lenders that do not wish to receive material nonpublic information with respect to the Borrower or its securities) (each, a Public
Lender). The Borrower hereby agrees that at any time that the Borrower is the issuer of any outstanding debt or equity securities
that are registered or issued pursuant to a private offering or is actively contemplating issuing any such securities it will use commercially
reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (w) all
such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word
PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC,
the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing
any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for
purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials
constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC
are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor; and (z) the Administrative
Agent be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion
of the Platform not designated Public Investor.

6.03Notices.
Promptly, after knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer, notify the Administrative Agent, who shall promptly notify the Lenders:

(a)of
the occurrence of any Default;

(b)of
any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including as a result of (i) breach
or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; (ii) any dispute,
litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof and any Governmental Authority;
or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; and

-77-

(c)of
the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall
be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and
stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.

6.04Payment
of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable (a) all Taxes upon it or its properties or assets in
all respects, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP are being maintained by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary and such contest effectively suspends the collection
of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation; except for Taxes that could not reasonably be expected
to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) all material lawful claims which, if unpaid, would
by law become a Lien upon its property (except as set forth in clause (a) above).

6.05Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws
of the jurisdiction of its organization, except for (i) transactions permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and (ii) with
respect to the maintenance of good standing status of any Loan Party, it will not be a breach of clause (a) of this Section 6.05
unless the failure to maintain good standing of such Loan Party could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) take
all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct
of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve
or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation or non-renewal of which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.06Maintenance
of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its
business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, casualty or condemnation excepted; and (b) make all necessary
repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except, in each case, where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.07Maintenance
of Insurance. Subject to Section 6.18(b):

(a)Maintain
with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties, insurance with respect to its properties
and business against loss or damage (i) of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business,
of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons or (ii) substantially
similar to insurance maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, in each case, subject to such changes as the
Borrower may reasonably deem appropriate in its business judgment with respect to deductibles, self-insured amounts, coverage exclusions
and maximum covered losses (provided that none of such policies shall include a co-insurance clause), and with respect to policies
for Holdings and the Domestic Subsidiaries, providing for not less than 30 days prior notice (10 days prior notice in the
case of cancellation for nonpayment) to the Administrative Agent of termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance.

-78-

(b)With
respect to each improved Real Estate subject to a Mortgage, obtain flood insurance with coverages and in amounts sufficient to comply
with the Flood Insurance Laws and, in any event, in an amount not less than $5.0 million for Zone A special flood hazard areas
and $10.0 million for all other special flood hazard areas, in each case, as set forth on any Flood Insurance Rate Map
published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), otherwise comply with all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Fire
and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) a
mortgage clause (regarding improvements to Real Estate) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form
and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds
otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent, and (ii) such other provisions as the
Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Secured Parties. Commercial general liability
policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies with respect to Holdings
and the Domestic Subsidiaries shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (i) a
provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies
directly to the Collateral Agent, and (ii) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time
to protect the interests of the Secured Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07 shall also provide that
it shall not be canceled or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days
prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent the right to cure defaults in the payment
of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the
insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification adverse
to the Lenders, or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal
of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent of payment of the premium therefor.

(d)In
the event that any part of the Collateral (other than, as long as the ABL Facility is outstanding, ABL Priority Collateral) is damaged
by fire or other casualty and the insurance proceeds for such damage are greater than $5.0 million in any Fiscal Year, such proceeds,
in their entirety, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly apply such proceeds in
accordance with Section 2.03(b) or 8.03, as applicable. In the event any part of the Collateral (other than,
as long as the ABL Facility is outstanding, ABL Priority Collateral) is damaged by fire or other casualty and the insurance proceeds
for such damage are less than $5.0 million in any Fiscal Year, such proceeds, in their entirety, shall be delivered to the Borrower.

(e)None
of the Secured Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required
to be maintained under this Section 6.07. Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties
other than the Secured Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation
against any Secured Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights
against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of
recovery, if any, against the Secured Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance
coverage by any Secured Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by
such Secured Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties.

-79-

6.08Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable
to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or
decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have
been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.09Books
and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries in conformity in all material respects with GAAP under U.S.
law, with respect to Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries, and under applicable foreign law, with respect to Foreign Subsidiaries (provided
that nothing in this Section 6.09 shall affect the obligation of Holdings to provide financial statements in accordance
with GAAP under Section 6.01), consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the
assets and business of the Loan Parties.

6.10Inspection
Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent (accompanied by any Lender (with the consent of
the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld)) to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial, insurance,
and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors,
officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), all at such reasonable
times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided,
however, that unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may make only one such visit
in any Fiscal Year at the Borrowers expense, provided further that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent
(or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during
normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice to the extent practicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 6.10, none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination
or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (a) constitutes non-financial
trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
(or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (c) is subject to attorney-client
or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product.

6.11Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of (a) the Loans made on the Closing Date solely to refinance all Indebtedness under the Borrowers
Existing DIP Facility and (b) the Incremental Term Loans only for the purposes specified in the applicable Additional Credit Extension
Amendment.

6.12Covenant
to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security.

(a)Upon
the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Subsidiary (other than any (i) any CFC, (ii) any Subsidiary owned
directly or indirectly by a CFC or (iii) any Domestic Subsidiary if substantially all of the assets of such Domestic Subsidiary
consist of Equity Interests in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs) by any Loan Party, then the Borrower shall, at the Borrowers
expense, within the time period specified below unless the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion consents to an extension thereof:

(i)within
45 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if
it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a counterpart to this Agreement, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, guaranteeing the other Loan Parties obligations under the Loan Documents,

-80-

(ii)within
45 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has
not already done so) to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent supplements to the Collateral Documents and other security
and pledge agreements covering the personal property of such Subsidiaries, as specified by and in form and substance satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent (including delivery of all Pledged Debt and Pledged Equity in and of such Subsidiary, and other instruments
of the type specified in Section 4.01(a)(ii)), securing payment of all the Obligations of such Subsidiary or such parent,
as the case may be, under the Loan Documents and constituting Liens on all such personal properties,

(iii)within
45 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has
not already done so) to take whatever action (including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, the giving of notices
and the endorsement of notices on title documents) may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in
the Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on the personal
properties purported to be subject to Collateral Documents, as applicable, and the security and pledge agreements delivered pursuant
to this Section 6.12, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, and

(iv)within
45 days after such formation or acquisition, deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon the request of the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel
for the Loan Parties acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the matters contained in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above,
and as to such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(b)Subject
to the Intercreditor Agreement, promptly grant to the Collateral Agent, within 30 days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest
in and Mortgages on each parcel of Real Estate owned in fee by such Loan Party as is acquired by such Loan Party after the Closing Date
and that, together with any improvements thereon, individually has a fair market value of at least $5.0 million as additional security
for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third-party to the extent permitted by Section 7.01).
Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable
to the Administrative Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such
places as are required by law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted
pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Loan Party
shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage
against such after-acquired Real Estate (including (i) fully paid American Land Title Association Lenders Extended Coverage
title insurance policies or applicable state title policy in form and substance, with endorsements and in amounts acceptable to the Administrative
Agent, issued by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insuring the Mortgages to be valid and subsisting
Liens on the property described therein, free and clear of all defects (including, but not limited to, mechanics and materialmens
Liens) and encumbrances, excepting only Permitted Encumbrances and other Liens permitted under the Loan Documents, and providing for
such other affirmative insurance (including endorsements for future advances under the Loan Documents, for mechanics and materialmens
Liens and for zoning of the applicable property) and as the Administrative Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable (a Mortgage
Policy), (ii) a Survey, (iii) the Flood Documentation and (iv) a local counsel opinion (in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) in respect of such Mortgage).

-81-

(c)Concurrently
with the guarantee by any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of any obligations under the ABL Loan Documents,
cause such direct or indirect Subsidiary to guarantee the Obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and otherwise comply with the requirements
of this Section 6.12.

(d)At
any time upon request of the Required Lenders, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all
such other action as the Required Lenders may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in obtaining the full benefits of, or (as applicable)
in perfecting and preserving the Liens of, such guaranties, deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages, leasehold mortgages,
leasehold deeds of trust, supplements to the Collateral Documents and other security and pledge agreements.

(e)Subject
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and prior to the satisfaction of the Discharge of ABL Obligations, with respect to any obligation
under this Section 6.12 or any Collateral Document to deliver possession or control of any Collateral on which there is a
Second Priority Lien by the Collateral Agent, such obligation shall be deemed satisfied by the delivery of possession or control of such
Collateral to the collateral agent for the ABL Facility (holding for the benefit of the Collateral Agent for the Secured
Parties).

6.13Further
Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any
material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any
of the foregoing, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and
all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative
Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, subject any Loan Partys or any of the Subsidiaries properties, assets,
rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain
the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and
(iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights
granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed
in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of the Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of the
Subsidiaries to do so.

6.14Lenders
Meetings. The Borrower will, upon the request of the Required Lenders, participate in a meeting of the Lenders once during each Fiscal
Year to be held, at the request of the Required Lenders, by teleconference or at the Borrowers corporate offices (or at such other
location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Required
Lenders.

-82-

6.15Designation
as Senior Debt. Designate all Obligations as Designated Senior Indebtedness (or any similar term) under, and defined
in, any Subordinated Indebtedness of any Loan Party which contains such designations.

6.16Ratings.
Use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of the First-Out Term Loans and the Second-Out Term Loans and the Borrowers
corporate credit to be rated (and then to continue to be rated) by S&P and Moodys within 30 days of the Closing Date; provided
that no particular ratings shall be required.

6.17[Reserved.]

6.18Post-Closing
Matters.

(a)Within
seven (7) days after the Closing Date (or such later date to be agreed by the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent the certificates representing the Pledged Equity referred to in the Pledge Agreement accompanied by undated
stock powers executed in blank and instruments evidencing the Pledged Debt indorsed in blank or with other appropriate instruments of
transfer (to the extent not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent).

(b)Within
thirty (30) days after the Closing Date (or such later date to be agreed by the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall deliver to
the Administrative Agent the insurance endorsements as required under Section 6.07 and the Security Agreement (to the extent
not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent).

(c)Within
thirty (30) days after the Closing Date (or such later date to be agreed by the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall deliver to
the Administrative Agent executed counterparts of the Swedish Pledge Agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, by the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, as well as related documents reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent.

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment
hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than (i) any indemnity obligation for
unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement and (ii) Obligations under Other Liabilities), the
Borrower shall not, (and with respect to Section 7.13 only, Holdings shall not), nor shall the Borrower permit any Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly:

7.01Liens.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, other than the following Liens (Liens described below are
herein referred to as Permitted Liens):

(a)Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens
existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the
property covered thereby is not changed in any material manner, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except
as contemplated by Section 7.02(f), (iii) the direct and contingent obligors with respect thereto are not changed (other
than to decrease the number of obligors), and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted
by Section 7.02(f);

-83-

(c)Liens
for taxes not yet due or which are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

(d)carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of
business which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or which are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

(e)(i) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social
security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing
liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees
for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries;

(f)deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety
and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g)easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting Real Estate which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable
Person;

(h)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(i)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02(h); provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber
any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost
of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition, and (iii) such Lien and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred
contemporaneously with or within two hundred seventy (270) days after the acquisition of such property;

(j)Liens
securing the ABL Facility having the priority set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement;

(k)landlords
and lessors Liens in respect of rent and other lease obligations that are not past due for a period of 60 days or more or that
are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

(l)possessory
Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments, provided that
such Liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising
in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing;

(m)Liens
arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, ordinary course Liens in favor of
securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds
maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries;

-84-

(n)Liens
arising from precautionary UCC filings regarding true operating leases or the consignment of goods to a Loan Party;

(o)Liens
in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with
the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than sixty (60) days, or (ii) that are the
subject of a Permitted Protest;

(p)Liens
on specific existing assets and proceeds thereof of a Person acquired following the Closing Date in existence on the date such Person
became a Subsidiary; provided that such Liens were not created in anticipation of the transaction pursuant to which such Person
became a Subsidiary;

(q)licenses
of Intellectual Property permitted under Section 7.05(g) hereof;

(r)Liens
on the assets of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties securing Indebtedness or other obligations of such Subsidiaries that are not
Loan Parties Subsidiaries permitted by Section 7.02;

(s)Liens
on the Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(b);

(t)other
Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors outstanding in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $52.5 million and (y) 105% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA;

(u)leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or (ii) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries or (iii) secure any Indebtedness;

(v)Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or
purchase agreement permitted hereunder;

(w)ground
leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located;

(x)Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; and

(y)Liens
on the Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(l).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document: (A) any Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party incurred
after the Closing Date owed to Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations
and (B) no Commitments shall be issued and no Loans hereunder may be borrowed if the purpose of such issuance or borrowing is to
cause Lenders who do not constitute Required Lenders to constitute Required Lenders following such issuance or borrowing.

-85-

7.02Indebtedness.
Create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist or otherwise become liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except (Indebtedness described
below is herein referred to as Permitted Indebtedness):

(a)obligations
(contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that
such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating
risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates or otherwise to mitigate risks associated with its assets
or liabilities or business operations;

(b)[Reserved];

(c)(i) 
Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Borrower owed to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (ii) Indebtedness
of the Borrower owed to any Subsidiaries of the Borrower, in each case, which Indebtedness shall (A) in the case of Indebtedness
owed to a Loan Party, constitute Pledged Debt under the Security Agreement, (B) be on terms (including subordination
terms, if owed by a Loan Party) acceptable to the Required Lenders and (C) be otherwise permitted under the provisions of Section 7.03;

(d)Indebtedness
under the Loan Documents;

(e)Indebtedness
of the Loan Parties under the ABL Facility and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including Guarantees of any
Guarantor in respect of such Indebtedness) in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $140.0 million;

(f)Indebtedness
outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(g)Guarantees
of the Borrower or any Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(h)Indebtedness
in respect of Capital Lease Obligations, Synthetic Lease Obligations, and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within
the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(i) and Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided,
however, that the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed the greater
of (x) $50.0 million and (y) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA;

(i)Permitted
Holdco Debt;

(j)Indebtedness
of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower after the date hereof in accordance with the terms of Section 7.03(h),
which Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than Indebtedness incurred solely
in contemplation of such Persons becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower) and Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(k)[Reserved];

-86-

(l)additional
Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater
of (x) $52.5 million and (y) 105% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA at any time outstanding;

(m)Indebtedness
of Foreign Subsidiaries under the Swedish Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the
U.S. dollar equivalent (as reasonably determined by the Required Lenders) the greater of (x) $100 million and (y) 200% of Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA outstanding at any time; and

(n)other
Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including any Foreign Subsidiaries) in an aggregate principal amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed the greater of (x) $20.0 million and (y) 40% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA outstanding at any time.

For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated
restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a non-U.S.
currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred; provided
that, if such Indebtedness is incurred to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness denominated in
a foreign currency, and such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated
restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension, replacement,
refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so
long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being extended,
replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased.

7.03Investments.
Make or hold any Investments, except:

(a)Investments
held by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in the form of Cash Equivalents;

(b)Investments
consisting of loans and advances to officers, directors and employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) and its
Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of capital stock of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) and for travel, entertainment,
relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2.5 million at any time outstanding;

(c)(i) Investments
outstanding on the Closing Date by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries, (ii) additional Investments by
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties at the time of the making of such Investment, (iii) additional
Investments by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Loan Parties (including Foreign Subsidiaries) in other Subsidiaries that are
not Loan Parties ((including Foreign Subsidiaries), and (iv) so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise
therefrom, additional Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate amount when taken together
with all purchases and acquisitions referred to in Section 7.03(h)(ii), during the term of this Agreement not to exceed (A) the
greater of (x) $35.0 million and (y) 50% of total Consolidated assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of
the most recently completed Measurement Period (net of any cash return of principal or capital on any such Investment, purchases or acquisitions
made pursuant to this Section 7.03(c)(iv) or Section 7.03(h)(ii) or Section 7.03(l) to
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor that is not applied pursuant to the parenthetical phrase in Section 7.03(h)(ii)(y) or
Section 7.03(l)(x)) plus (B) an amount equal to the amount of cash distributions to the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor
following the Closing Date from the Foreign Subsidiaries that has not been redistributed to any Foreign Subsidiary;

-87-

(d)Investments
consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account
debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(e)Guarantees
permitted by Section 7.02;

(f)Investments
existing on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 5.07(e) and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or
extension of any of the foregoing that does not increase the amount thereof;

(g)Investments
in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.02(a);

(h)the
purchase or other acquisition of all of the Equity Interests in, or all or substantially all of the property, or assets comprising a
business unit, of, any Person; provided that, with respect to each purchase or other acquisition made pursuant to this Section 7.03(h) (each
such purchase or acquisition, a Permitted Acquisition):

(i)any
such newly-created or acquired Subsidiary as a result of any such transaction shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.12;

(ii)any
such purchase or other acquisition that, upon the consummation thereof, does not result in the assets or property so purchased or acquired
being wholly-owned directly by the Borrower or one or more Subsidiary Guarantors or, in the case of any acquisition of Equity Interests
that does not result in the Person(s) so acquired becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor(s), in each case, within 45 days after such purchase
or acquisition shall not exceed, together with all such other purchases or other acquisitions and all Investments referred to in Section 7.03(c), the
greater of (x) $35.0 million and (y) 50% of total Consolidated assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of
the most recently completed Measurement Period (net of any cash return of principal on capital on any acquisition, purchase or Investment
made pursuant to this Section 7.03(h)(ii) or Section 7.03(c)(iv) or Section 7.03(l) to
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor that is not applied pursuant to the parenthetical phrase in Section 7.03(c)(iv)(A) or
7.03(l)(x));

(iii)[reserved];

(iv)immediately
before and immediately after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; and

-88-

(v)the
Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date on which any such purchase or other acquisition is
to be consummated, a certificate of a Responsible Officer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
certifying that all of the requirements set forth in this clause (h) have been satisfied or will be satisfied on or prior to the
consummation of such purchase or other acquisition (other than the requirements of clause (i), which will be satisfied as required by
Section 6.12);

(i)Investments
resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
in an amount not to exceed the amount necessary to permit Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) to pay (i) so long
as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time thereof or would result therefrom, reasonable and customary
corporate and out-of-pocket operating expenses actually payable to persons that are not Affiliates relating to maintaining its ownership
interest in the Borrower (including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for legal, administrative and accounting services provided by third
parties, and compensation, benefits and other amounts payable to officers and employees in connection with their employment in the ordinary
course of business and to board of director observers), (ii) franchise fees or similar Taxes and fees required to maintain its corporate
existence, (iii) any income Taxes imposed on Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) as the common parent of a consolidated,
combined or similar Tax group of which the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are members, up to an amount not to exceed the lesser of
(A) the amount of any such income Taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company
(or a stand-alone Tax group) basis (reduced by any income Taxes paid directly by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries) and (B) the actual
consolidated income tax liability of the consolidated, combined or similar Tax group of which Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent
thereof) is the common parent, and (iv) all costs or fees incurred in compliance with or in anticipation of compliance with Securities
Laws and state securities Laws;

(j)promissory
notes and other non-cash consideration that is permitted to be received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05;

(k)any
Investments made with the proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower from the substantially concurrent issuance of new Equity
Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) issued by Holdings and not used for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement;

(l)without
duplication of any other Investments permitted hereunder, other Investments by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries not exceeding
(x) the greater of (A) $50.0 million and (B) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in any Fiscal Year (with the unused
portion of such scheduled amount available for use in any succeeding Fiscal Year), net of any cash return to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
of principal or capital of any such Investment or (y) the greater of (A) $50.0 million and (B) 100% of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA in the aggregate (net of any cash return of principal or capital of any Investment, purchase or acquisition made pursuant to this
Section 7.03(l) or Section 7.03(c)(iv) or 7.03(h)(ii) to the Borrower or a Subsidiary
Guarantor that is not applied pursuant to the parenthetical phrase in Section 7.03(c)(iv)(y) or 7.03(h)(ii));

(m)so
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of any such Investment, Investments
in an amount not to exceed the Available Amount;

(n)Investments
to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect
parent thereof);

-89-

(o)Investments
held by a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged into the Borrower or merged or consolidated with a Subsidiary
in accordance with Section 7.04 after the Closing Date (other than existing Investments in subsidiaries of such Subsidiary
or Person, which must comply with the requirements of Sections 7.02(h) or (l)) to the extent that such Investments
were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of
such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

(p)Guarantees
by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(q)Investments
of any Loan Party at the time of and immediately after the incurrence of such Investment, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Leverage
Ratio for the Measurement Period most recently ended prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness is no greater than 2.00 to 1.00;

7.04Fundamental
Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series
of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except
that:

(a)any
Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge with (i) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving
Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, provided that when any Loan Party is merging with another Subsidiary
that is not a Loan Party, such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person;

(b)any
Subsidiary (other than the Borrower) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise)
to the Borrower or to another Loan Party (other than Holdings);

(c)any
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (i) may dispose of all or substantially all its assets (including any Disposition that is in
the nature of a liquidation) to (A) another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (B) to a Loan Party (other than Holdings),
or (ii) may be dissolved, with its assets (if any) being transferred in accordance with clause (i) hereof;

(d)in
connection with any acquisition permitted under Section 7.03, any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into or consolidate
with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided that (i) the Person surviving
such merger shall be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) in the case of any such merger to which any Loan Party (other
than the Borrower) is a party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person and (iii) in the case of any merger involving the Borrower,
the Borrower is the surviving Person;

(e)any
Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 may be structured as a sale of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of
a Subsidiary;

(f)any
Subsidiary which has no assets to distribute to its equity holders may be dissolved or liquidated; and

(g)any
Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary may be dissolved or liquidated, including through an insolvency, bankruptcy or equivalent
proceeding.

-90-

7.05Dispositions.
Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a)Dispositions
of obsolete or worn out property, or property (including Intellectual Property) that is no longer used or useful in the business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in each case, in the ordinary course of business (it being understood
that this clause (a) does not include the liquidation of any Store or the inventory and other assets located therein);

(b)Dispositions
of inventory and goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business;

(c)Dispositions
of equipment or Real Estate to the extent that such property is exchanged for credit against all or a portion of the purchase price of
similar replacement property and, if such property is Collateral, then such replacement property is made subject to Liens and security
interests in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties;

(d)Dispositions
of property by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property
is a Subsidiary Guarantor, the transferee thereof must either be the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or an Investment permitted under
Section 7.03;

(e)Dispositions
permitted by Sections 7.04 (a), (b), (c), (d), (f) and (g);

(f)bulk
sales or other dispositions of the inventory of the Borrower or a Subsidiary not in the ordinary course of business in connection with
Store closings, at arms length, provided, that such Store closures are approved by the board of directors of Holdings (or
any direct or indirect parent thereof);

(g)grants
(A) licenses of Intellectual Property of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, (B) non-exclusive
licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business,
(C) licenses of Intellectual Property that could not result in a legal transfer of the licensed property but that may be exclusive
as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States, and (D) licenses of Intellectual Property that
may be exclusive as to particular field of use;

(h)Dispositions
by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.05; provided that (i) at the
time of such Disposition, no Default shall exist or would result from such Disposition, (ii) [reserved] and (iii) at least
75% of the purchase price for such asset shall be paid to the Borrower or such Subsidiary in cash or Cash Equivalents; provided,
that with respect to the foregoing requirement in clause (iii), the following shall be deemed cash: (x) an assumption of Indebtedness
(other than Subordinated Indebtedness) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary by a purchaser in connection with the applicable Disposition,
(y) securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary from the transferee (including earnouts
and similar obligations) that are converted by the Borrower or such Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents, or by their terms are required
to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing
of the applicable Disposition, and (z) any Designated Noncash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
in an such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall
be conclusive), taken together with all other Designated Noncash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z), not to exceed an
aggregate amount at any time outstanding equal to the greater of $12.5 million and 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (with the fair
market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive);

-91-

(i)Licenses
for the conduct of licensed departments (other than to an Affiliate of any Loan Party) within any Store in the ordinary course of business;
and

(j)other
Dispositions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $12.5 million and (y) 25% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.

provided,
however, that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (a) though (d), and clauses (f) and (h) shall be for fair market
value.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything else in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, no Disposition consisting of Material Intellectual
Property may be made from any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor (other than licensing or sublicensing of such
Material Intellectual Property made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, provided such licensing or
sublicensing is not an exclusive license).

7.06Restricted
Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that:

(a)each
Subsidiary of the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to any other Loan Party (other than Holdings) and any other Person that owns
a direct Equity Interest (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) in such Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective holdings
of the type of Equity Interests in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made;

(b)Borrower
and each of its Subsidiaries may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common or preferred
stock or other common or preferred Equity Interests of such Person (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); provided that such
Equity Interests shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by Section 6.12 hereof;

(c)Borrower
may declare and pay cash dividends to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) in an amount not to exceed an amount necessary
to permit Holdings(or any direct or indirect parent thereof) to pay (i) reasonable and customary corporate and operating expenses
relating to maintaining its ownership interest in the Borrower (including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for legal, administrative
and accounting services provided by third parties, and compensation, benefits and other amounts payable to officers and employees in
connection with their employment in the ordinary course of business and to board of director observers), (ii) franchise Taxes and
similar fees required to maintain its corporate existence, (iii) any income Taxes imposed on Holdings(or any direct or indirect
parent thereof) as the common parent of a consolidated, combined or similar Tax group of which the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are
members, up to an amount not to exceed the lesser of (A) the amount of any such income Taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
would have been required to pay on a separate company (or a stand-alone Tax group) basis (reduced by any income Taxes paid directly by
the Borrower or its Subsidiaries) and (B) the actual consolidated income tax liability of the consolidated, combined or similar
Tax group of which Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) is the common parent, and (iv) all costs or fees incurred
in compliance with or in anticipation of compliance with Securities Laws and state securities Laws;

-92-

(d)Borrower
may (or make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof)) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
or retire shares of its capital stock held by officers, directors or employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof)
or any Subsidiary (or their estates or trusts) following the death, disability or termination of employment of any such Person and, so
long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result therefrom), the Borrower may pay dividends to Holdings (or
any direct or indirect parent thereof) to permit such repurchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition; provided that the aggregate
amount of payments to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) by the Borrower under this clause (d) will not exceed
$2.5 million in any Fiscal Year of the Borrower (with any unused portion of such scheduled amount available for use in any succeeding
Fiscal Year);

(e)so
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries may
make other Restricted Payments at any time in an amount not to exceed the sum of (i) the greater of (x) $25.0 million and (y) 50%
of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement (together with any prepayments of Subordinated Indebtedness
pursuant to Section 7.12(d)(i)) and (ii) if, after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis, the
Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Measurement Period would be no greater than 2.00:1.00, the
Available Amount at such time (for the purposes of clarity, the Available Amount under this clause (ii) cannot be used to make Restricted
Payments (or payments to Holdings in order for Holdings to make) in order to make cash dividend payments on Holdings preferred
stock);

(f)Investments
permitted by Section 7.03;

(g)repurchases
of Equity Interests in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries deemed to occur upon
exercise of stock options or warrants or similar rights to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price
of such options or warrants or similar rights;

(h)the
Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) (and Holdings may make Restricted Payments
to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) the proceeds of which shall be used to make payments permitted under Sections 7.08(d),
(e) and (f) (but only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Borrower
or a Subsidiary);

(i)the
declaration and payment of dividends on the Borrowers common stock following the first public offering of the Borrowers
common stock or the common stock of any of its direct or indirect parents after the Closing Date, of up to 6.0% per annum of the net
proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower in or from any such public offering, other than public offerings with respect to
the Borrowers common stock registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8; and

(j)the
payment of any dividend or distribution within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof, if at the date of declaration (i) such
payment would have complied with the provisions of clause (i) and (ii) no Event of Default occurred and was continuing.

-93-

provided,
for purposes of calculating the amount available to make Restricted Payments, any dividend or distribution paid in reliance on clause
(j) shall be deemed to be a Restricted Payment on the date of declaration and not on the date of payment.

7.07Change
in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by
the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto.

7.08Transactions
with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Loan Parties involving aggregate consideration
in excess of the greater of (x) $3.0 million and (y) 6% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, whether or not in the ordinary course
of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable
by the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate;
provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to:

(a)transactions
among (i) the Loan Parties, (ii) any Subsidiaries of Holdings that are not Loan Parties or (iii) the Loan Parties, on
the one hand, and any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, on the other hand, that are at least as favorable to the Loan Parties as could
be obtained in an arms-length transaction from an unaffiliated party;

(b)(i) any
Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02; (ii) any Investments permitted by Section 7.03; (iii) any Disposition
permitted by Section 7.05 and (iv) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.06;

(c)so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the payment of (i) [reserved], and (ii) Transaction
Expenses;

(d)employment,
consulting and severance agreements;

(e)loans
and advances permitted by Section 7.03(b);

(f)payment
of directors fees, expenses and indemnities;

(g)incurrence
of Subordinated Indebtedness by the Loan Parties otherwise permitted hereunder or the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings, provided
that no such Equity Interests may constitute Disqualified Equity Interests;

(h)transactions
with joint ventures permitted hereunder for the purchase or sale of goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business
on terms no less favorable to the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary at the
time in a comparable arms length transaction;

(i)to
the extent constituting Affiliates of the Loan Parties, transactions with the Lenders in their respective capacities as such;

(j)transactions
in which the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent
Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view; and

(k)Restricted
Payments permitted by Section 7.06.

-94-

7.09 Burdensome
Agreements. Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that
(a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary of Borrower to make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer
property to or invest in any Loan Party, except for any agreement in effect (A) on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule
7.09 and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension of any of the foregoing or (B) at the time any Person
becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary
of Borrower, (ii) of any Subsidiary of Borrower to Guarantee the Indebtedness of the Borrower, (iii) of any Subsidiary of Borrower
to make or repay loans to a Loan Party or (iv) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens
on property of such Person; provided, however, that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred
or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02 solely to the extent any such negative pledge
relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness; or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation
of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person. The foregoing restrictions shall not be violated by
reason of (i) applicable Laws, (ii) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iii) (A) the ABL Loan Documents
so long as the restrictions of the kind referred to in the previous sentence contained therein, taken as a whole, are not materially
more restrictive than those contained in the ABL Loan Documents, (B) the Swedish Credit Facility, or (C) documents governing
Permitted Holdco Debt so long as the restrictions of the kind referred to in the previous sentence contained therein, taken as a whole,
are no more restrictive than those contained herein, (iv) customary non-assignment provisions of any contract, lease or license
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, (v) customary restrictions on a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement entered
into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Equity Interests or assets of a Subsidiary pending the closing of such
sale or disposition, (vi) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures
entered into in the ordinary course of business, (vii) documents that represent Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan
Party that is permitted by Section 7.03 to the extent such restriction applies only to such Subsidiary, (viii) documents
that comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement governing Indebtedness entered into after the Closing Date and permitted under Section 7.03
that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary
than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the restrictions contained
in this Agreement), so long as the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such restrictions will not affect its obligation
or ability to make any payments or grant any Liens required hereunder or (ix) any restrictions under any agreement that amends,
refinances or replaces any agreement containing restrictions permitted under the preceding clauses provided that the terms and
conditions are no less favorable taken as a whole to the Subsidiary.

7.10 Amendments
of Material Indebtedness. Amend, modify or waive any of the Loan Partys rights under any Material Indebtedness (other than
on account of any refinancing thereof otherwise permitted hereunder), in each case, to the extent that such amendment, modification or
waiver would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.11 Accounting
Changes. Make any change in their Fiscal Year; provided, however, that Holdings and the Borrower may, upon written notice to the
Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, in which case, Holdings,
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that
are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year.

-95-

7.12 Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner
any Subordinated Indebtedness, or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Subordinated Indebtedness, except (a) regularly
scheduled or mandatory repayments or redemptions of Subordinated Indebtedness, (b) voluntary prepayments of Subordinated Indebtedness
as long as no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making such
payment, (c) refinancings and refundings of such Indebtedness in compliance with Section 7.02(b) or Section 7.02(e),
as applicable and (d) payments of Subordinated Indebtedness up to the sum of (i) the greater of (x) $25.0 million and
(y) 50% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement (together with any Restricted Payments
made pursuant to Section 7.06(e)(i)) and (ii) an unlimited amount if, after giving effect to such Restricted Payment
on a Pro Forma Basis, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Measurement Period would be no greater
than 2.00:1.00, the Available Amount at such time.

7.13 Holding
Company. In the case of Holdings, engage in any business or activity other than (a) the ownership of all outstanding Equity
Interests in the Borrower, (b) maintaining its corporate existence, (c) participating in Tax, accounting and other administrative
activities as the parent of the Consolidated group of companies, including the Loan Parties, (d) the execution and delivery of the
Loan Documents, the ABL Loan Documents, agreements governing other Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise prohibited
hereunder and agreements governing Permitted Holdco Debt, in each case, to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations
thereunder, (e) any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance of its Equity Interests or any transaction permitted
under Section 7.04, (f) holding any cash or property received in connection with Restricted Payments made by the Borrower in
accordance with Section 7.06 pending application thereof by Holdings, (g) providing indemnification to officers and directors,
(h) any activities in connection with the Transactions and (i) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described
in clauses (a) through (h) of this Section.

7.14 Sale
and Leaseback Transactions. Enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell or transfer
any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease
such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred,
provided that Borrower and its Subsidiaries may become and remain liable as lessee, guarantor or other surety with respect to
any such lease if and to the extent that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries would be permitted to enter into, and remain liable
under, such lease to the extent that the transaction would be permitted under Section 7.02, assuming the sale and lease back
transaction constituted Indebtedness in a principal amount equal to the gross proceeds of the sale and the related sale were permitted
under Section 7.05(h).

7.15 Minimum
Liquidity. The Loan Parties will not permit Liquidity of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to be less than $10 million as of
the last Business Day of any calendar month.

ARTICLE VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01 Events
of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a) Non-Payment.
The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to (i) pay when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan,
or (ii) pay within three Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) pay
within five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

-96-

(b) Specific
Covenants. Any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement applicable to it
contained in any of Section 6.03(a), 6.05(a) (solely as it relates to the Borrower), 6.11 or Article VII;
or

(c) Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or
(b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days
following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or

(d) Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

(e) Cross-Default.
(i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness
under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated
credit arrangement) of more than $15.0 million, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to
any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other
event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the
beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries)
to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased
or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to
its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; provided that this
paragraph (e)(B) shall not apply to (1) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer
of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing
for such Indebtedness; or (2) the occurrence of an event of default under the ABL Facility (other than a payment event of default)
shall not constitute an Event of Default under this paragraph (e)(B) until the earliest of (x) 30 days after the date of such
event of default (during which period such event of default is not waived or cured), (y) the acceleration of the obligations under
the ABL Facility or (z) the exercise of secured creditor remedies by the ABL Agent and/or lenders under the ABL Facility as a result
of such event of default; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract)
resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting
Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan
Party or any Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by such Loan
Party or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $15.0 million; or

(f) Insolvency
Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver,
trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property;
or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or
consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person
and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or

-97-

(g) Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or
fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is
issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within
30 days after its issue or levy; or

(h) Judgments.
There is entered against any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary and remains unpaid one or more final judgments or orders for the payment
of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding $20.0 million (to the extent not covered by independent
third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential
claim and does not dispute coverage) and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order,
or (ii) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal
or otherwise, is not in effect; or

(i) ERISA.
An ERISA Event occurs or any substantially similar event occurs with respect to a Foreign Plan (that would have been an ERISA Event had
the Foreign Plan been subject to ERISA and that gives rise to liability under analogous foreign law) which, together with all other ERISA
Events (or such substantially similar events with respect to Foreign Plans) that have occurred, has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(j) Invalidity
of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other
than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect
against Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of
any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of
any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision
of any Loan Document; or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document;
or

(k) Change
of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(l) Collateral
Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Article IV, Section 6.12, or Section 6.18
shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease (or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or, in the reasonable
discretion of the Administrative Agent, any other Person not) to create a valid and perfected First Priority Lien or Second Priority
Lien, as applicable (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01), on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby with
an aggregate fair market value for such Collateral of $15.0 million or more, for any reason other than the failure of Collateral Agent
to maintain control over any Collateral in its possession.

8.02 Remedies
upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may (and at the request of, or
with the consent of, the Required Lenders, shall) take any or all of the following actions:

(a) declare
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

-98-

(b) declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties; and

(c) whether
or not the maturity of the Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights
and remedies under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity,
action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become
due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Secured Parties;

provided,
however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy
Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate, and the unpaid principal amount
of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without
further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

8.03 Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately
due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), or after the commencement of any Liquidation, subject to the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied (by the Administrative Agent
as hereby instructed so to apply) in the following order:

First,
to payment in full of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Secured Party Expenses and other amounts (including
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III)
payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such;

Second,
to the payment in full of the First-Out Term Loans (including both the principal, premium (including any Applicable Premium) and interest
owed thereon) (the amounts so applied to be distributed among such Secured Parties pro rata in accordance with the amounts of
the First-Out Term Loans owed to them on the date of any such distribution) in accordance with this Agreement;

Third,
to the payment in full of the Second-Out Term Loans (including both the principal, premium (including any Applicable Premium) and interest
owed thereon) (the amounts so applied to be distributed among such Secured Parties pro rata in accordance with the amounts of
the Second-Out Term Loans owed to them on the date of any such distribution) in accordance with this Agreement;

Fourth,
to the payment in full of the amounts arising under Cash Management Services and Bank Products subject to confirmation by the Required
Lenders that any calculations of termination or other payment obligations are being made in accordance with normal industry practice;

-99-

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the applicable Loan Parties or as otherwise required by
Law.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (a) amounts received from the Borrower or any Guarantor that is not a Qualified ECP Guarantor shall not be applied
to the Obligations that are Excluded Swap Obligations (it being understood, that in the event that any amount is applied to Obligations
other than Excluded Swap Obligations as a result of this clause (a), the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent permitted by law,
make such adjustments as it determines are appropriate to distributions pursuant to clause Fourth above from amounts received
from Qualified ECP Guarantors to ensure, as nearly as possible, that the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect to Obligations
described in clause Fourth above by the holders of any Excluded Swap Obligations are the same as the proportional aggregate recoveries
with respect to other Obligations pursuant to clause Fourth above) and (b) Obligations arising under Cash Management Services
and Bank Products shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice
thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable provider of Cash Management
Services or Bank Products, as the case may be. Each provider of Cash Management Services or Bank Products not a party to this Agreement
that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the
appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a
Lender party hereto.

8.04 Additional
Intercreditor Matters.

(a) General
Applicability. The provisions of this Section 8.04 shall be applicable both before and after the institution of any insolvency
proceeding involving any Loan Party, including without limitation, the filing of any petition by or against any Loan Party under any
Debtor Relief Law, and all converted or succeeding cases in respect thereof, and all references herein to the Loan Parties (or any of
them) shall be deemed to apply to any trustee or receiver (or similar official) for the Loan Parties (or any of them) and the Loan Parties
(or any of them) as debtor companies or debtors-in-possession. The relative rights of the Lenders in or to any payments, or distributions
from or in respect of any Collateral or proceeds of Collateral and other amounts received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.03
provided herein shall continue after the institution of any insolvency proceeding involving the Loan Parties (or any of them), including
without limitation, the filing of any petition by or against any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law, and all converted or succeeding
cases in respect thereof, on the same basis as prior to the date of such institution, subject to any court order approving the financing
of, or use of cash collateral by, the Loan Parties (or any of them) as debtor companies, debtors-in-possession, or otherwise. The
provisions of Section 8.03 and this Section 8.04 shall constitute a subordination agreement (solely
to the extent and in the manner provided in such Sections) for the purposes of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code of the
United States (or any analogous provision under any other Debtor Relief Law) and shall be enforceable in any insolvency proceeding in
accordance with its terms. The Lenders shall have standing to appear and be heard in any case (bankruptcy or otherwise) or take
any other action that does not contravene the provisions of this Section.

-100-

(b) 363
Sales. The parties hereto agree that the Required First-Out Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent to consent, or object, to
any sale or other disposition of the Collateral or other property or assets of the Loan Parties (and shall be deemed to be sub-agent
for such purpose to the extent necessary to confirm standing under the Loan Documents) under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code
of the United States or any similar provision of any other Debtor Relief Law (363 Sales), including, to the extent
applicable, opposing any proposed bidding procedures in connection with such sale or other disposition. No Lender shall object
to or oppose any such approved sale or other disposition or any proposed bidding procedures in connection therewith on any grounds (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code or any or any analogous provision under any other Debtor
Relief Law) and shall be deemed to consent to the same, if the Required First-Out Lenders or the Administrative Agent (based upon the
instructions of the Required First-Out Lenders) have or has consented to such sale or disposition of such Collateral or property or assets
or proposed bidding procedures; provided, that the Lien of Administrative Agent on such Collateral attaches to the proceeds of
such sale or disposition and such proceeds are applied pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.03. Without limiting
the foregoing, except for objections ensuring the Lien of the Administrative Agent attaches to proceeds and distributions are made consistent
with the previous proviso, in connection with such sale or other disposition, the Lenders may not raise any objections based on rights
afforded by Sections 363(e) and (f) of the Bankruptcy Code to secured creditors with respect to the Liens granted to Administrative
Agent in respect of such assets (or any analogous provision under any other Debtor Relief Law).

(c) DIP
Financing. If any Loan Party shall become a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any other Debtor Relief
Law, and if as a debtor company, debtor-in-possession, or otherwise, moves for approval of financing to be provided in good faith by
Required First-Out Lenders (or their respective Affiliates) but subject to Section 11.01(h) (each a DIP Lender,
and collectively the DIP Lenders) under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any similar
provision of any other Debtor Relief Law, (DIP Financing) or the use of cash collateral (as such term is defined
in Section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar provision of any other Debtor Relief Law herein,
Cash Collateral Use) with the consent of the Required First-Out Lenders or the Administrative Agent (based upon
the instructions of the Required First-Out Lenders), each other Lender agrees that no objection will be raised thereby any to any such
DIP Financing or Cash Collateral Use or otherwise (and such Lenders will be deemed to consent to same) so long as (A) Administrative
Agent retains a Lien on the Collateral to secure the Obligations of such Lenders (in each case, including proceeds thereof arising after
the commencement of such proceeding) with the same priority set forth in Section 8.03 (subject to (x) the Lien securing
the DIP Financing and (y) a reasonable and customary professional fee carve out and reasonable and customary fees
owed to the United States Trustee) as existed prior to the commencement of the case under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or
any other Debtor Relief Law, (B) with respect to a case under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the Administrative Agent
receives a replacement Lien to secure the Obligations on post-petition assets to the same extent granted to the DIP Lender with respect
to the DIP Financing, with the same priority set forth in Section 8.03 (subject to (x) the Lien securing the DIP Financing
and (y) a reasonable and customary professional fee carve out and reasonable and customary fees owed to the United
States Trustee) as existed prior to the commencement of the case under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any other Debtor Relief
Law and (C) any Lien on the Collateral securing such DIP Financing is senior or pari passu in priority to Administrative
Agents Lien on the Collateral to secure the First-Out Term Loans.

(d) Automatic
Stay Relief. Each Lender holding Second-Out Term Loans (solely in respect of such Second-Out Term Loans) agrees not to (i) seek
(or support any other person seeking) relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in any insolvency proceeding in respect of the
Collateral, without the prior written consent of the Required First-Out Lenders, unless first sought and obtained by the Required First-Out
Lenders, or (ii) oppose any request by the Required First-Out Lenders to seek relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in
any insolvency proceeding in respect of the Collateral.

-101-

(e) Classification.
Each Secured Party and each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that because of, among other things, their differing rights and priorities,
each of (i) the Obligations in respect of the First-Out Term Loans and (ii) the Obligations in respect of the Second-Out Term
Loans are fundamentally different from each other and must be separately classified in any restructuring plan proposed, confirmed or
adopted in an insolvency proceeding and shall be treated as separate claims for all purposes, including, without limitation, for purposes
of sections 363, 364 and 506 of the Bankruptcy Code or any or any analogous provision under any other Debtor Relief Law. Each of the
Secured Parties shall not seek in any insolvency proceeding involving any Loan Party, including without limitation, the filing of any
petition by or against any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law, to have the First-Out Term Loans and the Second-Out Term Loans be
treated as part of the same class of secured creditors and shall not oppose, or object to, any pleading or motion for treatment of the
foregoing as separate classes of creditors. To further effectuate the intent of the parties as provided in the immediately preceding
sentence, if it is held by a court of competent jurisdiction that the claims of the holders of the First-Out Term Loans, on the one hand,
and the holders of the Second-Out Term Loans, on the other hand, constitute only one secured class (rather than separate classes of senior
and junior secured claims), then the Secured Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that all distributions shall be applied as if there
were separate classes of each of the First-Out Term Loans and the Second-Out Term Loans, with the effect being that, to the extent that
the aggregate value of the Collateral and other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for application to the Obligations is sufficient,
the holders of First-Out Term Loans shall be entitled to receive, notwithstanding, if applicable, the imposition of Sections 502 and
506 of the Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provision under any other Debtor Relief Law, in addition to amounts distributed to them in
respect of principal, prepetition/pre-filing interest and other claims, all amounts owing in respect of post-petition/post-filing interest,
fees and expenses, including, the Applicable Premium and/or the Make-Whole Amount that are available for each holder of such First-Out
Term Loans, before any distribution is applied in respect of the claims held by the holders of Second-Out Term Loans, with the holders
of such Second-Out Term Loans hereby acknowledging and agreeing to turn over to the holders of such First-Out Term Loans amounts otherwise
received or receivable by them to the extent necessary to effectuate the intent of this sentence, even if such turnover has the effect
of reducing their aggregate recoveries.

(f) [Reserved].

(g) Credit
Bidding. No Lender holding Second-Out Term Loans (solely in respect of such Second-Out Term Loans) may credit bid (or instruct the
Administrative Agent to credit bid) the Second-Out Term Loans, unless either (x) Required First-Out Lenders shall have approved
such credit bid or (y) such credit bid provides for the repayment in full in cash of all Obligations in respect of the First-Out
Term Loans upon the closing of such credit bid.

(h) Avoidance
Issues; Reinstatement. If any Lender receives payment or property on account of the Obligations, and the payment is subsequently
invalidated, avoided, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, or otherwise required to be transferred to a trustee, receiver,
or a Loan Party or an the estate of a Loan Party (a Recovery), then, to the extent of the Recovery, such Obligations
intended to have been satisfied by the payment will be reinstated on the date of the Recovery, and no payment in full of the applicable
Class of Obligations will be deemed to have occurred for all purposes hereunder. Upon any such reinstatement of any First-Out Term
Loans, the Lenders holding Second-Out Term Loans (solely in respect of such Second-Out Term Loans), shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent any Collateral or other proceeds received between the discharge of such First-Out Term Loans and their reinstatement, and such
returned funds shall be reallocated in accordance with Section 8.03. If this Agreement is terminated prior to a Recovery,
this Agreement will be reinstated in full force and effect, and such prior termination will not diminish, release, discharge, impair,
or otherwise affect the obligations of the parties hereto from the date of reinstatement.

-102-

(i) Adequate
Protection. The Required First-Out Lenders may direct the Administrative Agent (i) to, where applicable, seek adequate protection
of the interests of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lenders in the Collateral, including replacement or additional
Liens on any property of the estate of any Loan Party, or (ii) to object to any motion, relief, action or proceeding based upon
any lack of adequate protection of the interests of Administrative Agent or any Lender in the Collateral; provided, that (A) any
cash adequate protection payments shall be applied pursuant to Section 8.03 hereof, (B) such adequate protection shall
be obtained on behalf of the Administrative Agent and all holders of the Obligations generally (subject to the other terms and relative
priorities of this Agreement), and (C) the Lenders holding Second-Out Term Loans (solely in respect of such Second-Out Term Loans)
shall not use lack of adequate protection as a basis to object to any 363 Sales, DIP Financing or Cash Collateral Use proposed, or consented
to, by the Required First-Out Lenders.

(j) Turnover.
All proceeds of Collateral or other payments in respect of the Obligations received by any Lender in contravention of the provisions
of this Agreement must be segregated and held in trust and forthwith paid over to the Administrative Agent for application in accordance
with Section 8.03, in the same form as received, with any necessary endorsements or as a court of competent jurisdiction
may otherwise direct. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to make any such endorsements as agent for each Lender and
this authorization is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until the payment in full of the Obligations.

8.05 Buy
Out Option.

Following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, but not later than twenty (20) Business Days following such Event of
Default (and if multiple Events of Default occur during the occurrence of each other, such date shall related to the first such Event
of Default), Lenders holding Second-Out Term Loans shall have the right, by giving an irrevocable written notice (a Buy-Out
Notice), to the Administrative Agent to acquire, on the date that is not more than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date
of the Administrative Agents receipt of such Buy-Out Notice, all but not less than all of the First-Out Term Loans at a price
equal to the Buy-Out Price (as defined below).

Each
Lender that delivers a Buy-Out Notice is referred to herein as a Buy-Out Electing Lender.

In
the event any Lender exercises the buy-out right pursuant to a Buy-Out Notice, the Administrative Agent shall notify each other Lender
thereof, and each other such Lender holding Second-Out Term Loans shall have not less than five (5) Business Days to elect to provide
an additional Buy-Out Notice.

In
the event more than one Lender is an Buy-Out Electing Lender, then each such Buy-Out Electing Lender shall purchase its pro rata
share of the First-Out Term Loans determined based on the Second-Out Term Loans of all Buy-Out Electing Lenders.

(a) For
purposes of this Section 7.05, Buy-Out Purchase Price means, with respect to the First-Out Term Loans
subject to such Buy-Out Purchase Price:

(i) 100%
of the outstanding balance of all such Obligations in respect of the First-Out Term Loans (and including, without duplication, any loans,
advances or participations by any such Lender that are part of a DIP Financing), including principal, accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
fees and premiums (including the Applicable Premium), whether incurred before, or after, the commencement of an insolvency proceeding
involving any Loan Party, including without limitation, the filing of any petition by or against any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief
Law (or that would accrue and become due but for the commencement of such insolvency proceeding), whether or not such amounts are allowed
or allowable in whole or in part in such proceeding; plus

-103-

(ii) [reserved],

(iii) all
expenses, and indemnity claims to the extent due and payable, of such Lenders in respect of their First-Out Term Loans, to the extent
earned or due and payable in accordance with the Loan Documents; plus

(iv) reasonable
cash collateral to secure any unreimbursed obligations in respect of any asserted or threatened claims that are the subject of the indemnification
provisions of the Loan Documents; it being agreed by the parties hereto that such Lenders holding First-Out Term Loans shall:

(A) be
entitled to apply such cash collateral to reimburse themselves or their Affiliates for any indemnification obligations (in an amount
to be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith) or other amounts owing related thereto, and

(B) promptly
return any unapplied portion of such cash collateral to the Buy-Out Electing Lenders (or their agent) at such time as all obligations
with respect to such indemnification obligations have been paid in full.

(b) If
one or more of the Lenders exercises such purchase right, it shall be exercised pursuant to the execution and delivery of an Assignment
and Assumption (expressly made without representation or warranty of any kind by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders holding such
First-Out Term Loans so purchased, or otherwise, and without recourse to Administrative Agent or any such Lenders holding such First-Out
Term Loans, except that each Lender holding such First-Out Term Loans will represent and warrant: (i) that the amount quoted by
such Lender as its portion of the purchase price represents the amount shown as owing with respect to the claims transferred as reflected
on its books and records, (ii) it owns, or has the right to transfer to the Buy-Out Electing Lender, the rights and Obligations
being transferred, and (iii) such transfer will be free and clear of Liens) (the date upon which such purchase right is consummated,
the Purchase Event Resignation Effective Date). Each Lender may assign it rights to exercise the buy-out
right under this Section 7.05 to any of its Affiliates (to the extent such Persons would be permitted assignees pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement).

ARTICLE IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01 Appointment
and Authority.

(a) Each
of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Acquiom and Seaport, as co-administrative agents, to act on its behalf as the Administrative
Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to
exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers
as are reasonably incidental thereto. The appointment of Seaport as co-administrative agent is solely with respect to its capacity in
processing assignments of the Loans under this Agreement (and Seaport shall not be required to, or have any duty or responsibility for,
acting in any other capacities, without its prior written consent). The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary
of any of such provisions.

-104-

(b) The
Administrative Agent shall also act as the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a
Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring,
holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with
such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent and any co-agents, sub-agents
and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any
Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder
at the direction of the Agents, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article XI
(including Section 11.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the Collateral Agent under
the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

9.02 Rights
as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers
in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person
and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally
engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

9.03 Exculpatory
Provisions. The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents:

(a) shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b) shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is required to exercise as directed
in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in
the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action
that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to liability or that
is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law provided further that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or directions
from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or
directions have been provided;

(c) shall
not be responsible for (i) perfecting, maintaining, monitoring, preserving or protecting the security interest or lien granted under
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the filing, re-filing,
recording, re-recording or continuing or any document, financing statement, mortgage, assignment, notice, instrument of further assurance
or other instrument in any public office at any time or times, (iii) providing, maintaining, monitoring or preserving insurance
on or the payment of taxes with respect to any of the Collateral or (iv) inspecting the properties, books or records of any Loan
Party or any Affiliate thereof. The action described in items (i) through (iii) shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower;

-105-

(d) shall
not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement or any related documents
because of circumstances beyond the Agents control, including, but not limited to, a failure, termination, or suspension of a
clearing house, securities depositary, settlement system or central payment system in any applicable part of the world or acts of God,
flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil or military disturbances or hostilities, nuclear or natural catastrophes, political
unrest, explosion, severe weather or accident, earthquake, terrorism, fire, riot, labor disturbances, strikes or work stoppages for
any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like (whether domestic, federal, state, county
or municipal or foreign) which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement or any related
documents, or the unavailability of communications or computer facilities, the failure of equipment or interruption of communications
or computer facilities, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility, or any
other causes beyond the Agents control whether or not of the same class or kind as specified above; and

(e) shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

The
Agents shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by them (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary,
under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of their own gross negligence
or willful misconduct. The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default
is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender.

The
Agents shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document
delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation,
perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any
Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm
receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents.

9.04 Reliance
by Agents. The Agents shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate,
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting
or other distribution) believed by them to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.
The Agents also may rely upon any statement made to them orally or by telephone and believed by them to have been made by the proper
Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of
a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition
is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the
making of such Loan. The Agents may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other
experts selected by them, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by them in accordance with the advice of any such
counsel, accountants or experts. The Agents shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Documents
unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate. The Agents shall in all cases
be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request
or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request
and any action take or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders.

-106-

9.05 Delegation
of Duties. The Agents may perform in any and all of their duties and exercise their rights and powers hereunder or under any other
Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable.
The Agents and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their duties and exercise their rights and powers by or through their respective
Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties
of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit
facility provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent. The Agents shall not be responsible for
the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and
non-appealable judgment that the Agents acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

9.06 Resignation
of Agents. The Agents may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower, including the effective date
of such resignation which may be not less than 30 days from the date of such notice. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation,
the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event
of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office
in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agents give notice of their resignation,
then the retiring Agents may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent meeting the qualifications
set forth above; provided that if the Agents shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted
such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Agents
shall be discharged from their duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral
security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue
to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications
and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly,
until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06.
Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed
to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06).
The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise
agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents resignation
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 11.04 shall continue
in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, their respective sub-agents and their respective
Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent.

-107-

9.07 Non-Reliance
on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agents, or any other
Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon
the Agents or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time
deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. The Agents shall not have any duty or responsibility
to provide any Lender with any other credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of any Loan
Party that may come into the possession of the Agents.

9.08 Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due
and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any
demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise

(a) to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations
that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent
under Sections 2.07 and 11.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b) to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and
any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby
authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making
of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent
under Sections 2.07 and 11.04.

Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any
Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize
the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

-108-

9.09 Collateral
and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Agents, at their option and in their discretion,

(a) to
release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the
Commitments payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has then
been asserted, (B) obligations and liabilities under Cash Management Services and (C) obligations and liabilities under Bank
Products), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan
Document to a Person that is not a Loan Party, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 11.01;

(b) to
release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted
hereunder; and

(c) to
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on
such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i).

Upon
request by the Agents at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Agents authority to release or subordinate
their interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder pursuant to this
Section 9.10. In each case as specified in this Section 9.10, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent,
as applicable, will, at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party
may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the
Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations hereunder, in each
case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10.

9.10 Notice
of Transfer. The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lenders portion of the Obligations
for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in
Section 11.06.

9.11 Agency
for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the
Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law can be perfected only
by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents
thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agents request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise
deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agents instructions.

9.12 Indemnification
of Agents. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations
of Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their respective principal amount of Loans held (or, if the Loans have been repaid,
according to their respective principal amount of Loans held immediately prior to such repayment), from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever
that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or any action taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent in connection therewith; provided that no Lender shall be
liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
resulting from such Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction; provided, further that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders
(or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence
or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.13. The undertaking in this Section 9.13 shall survive termination of
the Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations, the resignation or removal of the Agent, and the exercise of Write-Down and Conversion
Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority with respect to any lender that is an EEA Financial Institution.

-109-

9.13 Withholding
Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to
any applicable withholding Tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts
a claim that the Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including,
without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify
the Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall
indemnify and hold harmless the Agent (to the extent that the Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting
the obligation of the Borrower to do so) for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any
interest, additions to Tax or penalties thereto, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses and any other out-of-pocket
expenses, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate
as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.

9.14 Relation
Among Lenders. The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except
as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender.

9.15 Certain
ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to,
and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto,
for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments,

(ii) the
prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975
such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,
and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith,

-110-

(iii) (A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of
Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of
PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b) In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or
(2) a Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately
preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto,
to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party
hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the
assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

ARTICLE X

CONTINUING GUARANTY

10.01 Guaranty.
Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty
of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and
at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs,
expenses or otherwise, of the Borrower to the Secured Parties, arising hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including all renewals,
extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the
Secured Parties in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof). The Administrative Agents books and records showing
the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor,
and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness,
validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence,
validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to
the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty, and each Guarantor
hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing.

Each
Qualified ECP Guarantor (including the Borrower) hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes
to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of each such Loan Partys
obligations (a) in respect of Swap Contracts to which it is a party and (b) under this Guaranty in respect of Swap Obligations
(provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.01 for the maximum amount of such
liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.01, or otherwise under this Guaranty,
as it relates to such other Loan Party, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not
for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect
until the termination of this Guaranty in accordance with Section 10.06 hereof. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.01
constitute, and this Section 10.01 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the
benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

-111-

10.02 Rights
of Lenders. Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Secured Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or
demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge,
accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange,
enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Obligations;
(c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole
discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Obligations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might
in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as
a discharge of such Guarantor.

10.03 Certain
Waivers. Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other
Guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Secured Party) of the liability of the Borrower;
(b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower;
(c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantors liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed
against the Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Secured
Party whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Secured Party; and
(f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable
law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and
all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices
of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance
of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations. As provided below, this Guaranty shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

10.04 Obligations
Independent. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder re those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent
of the Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against each Guarantor to enforce
this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party.

10.05 Subrogation.
No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments
it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Obligations (other than any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms
survives the termination of this Agreement) and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the
Commitments and the facility are terminated. If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then
such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to reduce
the amount of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

-112-

10.06 Termination;
Reinstatement. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain
in full force and effect until all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are paid in full in cash (other than
any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement) and the Commitments and
the facility with respect to the Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force
and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the
Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement
entered into by any of the Secured Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred
and whether or not the Secured Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission,
termination or reduction. The obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.

10.07 Subordination.
Each Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of the Borrower owing to such Guarantor, whether now
existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of the Borrower to any Guarantor as subrogee of the Secured
Parties or resulting from such Guarantors performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all
Obligations (other than any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement).
If the Secured Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of the Borrower to any Guarantor shall be enforced and performance
received by such Guarantor as trustee for the Secured Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Secured Parties on account
of the Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of such Guarantor under this Guaranty.

10.08 Stay
of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced
by or against any Guarantor or the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable
by such Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Secured Parties.

10.09 Condition
of Borrower. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining
from the Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower
and any such other Guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Secured Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not
relying on the Secured Parties at any time to disclose to such Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial
condition of the Borrower or any other Guarantor (such Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such
information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.01 Amendments,
Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the
Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the
applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment,
waiver or consent shall:

-113-

(a) extend
or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written
consent of such Lender (it being understood that the waiver of any mandatory prepayment shall not constitute an extension or increase
of any Commitment of any Lender);

(b) postpone
any date fixed by this Agreement, any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders
(or any of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such payment
(it being understood that the waiver of or amendment to the terms of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans shall not constitute a postponement
of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest); provided, however, that only the consent of the Required
Lenders shall be necessary for a Second-Out PIK Election in accordance with Section 2.06(c);

(c) reduce
the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any
other Loan Document, without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such amount; provided, however, that only the
consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of
the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate;

(d) change
Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of
each Lender, except with respect to Senior Indebtedness issued pursuant to clause (h) below;

(e) change
any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or Required First-Out Lenders
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights
hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;

(f) except
as expressly permitted hereunder, release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their obligations under the Loan Documents
without the written consent of each Lender;

(g) except
for releases of Collateral in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.10 hereof (in which case, such release may be made
by the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of Required Lenders), release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the
Liens of the Collateral Documents in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender;

(h) subordinate
(x) the Liens securing any of the Obligations on all or substantially all of the Collateral (Existing Liens)
to the Liens securing any other Indebtedness or other obligations or (y) any Obligations in contractual right of payment to any
other Indebtedness or other obligations, including by way of any amendment to Section 8.03 (any such other Indebtedness or
other obligations, to which such Liens securing any of the Obligations or such Obligations, as applicable, are subordinated, Senior
Indebtedness), in either the case of subclause (x) or (y), unless each adversely affected Lender holding First-Out Term
Loans has been offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share (based on the amount of First-Out Term
Loans that are adversely affected thereby held by each such Lender) of the Senior Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide
backstop fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection with the negotiation of the terms of such transaction;
such fees and expenses, Ancillary Fees) as offered to all other providers (or their Affiliates) of the Senior Indebtedness
and to the extent such adversely affected Lender decides to participate in the Senior Indebtedness, receive its pro rata share of the
fees and any other similar benefit (other than Ancillary Fees) of the Senior Indebtedness afforded to the providers of the Senior Indebtedness
(or any of their Affiliates) in connection with providing the Senior Indebtedness pursuant to a written offer made to each such adversely
affected Lender describing the material terms of the arrangements pursuant to which the Senior Indebtedness is to be provided, which
offer shall remain open to each adversely affected Lender for a period of not less than five Business Days; provided, however,
that (1) an amendment to permit an increase in the maximum permitted amount of Obligations under the ABL Facility shall not be restricted
by this clause (h) above, and (2) any subordination expressly permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement shall not be restricted
by this clause (h); or

-114-

(i) amend,
modify or waive any provision of this Agreement that would permit, or have the effect or functional equivalent of permitting, Holdings
or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof to acquire, prepay or otherwise retire (x) any First-Out Term Loans on a non-pro rata basis
with respect to all other First-Out Term Loans, unless offered to all Lenders holding First-Out Term Loans on the same terms or (y) any
Second-Out Term Loans on a non-pro rata basis with respect to all other Second-Out Term Loans, unless offered to all Lenders holding
Second-Out Term Loans on the same terms, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; or

(j) amend,
modify or waive the last paragraph of Section 7.02 or the last paragraph of Section 7.05, without the written
consent of Lenders holding at least 95% in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans.

and
provided further, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting
Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except an amendment under clause (a),
(b) or (c) above that directly affects the rights and obligations of such Lender.

This
Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Loan
Parties (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to
time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the
Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.

If
any Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent
of each Lender, and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such non-consenting Lender in accordance
with Section 11.13; provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment
contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph).

-115-

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein contained, no provider of any Bank Product or Cash Management Service in its capacity as such (a) shall
have any right to consent to any amendment, modification, termination or waiver of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including
any amendment and/or restatement of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents refinancing, replacing or restructuring the Loans and
the Obligations including any increase thereof) or to contest any such amendment, modification, termination or waiver, (b) shall
be deemed a Lender for any purposes of the Loan Documents, or (c) shall have any right to (i) enforce any security interest,
right or remedy under any of the Loan Documents or (ii) instruct the Agents with respect to any action or inaction by the Agents
with respect to the exercise of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, or consent to or contest any such
action or inaction. Except for the payment of amounts on account of Bank Products and Cash Management Services (but only to the extent
the Agents shall have received sufficient funds therefor), the Agents shall have no duties or obligations to any provider of any Bank
Product or Cash Management Services in its capacity as such. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the assignment by any Lender
of its Loans and Commitments.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11.01, if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly
identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or any error or omission of a technical or
immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (acting
in their sole discretion) and the Borrower or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment
shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document.

11.02 Notices;
Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

(a) Notices
Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided
in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i) if
to Holdings, the Borrower, any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to the address, telecopier number, electronic
mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02; and

(ii) if
to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Notices
sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received;
notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the
recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered
through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection
(b).

(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication
(including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that
the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative
Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the
Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant
to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

-116-

Unless
the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received
upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested
function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is
not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening
of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause
(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.

(c) The
Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative
Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Holdings or any of its
Subsidiaries, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract
or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials through the
Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided,
however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, any Lender or any other
Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

(d) Change
of Address, Etc. Each of Holdings, the Borrower, any other Loan Party, and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier
or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change
its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has
on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices
and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees
to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information
or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance
with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws,
to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the
Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States
Federal or state securities laws.

-117-

(e) Reliance
by Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be
entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Conversion/Continuation Notices) purportedly
given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were
not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient,
varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender and the
Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice
purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative
Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

11.03 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise, and no delay
by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided,
and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided
by law.

11.04 Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs
and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay all Secured Party Expenses within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of an invoice
therefor.

(b) Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Collateral Agent,
each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee)
against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the
reasonable and documented in reasonable detail fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and,
if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests
of the Lenders, in each case, selected by the Administrative Agent and solely in the case of an actual conflict of interest between Indemnitees
where the Indemnitees affected by such conflict inform the Borrower of such conflict, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction
material to the interest of the Lenders to each group of affected Indemnitees taken as a whole) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted
against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result
of (i) the preparation, execution, delivery or administration of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or thereby or any amendment or waiver with respect hereto or thereto, the performance by the parties hereto of their
respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case
of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or letter of credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or
alleged presence or Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials, at, under, on or from any property or facility currently or
formerly owned, leased or operated by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of
the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other
Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee,
be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee
(y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees
obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment
in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (z) result from the presence, Release or threat
of Release of Hazardous Materials or violations of Environmental Laws first occurring or first existing after completion of the foreclosure
upon the Collateral, granting of a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure with respect to the Collateral or similar transfer of title or possession
of the Collateral, unless such presence, release or violation is actually caused by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof. This Section 11.04(b) shall
not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.

-118-

(c) Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of
this Section 11.04 to be paid by it to the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof), or any Related Party of any of the foregoing,
each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent, or such Related Party,
as the case may be, such Lenders share (based on the amount of Loans held by each Lender at the time that the applicable unreimbursed
expense or indemnity payment is sought or if the Loans have been repaid in full, based on the amount of Loans held by such Lender immediately
prior to such repayment) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability
or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Collateral
Agent, in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such
sub-agent) or the Collateral Agent in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are
subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(d).

(d) Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive,
any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to
direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement
or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee
referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information
or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information
transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by
a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(e) Payments.
All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after receipt of an invoice or
demand therefor.

(f) Survival.
The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the resignation of the Agents, the replacement of any Lender, the termination
of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

-119-

11.05 Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement
entered into by the Administrative Agent such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share
(without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such
demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. The
obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the
termination of this Agreement.

11.06 Successors
and Assigns.

(a) Successors
and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and
no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with
the provisions of Section 11.06(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d),
or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06(f) (and
any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby,
Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 11.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated
hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or by reason of this Agreement.

(b) Assignments
by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any
such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:

(i) Minimum
Amounts.

(A) in
the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to
it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B) in
any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section 11.06, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which
for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance
of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect
to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and
Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $500,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);
provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members
of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as
a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met;

-120-

(ii) Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned;

(iii) Required
Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 11.06
and, in addition:

(A) the
consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or
an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment if it does not respond to a written
request for consent within 5 Business Days; and

(B) the
consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect
of (i) any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment, an Affiliate of Lender or an Approved
Fund with respect to such Lender or (ii) any Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;

(iv) Assignment
and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent
may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall
not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any Tax forms required by Section 3.01(e) or
(f);

(v) No
Assignments to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(vi) No
Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person.

Subject
to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 11.06,
from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement
and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released
from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective
date of such assignment). Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment
or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06(d).

-121-

(c) Register.
The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agents
Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal and interest amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from
time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder
for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.

The
Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable
prior notice, but solely as to such Lender in the case of a Lender.

(d) Participations.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any
Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant)
in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment
and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
including, for avoidance of doubt, any indemnification obligation with respect to the participated interest, (ii) such Lender shall
remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender
shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (f) and (g) in the first proviso to Section 11.01
that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section 11.06, the Borrower agrees that
each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were
a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b), provided such Participant agrees to be
subject to Section 3.01 as though it were a Lender. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled
to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11
as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent
of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and interest amount
of each Participants interest in the Loans held by it (the Participant Register); provided
that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity
of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or other obligations under
any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that any such commitment, loan, letter of credit
or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries
in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.

-122-

(e) Limitations
upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant except
to the extent that such entitlement to any greater payment results from any Change in Law after the Participant becomes a Participant
or the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent.

(f) Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to
a FRB or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(g) Electronic
Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import
in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.

(h) Any
assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 11.06,
whether or not such assignment or transfer is reflected in the Register, shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by
such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section.

11.07 Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality
of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates
respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom
such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential),
(b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority,
such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by
any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder
or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11.07,
to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any rights or obligations under this
Agreement (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower
and its obligations, or (iii) any funding or financing source of any Lender, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to
the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.07
or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis
from a source other than the Borrower.

For
purposes of this Section 11.07, Information means all information received from any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary thereof relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, operations, assets and related
matters, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior
to disclosure by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, provided that, in the case of information received from a Loan Party
or any such Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person
required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 11.07 shall be considered to have complied
with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information
as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

-123-

Each
of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning
Holdings or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and
state securities Laws.

11.08 Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Secured Party and each of its respective Affiliates
is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to setoff and apply any and
all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations
(in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Secured Party or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Secured Party, irrespective of whether or not such Secured Party shall have made any demand
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or
unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Secured Party different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated
on such indebtedness. The rights of each Secured Party and their respective Affiliates under this Section 11.08 are in addition
to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Secured Party or their respective Affiliates may have. Each
Secured Party agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

11.09 Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid
under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum
Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess
interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining
whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person
may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium
rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread
in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

11.10 Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness. (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede
any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01,
this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent
shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement.

-124-

(b) 
The words execution, signed, signature, and
words of like import in this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any document, amendment, approval, consent, notice (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 11.02), certificate, request, statement, disclosure
or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each
an Ancillary Document), shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures. Such signatures or the keeping of records
in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual
executed signature page) shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of
a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar
state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept
Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it. Without limiting
the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, each party hereto shall
be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any other party hereto without further verification
thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of
any party hereto, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any
workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the parties hereto, Electronic Signatures
transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or
any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity
and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) each party hereto may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement,
any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed
created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records
shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record),
(iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other
Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document
and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim
against any party hereto, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons for any liabilities arising solely from any such partys
reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces
an image of an actual executed signature page, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of any party hereto to use
any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

11.11 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.
Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation
made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may
have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan
or other Obligation (other than any indemnity obligation for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement)
shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied.

-125-

11.12 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality,
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

11.13 Replacement
of Lenders. (A) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or
(B) if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or (C) if in connection with a proposed amendment, modification, waiver, or consent
with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 11.01, the consent of the Required Lenders shall
have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is required shall not have been obtained, or (D) if
any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may,
at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate,
without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06),
all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such
obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:

(a) the
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.06(b);

(b) such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, the Applicable Premium, accrued interest
thereon and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05)
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other
amounts);

(c) in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made
pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and

(d) such
assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

A
Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

11.14 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

-126-

(b) 
SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT
FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION
OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY
SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE
AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY SECURED PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF
ANY JURISDICTION.

(c) WAIVER
OF VENUE. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) SERVICE
OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

11.15 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

-127-

11.16 No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection
with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and Holdings each acknowledge and
agree, and acknowledge their respective Affiliates understanding, that: (i) the arranging and other services regarding this
Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, Holdings
and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, (ii) each of
the Borrower and Holdings and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent
it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower and Holdings and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands
and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Administrative
Agent and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties,
has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective
Affiliates, or any other Person and (v) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, Holdings
or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (vi) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be
engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, Holdings and their respective
Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor Lenders have any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, Holdings
and their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and Holdings hereby waives and releases
any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or
fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

11.17 USA
PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for
itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of
each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party
in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used by the Loan Parties, directly or indirectly,
for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office,
or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation
of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

11.18 No
Strict Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event
an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of
this Agreement.

11.19 Attachments.
The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement
for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions
of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

11.20 Intercreditor
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant
to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Collateral Agent hereunder or under the
other Loan Documents are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.

-128-

11.21 Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) 
the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) 
the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) 
a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) 
a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii) 
the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority.

11.22 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts
or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported
QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with
the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and
QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be
stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or
such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of
a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that
might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the
foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event
affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

-129-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION COPY

ASSET-BASED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

$140,000,000

Dated as of January 28, 2025

among

THE CONTAINER STORE, INC.,

as Borrower,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC,

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent,

and

THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC,

as Lead Arranger

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1

1.01 Defined
Terms 1

1.02 Other
Interpretive Provisions 48

1.03 Classification
of Loans and Borrowings 48

1.04 Accounting
Terms 48

1.05 Rounding 48

1.06 Times
of Day 48

1.07 Letter
of Credit Amounts 49

1.08 Senior
Debt 49

1.09 [Reserved] 49

1.10 [Reserved] 49

1.11 Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notifications 49

1.12 Divisions 49

1.13 Letters
of Credit 49

Article II
THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 50

2.01 Committed
Loans; Reserves 50

2.02 Borrowings
of Committed Loans 50

2.03 Letters
of Credit 52

2.04 Swing
Line Loans 58

2.05 Prepayments 61

2.06 Termination
of Commitments 62

2.07 Term
of Agreement; Repayment of Loans 62

2.08 Interest 62

2.09 Fees 63

2.10 Computation
of Interest and Fees 63

2.11 Evidence
of Debt 63

2.12 Payments
Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback 64

2.13 Sharing
of Payments by Lenders 65

2.14 Settlement
Amongst Lenders 66

2.15 [Reserved] 67

2.16 [Reserved] 67

2.17 [Reserved] 67

Article III
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 67

3.01 Taxes 67

3.02 Alternate
Rate of Interest; Illegality 70

3.03 Increased
Costs 72

3.04 [Reserved] 73

3.05 Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 73

3.06 Survival 74

Article IV
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 74

4.01 Conditions
of Initial Credit Extension 74

4.02 Conditions
to All Credit Extensions 76

i

Article V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 77

5.01 Existence,
Qualification and Power 77

5.02 Authorization;
No Contravention 77

5.03 Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents 77

5.04 Binding
Effect 77

5.05 Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 78

5.06 Litigation 78

5.07 [Reserved]. 78

5.08 Ownership
of Property; Liens; Investments 78

5.09 Environmental
Matters 79

5.10 Insurance 79

5.11 Taxes 80

5.12 ERISA
Compliance 80

5.13 Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests; Loan Parties 81

5.14 Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act 81

5.15 Disclosure 81

5.16 Compliance
with Laws 81

5.17 Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc. 82

5.18 Solvency 82

5.19 [Reserved] 82

5.20 Labor
Matters 82

5.21 Collateral
Documents 82

5.22 USA
PATRIOT Act 83

5.23 Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions 83

5.24 Affected
Financial Institutions 83

5.25 Plan
Assets 83

Article VI
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 83

6.01 Financial
Statements and Other Information 83

6.02 Certificates;
Other Information 84

6.03 Notices 87

6.04 Payment
of Obligations 88

6.05 Preservation
of Existence, Etc 88

6.06 Maintenance
of Properties 88

6.07 Maintenance
of Insurance 88

6.08 Compliance
with Laws 90

6.09 Books
and Records 90

6.10 Inspection
Rights 90

6.11 Use
of Proceeds 91

6.12 Covenant
to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 91

6.13 Cash
Management 93

6.14 Physical
Inventories 94

6.15 Further
Assurances 94

6.16 Lenders
Meetings 94

6.17 [Reserved] 94

6.18 [Reserved] 94

6.19 Post-Closing
Matters 94

ii

Article VII
NEGATIVE COVENANTS 95

7.01 Liens 95

7.02 Indebtedness 96

7.03 Investments 98

7.04 Fundamental
Changes 99

7.05 Dispositions 100

7.06 Restricted
Payments 102

7.07 Change
in Nature of Business 103

7.08 Transactions
with Affiliates 103

7.09 Burdensome
Agreements 104

7.10 Amendments
of Material Indebtedness 104

7.11 Accounting
Changes 105

7.12 Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness 105

7.13 Holding
Company 105

7.14 Deposit
Accounts 105

7.15 Minimum
Availability 105

7.16 Sale
and Leaseback Transactions 105

Article VIII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 105

8.01 Events
of Default 105

8.02 Remedies
upon Event of Default 108

8.03 Application
of Funds 108

Article IX
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 109

9.01 Appointment
and Authority 109

9.02 Rights
as a Lender 110

9.03 Exculpatory
Provisions 110

9.04 Reliance
by Agents 111

9.05 Delegation
of Duties 111

9.06 Resignation
of Agents 112

9.07 Non-Reliance
on Agents and Other Lenders 112

9.08 No
Other Duties, Etc. 112

9.09 Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim 113

9.10 Collateral
and Guaranty Matters 113

9.11 Notice
of Transfer 114

9.12 Reports
and Financial Statements 114

9.13 Agency
for Perfection 114

9.14 Indemnification
of Agents 115

9.15 Withholding
Tax 115

9.16 Relation
Among Lenders 115

9.17 Certain
ERISA Matters 115

9.18 Erroneous
Payments 116

9.19 Intercreditor
Agreement 117

iii

Article X
CONTINUING GUARANTY 118

10.01 Guaranty 118

10.02 Rights
of Lenders 118

10.03 Certain
Waivers 119

10.04 Obligations
Independent 119

10.05 Subrogation 119

10.06 Termination;
Reinstatement 119

10.07 Subordination 119

10.08 Stay
of Acceleration 120

10.09 Condition
of Borrower 120

Article XI
MISCELLANEOUS 120

11.01 Amendments,
Etc. 120

11.02 Notices;
Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 122

11.03 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 124

11.04 Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver 125

11.05 Payments
Set Aside 126

11.06 Successors
and Assigns 126

11.07 Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality 130

11.08 Right
of Setoff 131

11.09 Interest
Rate Limitation 131

11.10 Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness 132

11.11 Survival
of Representations and Warranties 133

11.12 Severability 133

11.13 Replacement
of Lenders 133

11.14 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 134

11.15 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL 135

11.16 No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 135

11.17 USA
PATRIOT Act Notice 135

11.18 No
Strict Construction 136

11.19 Attachments 136

11.20 Intercreditor
Agreement 136

11.21 Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 136

11.22 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs 137

iv

SCHEDULES

2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages

2.03 Existing Letters of Credit

5.01 Organization Information

5.08(c) Owned Real Estate

5.08(d)(i) Leased Real Estate (Lessee)

5.08(d)(ii) Leased Real Estate (Lessor)

5.08(e) Existing Investments

5.10 Insurance

5.13 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments

5.17 Intellectual Property Rights

6.02(c) Borrowing Base Calculation and Collateral Reporting

6.12 Credit Card Arrangements

6.19 Post-Closing Matters

7.01(b) Existing Liens

7.02 Existing Indebtedness

7.09 Burdensome Agreements

11.02 Administrative Agents Office, Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS

Form of

A-1 Notice of Borrowing

A-2 [Reserved]

B [Reserved]

C [Reserved]

D Compliance Certificate

E Form of Note

F Assignment and Assumption

H-1 Perfection Certificate

H-2 Perfection Certificate
Supplement

I [Reserved]

J Credit Card Notifications

K [Reserved]

L [Reserved]

M-1 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income
Tax Purposes

M-2 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax
Purposes

M-3 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal
Income Tax Purposes

M-4 U.S. Tax Certificate For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income
Tax Purposes

v

ASSET-BASED REVOVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

This ASSET-BASED REVOLVING
CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of January 28, 2025, among THE CONTAINER STORE, INC.,
a Texas corporation (the Borrower), the Guarantors party hereto, each lender from time-to-time party hereto
(collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL
LLC (Eclipse), as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

WHEREAS, on December 22,
2024 (the Petition Date), the Borrower and certain affiliates and direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the
Borrower (each, a Chapter 11 Debtor and collectively, the Chapter 11 Debtors)
filed voluntary petitions with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the Bankruptcy Court)
initiating their cases under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) (collectively,
the Chapter 11 Cases);

WHEREAS, on December 24,
2024, the Borrower and certain affiliates and direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Borrower entered into that certain Senior Secured
Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement with Eclipse, as administrative and collateral agent thereunder,
and the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, pursuant to which the lenders thereunder provided a $140,000,000 asset-based credit
facility (the DIP ABL Facility);

WHEREAS, concurrent with
the confirmation of an Approved Plan of Reorganization (as defined below), The Container Store Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Holdings) and the Borrower have asked the Lenders to provide the Borrower with a senior secured asset-based
revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed $140,000,000 (subject to the then applicable Borrowing Base) pursuant
to the terms, and subject to the conditions set forth, in this Agreement (the ABL Facility);

WHEREAS, the Lenders are
willing to make Committed Loans (as defined below) to the Borrower, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Obligations
of the Borrower are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by Liens on the Collateral, in each case, as set forth in, and subject
to, the Loan Documents.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
covenant and agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01Defined
Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, the following terms are used herein as defined in the UCC: Account Debtor, Chattel Paper,
Deposit Accounts, Equipment, Fixtures, Instruments, Inventory and Proceeds. In addition, as used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

ABL Facility
has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto.

ABL Priority
Collateral shall have the meaning specified therefor in the Intercreditor Agreement.

ABLSoft
means the electronic and/or internet-based system approved by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of making notices, requests,
deliveries, communications and for the other purposes contemplated in this Agreement or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent,
whether such system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates or any other Person.

Accounts
means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned
by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for
services rendered or to be rendered, (c) for a policy of insurance issued or to be issued, (d) for a secondary obligation incurred
or to be incurred, or (e) arising out of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card.

ACH
means automated clearing house transfers.

Administrative
Agent means Eclipse in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent as provided in Section 9.06.

Administrative
Agents Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(c).

Administrative
Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02,
or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent Parties
has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(c).

Agents
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.

Aggregate Commitments
means, at any time, the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders at such time. As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitments are
$140.0 million.

Agreement
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto, as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Ancillary
Document has the meaning specified in Section 11.10(b).

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

Applicable Margin
means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, 4.25% and, with respect to any Base Rate Loan, 3.25%.

2

Applicable Percentage
means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the percentage (carried out to the fourth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments
represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time. If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of any
L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have
expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently
in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name
of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Section 2.03(e) when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable
Percentage as used in such Section 2.03(e) with respect to any non-Defaulting Lender shall mean the percentage
of the Aggregate Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lenders Commitments) represented by such non-Defaulting Lenders
Commitment.

Appraised Value
Percentage means the net orderly liquidation value of the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors Inventory
as determined by the Prepetition Appraisal or, if later, the most current third-party appraisal report, performed in a manner substantially
consistent with the Prepetition Appraisal by an appraisal firm retained by the Administrative Agent for such appraisal project with respect
to the Eligible Inventory and Eligible In-Transit Inventory.

Approved
Electronic Communication means each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material transmitted,
posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, facsimile, ABLSoft or any other equivalent electronic service, whether owned, operated
or hosted by the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses
to, provide to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including any financial statement, financial
and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information or material; provided, that Approved Electronic Communications
shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that Agent specifically instructs a Person
to deliver in physical form.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Approved Plan
of Reorganization shall mean that certain Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc.
and Its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as attached to the Disclosure Statement dated December 21, 2024
and filed with the Bankruptcy Court in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, as such plan is amended or otherwise modified in a manner
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Arranger
means Eclipse Business Capital LLC.

Assignee Group
means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment
advisor.

Assignment and
Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any
party whose consent is required by Section 11.06(b)(iii)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the
form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

3

Attributable
Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligations of any Person, the capitalized amount
thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of
any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable
agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such
lease or other agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation and (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person.

Availability
Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the
date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the Commitment
of each Lender to make Loans pursuant to Section 8.02.

Availability
Reserves means, without duplication of any other Reserves or items that are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility
criteria, an amount, if any, established in the Administrative Agents reasonable discretion, equal to the sum of (a) the
amount of all sales taxes that have been collected by the Borrower and Subsidiary Guarantors and not remitted to any state taxing authority
when due, (b) an amount equal to two (2) months gross rent for (x) each leased Store of the Borrower and the Subsidiary
Guarantors located in a Landlord Lien State or (y) after the period provided therefor in Schedule 6.19, each distribution
center of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, in each case, other than those applicable Stores and/or distribution centers with
respect to which the Collateral Agent has received a Collateral Access Agreement, (c) 50% of Customer Credit Liabilities, (d) an
amount based on rent which is past due for more than ten days for any of the Borrowers or Subsidiary Guarantors leased
locations, with the exception of past due rent that is the subject of a Permitted Protest as determined by the Administrative Agent in
its reasonable discretion, (e) reserves in respect of Store closings and related dispositions and liquidation sales, solely to the
extent that such dispositions or sales are below the greater of (x) net orderly liquidation value of such Collateral and (y) cost
of such Collateral, (f) such other reserves established in the Administrative Agents reasonable discretion which are reasonably
required pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, reserves implemented in connection with Permitted Liens, and Permitted
Indebtedness, but in the case of each of the foregoing, only to the extent such Liens, encumbrances and Indebtedness relate or in any
way affect the Borrowing Base, (g) reserves implemented in order to protect the Credit Parties from any Liens, encumbrances or claims
that could, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, take priority over the Liens of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral,
(h) Dilution Reserves, (i) reserves for Shrink related to Eligible Inventory and freight and duties related to Eligible In-Transit
Inventory and (j) a reserve in an amount equal to $1,000,000 in respect of cash interest due under the Term Facility.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable,
that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency
of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period (or similar concept) pursuant to clause
(e) of Section 3.02.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from
time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates
(other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

4

Bankruptcy Code
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraphs hereto.

Bankruptcy Court
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraphs hereto.

Base Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Floor plus one percent (1.00%), (b) the Federal Funds
Rate in effect on such day plus one-half of one percent (%), (c) the Term SOFR Rate in effect on such day, plus one percent
(1.00%), provided, that this clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable,
and (d) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. at its principal office in San Francisco as
its prime rate in effect on such day, with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A.s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are
calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal
publications as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. may designate (or, if such rate ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally
available and recognizable source as Agent may select in its reasonable discretion). If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate
of interest pursuant to Section 3.02 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined
pursuant to Section 3.02(b)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be
determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing
would be less than 3.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 3.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

Base Rate Committed
Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan.

Base Rate Loan
means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 3.02.

Benchmark Replacement
means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent
for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a)Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(b)the
sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation
of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated
syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant
to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

5

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for any applicable interest period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day,
the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period (or similar
concept), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion
or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or
operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark
and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if
the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative
Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the
Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement
Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(a)in
the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b)in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be
determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

6

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in
respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with
respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such
then-current Benchmark:

(a)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the FRB, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction
over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such
Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or
will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that,
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark
if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
Date pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02 and (y) ending
at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in accordance with Section 3.02.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

7

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies,
and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate
means, as to any Person, an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k))
of such Person.

Borrower
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials
has the meaning provided in Section 6.02.

Borrowing
means a borrowing of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan, as the context may require.

Borrowing Base
means, at any time of calculation, an amount equal to:

(a)the
Eligible Accounts Component; plus

(b)the
Credit Card Receivables Component; plus

(c)the
Inventory Component; minus

(d)the
then amount of all Availability Reserves.

Borrowing Base
Calculation means a calculation of the Borrowing Base, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, utilizing information certified by the Borrowers and provided to the Administrative Agent in electronic format in the Borrowing
Base portal tab in ABLSoft.

Business Day
means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that, in addition
to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be in relation to Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings,
disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing
the Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Capital Lease
Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligation of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease
of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required
to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date, and
the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing
Date.

Cash Collateralize
means providing Letter of Credit Collateralization.

Cash Dominion
Trigger Event means either (a) that Excess Availability is less than 15% of the lesser of (i) Borrowing Base
and (ii) the Aggregate Commitments, or (b) the occurrence of an Event of Default. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence
of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall be deemed continuing at the Administrative Agents option (a) so long as any Event
of Default giving rise to such Cash Dominion Trigger Event is continuing, and (b) if such Cash Dominion Trigger Event arises under
clause (a) of the preceding sentence, until Excess Availability has equaled or exceeded 15% of the lesser of (i) the Borrowing
Base and (ii) the Aggregate Commitments for 30 consecutive days, in which case a Cash Dominion Trigger Event shall no longer
be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this Agreement.

8

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by Holdings, the Borrower, or any of their respective Subsidiaries:

(a)readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality
thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and
credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof;

(b)time
deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender
that offers such deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances in the ordinary course of such Lenders business
or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal
banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as
described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $1.0 billion, in each
case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof;

(c)commercial
paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1
(or the then equivalent grade) by Moodys or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case
with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof;

(d)Investments,
classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of Holdings, the Borrower, or any of their respective Subsidiaries, in money market
investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the
highest rating obtainable from either Moodys or S&P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the
character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition; and

(e)in
the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through
(d) customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short term cash management purposes.

CERCLA
means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980.

CERCLIS
means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Information System maintained by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency.

CFC
means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code.

9

Change in Law
means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following: (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law,
rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (c) compliance by any Lender or L/C Issuer (or, for purposes of Section 3.03(b),
by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company, if any) with any request, guideline,
requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this
Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the
implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the
date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

Change of Control
means an event or series of events by which:

(a)any
person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee,
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan that in each case is not acting in concert with another Person) other than
the Permitted Holders becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person
or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option
right)), directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the equity securities of Holdings entitled to vote for members of the board
of directors or equivalent governing body of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such
person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or

(b)Holdings
shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the Equity Interests in the Borrower; or

(c)a
change of control or any comparable term under, and as defined in, the Term Loan Documents or any other instrument, document
or agreement governing Material Indebtedness shall have occurred, in any case that gives the holders thereof the right to require Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, offer to repurchase or immediately repay such Indebtedness.

Chapter 11 Cases
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraphs hereto.

Chapter 11 Debtors
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraphs hereto.

Class
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Committed Loans
or Swing Line Loans, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Commitment or a Swing Line Commitment
and when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a single class.

Closing Date
means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.01.

10

Closing
Date Equity Holders means any investment vehicle, fund, account or subaccount that is managed or otherwise controlled
by any of the following entities or any Affiliate of any of the following entities: (i) American Money Management Corp.,
(ii) Arbour Lane Capital Management, L.P., (iii) CrossingBridge Advisors, LLC, (iv) Glendon Capital Management L.P., (v) Golub
Capital LLC, (vi) HPS Investment Partners, LLC, (vii) JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., (viii) LCM Asset Management LLC, (ix) Loomis
Sayles & Company L.P., (x) MJX Asset Management LLC, (xi) Nassau Global Credit LLC, (xii) Tikehau Capital North
America LLC, (xiii) Z Capital Credit Partners LLC and (xiv) ZAIS Group LLC.

CME Term SOFR
Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a
successor administrator).

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
means all of the Collateral and Mortgaged Property or Trust Property, as applicable, referred
to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be
subject to Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Credit Parties.

Collateral Agent
means Eclipse in its capacity as collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral agent as provided in Section 9.06.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Swedish Pledge Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreement,
the Mortgages, the Control Agreements, the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the Mortgages, collateral assignments, security agreements,
pledge agreements, control agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Sections 6.12
and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Credit Parties.

Commercial Letter
of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with
the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor in the ordinary course of business of such
Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor.

Commitment
means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01, (b) purchase
participations in L/C Obligations, (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans and (d) [reserved], in an aggregate principal
amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01
under the caption Commitment or in the applicable Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party
hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement including, without limitation,
pursuant to Section 2.03.

Commitment Fee
has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a).

Commitment Letter
means the $140 Million Senior Secured (a) Debtor-in-Possession Revolving Credit Facility and (b) Exit Revolving Credit Facility
Commitment Letter, dated December 21, 2024, by and among the Borrower, Holdings and Eclipse Business Capital LLC, including all
exhibits, annexes, schedules and other attachments thereto, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.

Committed Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

Commodity Exchange
Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

11

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

Concentration
Account has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(b).

Confirmation
Order means the Order Approving (I) the Debtors Disclosure Statement and (II) Confirming First Amended
Prepackaged Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Container Store Group, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates Under Chapter 11 of The Bankruptcy
Code entered on January 24, 2025.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated
means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test,
statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results
of such Person and its Subsidiaries.

Contractual
Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument
or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Control Agreement
has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(ii).

Controlled Account
has the meaning provided in Section 6.13(a)(ii).

Controlled Account
Bank means each bank with whom deposit accounts are maintained in which any funds of any of the Loan Parties from one
or more DDAs are concentrated, and, in each case, with whom a Control Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Corresponding
Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment
period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Cost
means the calculated cost of purchases, based upon the Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors accounting practices, known
to the Administrative Agent, which practices are in effect on the Closing Date as such calculated cost is determined from invoices received
by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors purchase journals or the Borrowers
and Subsidiary Guarantors stock ledger. Cost includes inventory capitalization costs and other non-purchase price
charges (such as duty, brokerage, freight and expenses related to design, raw material procurement and quality control) used in the Borrowers
or the Subsidiary Guarantors calculation of cost of goods sold.

Covered Entity
means any of the following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b).

12

Covered Party
has the meaning specified in Section 11.22.

Credit Card
Advance Rate means 100%.

Credit Card
Receivables Component means the face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables multiplied by the Credit Card Advance
Rate.

Credit Extensions
mean each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Credit Party
means, individually, and Credit Parties means collectively, the following: (a) the Lenders and their
Affiliates, (b) the Agents, each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05,
(c) each L/C Issuer, (d) the Arranger, (e) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan
Party under any Loan Document, (f) any other Person to whom Obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents are owing
and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.

Credit Party
Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Agents, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
including without limitation (i) the reasonable and documented in reasonable detail fees, charges and disbursements of (A) internal
and external counsel for the Agents and the Arranger, provided that the Agents and the Arranger shall be entitled to be reimbursed for
no more than one external counsel and, if reasonably necessary, for one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interest
of the Lenders, in each case, selected by the Agent, absent a conflict of interest between any of such Persons where the affected Persons
inform the Borrower of such conflict, in which case the affected Persons may engage and be reimbursed for one additional counsel, (B) outside
consultants for the Agents, (C) appraisers, (D) collateral field examinations and (E) all such out-of-pocket expenses
incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Obligations and (ii) in connection with (A) [reserved],
(B) the preparation, negotiation, administration, management, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
shall be consummated), (C) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents
or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral, or (D) any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect
of any Obligations, (b) with respect to each L/C Issuer, and its Affiliates, all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand
for payment thereunder, and (c) all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit
Parties who are not the Agents, the Arranger, an L/C Issuer or any Affiliate of any of them, after the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, provided that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one internal and one external
counsel representing all such Credit Parties (absent a conflict of interest between the Credit Parties, where the affected Credit Parties
inform the Borrower of such conflict, in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for one additional counsel).

Customer Credit
Liabilities means at any time, the aggregate remaining value at such time of (a) outstanding gift certificates and
gift cards sold by the Borrower and Subsidiary Guarantors entitling the holder thereof to use all or a portion of the certificate or
gift card to pay all or a portion of the purchase price for any Inventory, and (b) outstanding merchandise credits issued by and
customer deposits received by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.

13

Customs Broker
Agreement means an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Borrower,
the Subsidiary Guarantors, a customs broker or other carrier, and the Collateral Agent, in which the customs broker or other carrier
acknowledges that it has control over and holds the documents evidencing ownership of the subject Inventory for the benefit of the Collateral
Agent and agrees, upon notice from the Collateral Agent, to hold and dispose of the subject Inventory solely as directed by the Collateral
Agent.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for
the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate
Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate
Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily
Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to
the Borrower.

DDA
means each checking or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be conclusively
presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agents and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of
the amounts on deposit in any DDA.

Debtor Relief
Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or
other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate
plus (ii) the Applicable Margin applicable to Base Rate Loans, plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided, however,
that with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable
Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal
to the Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Loans plus 2% per annum.

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable.

Defaulting Lender
means any Lender that (a) has failed, within one (1) Business Day of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund
any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Loan Party
any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder; (b) has notified the Borrower or any Loan Party in writing, or has made a
public statement, to the effect that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement
or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within one (1) Business Day after
request by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer
of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit
under this Agreement; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon
such Loan Partys receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent; or (d) has
(or whose bank holding company has) (i) been placed into receivership, conservatorship or bankruptcy or (ii) become the subject
of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not become a Defaulting Lender solely as a result of the acquisition or maintenance
of an ownership interest in such Lender or Person controlling such Lender or the exercise of control over a Lender or Person controlling
such Lender by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide
such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment
on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements
made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses
(a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender.

14

Dilution
means, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience of the immediately prior twelve (12) months, that is
the result of dividing the amount of (a) bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items
with respect to a Loan Partys Accounts during such period by (b) such Loan Partys billings with respect to Accounts
during such period.

Dilution Reserve
shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Eligible Accounts Advance Rate.

DIP ABL Facility
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraphs hereto.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease, or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback
transaction) of any property (including, without limitation, any Equity Interests or Disqualified Equity Interests of any other Person
held by a specified Person) by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any
notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, in each case, resulting in consideration to such Person (including
assumption of liabilities) for any such transaction or series of related transactions in excess of $1.0 million.

Disqualified
Equity Interests means any Equity Interests of any Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures
or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except
as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control
or sales event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and
the termination of the Commitments), or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than solely for
Qualified Equity Interests), in each case prior to the six month anniversary of the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) requires the payment
of any cash dividend or any other scheduled payment constituting a return of capital, in each case prior to the six month anniversary
of the Scheduled Maturity Date or (c) is convertible into or exchangeable for debt securities or for any Equity Interest referred
to in clause (a) above, in each case at any time prior to the six month anniversary of the Scheduled Maturity Date; provided
that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of Holdings or its Subsidiaries or by any such
plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may be required to
be repurchased by Holdings or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.

Dividing Person
has the meaning specified in the definition of Division.

15

Division
means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among
two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing
Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Division Successor
means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities
and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person
which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence
of such Division.

Dollar,
dollars and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Drawing Document
means any Letter of Credit or other document presented for purposes of drawing under any Letter of Credit, including by electronic transmission
such as SWIFT, electronic mail, facsimile or computer-generated communication.

EEA Financial
Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject
to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution
described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which
is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution
Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any
EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic Signature
means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with
the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

16

Eligible Accounts
means, at any time of determination and subject to the criteria below, an Account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, that was
generated and billed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor in the ordinary course of business, and which the Administrative Agent,
in its reasonable discretion, deems to be an Eligible Account. The net amount of an Eligible Account at any time shall be the face
amount of such Eligible Account as originally billed minus all customer deposits, unapplied cash collections and other Proceeds of such
Account received from or on behalf of the Account Debtor thereunder as of such date and any and all returns, rebates, discounts (which
may, at the Administrative Agents option, be calculated on shortest terms), credits, allowances or excise Taxes of any nature
at any time issued, owing, claimed by Account Debtors, granted, outstanding or payable in connection with such Accounts at such time.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following Accounts shall not be Eligible Accounts:

(a)the
Account Debtor is a Loan Party or an Affiliate of any Loan Party;

(b)it
remains unpaid longer than the earlier to occur of (A) 120 days after the original invoice date or (B) 60 days after the original
invoice due date;

(c)the
Account Debtor or its Affiliates are past any of the applicable dates referenced in clause (b) above on other Accounts owing to
the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor comprising more than fifty percent (50%) of all of the Accounts owing to the Borrower or such
Subsidiary Guarantor by such Account Debtor or its Affiliates;

(d)all
Accounts owing by the Account Debtor or its Affiliates represent more than thirty percent (30%) of all other Accounts; provided,
that Accounts which are deemed to be ineligible solely by reason of this clause (d) shall be considered Eligible Accounts to
the extent of the amount thereof which does not exceed thirty percent (30%) of all other Accounts;

(e)[reserved];

(f)the
Account is subject to any contra relationship, counterclaim, dispute deposit, or set-off; provided, that Accounts which are deemed
to be ineligible by reason of this clause (f) shall be considered ineligible only to the extent of such applicable contra relationship,
counterclaim, dispute or set-off;

(g)the
Account Debtors chief executive office or principal place of business is located outside of the United States, unless the Account
is (i) supported by an irrevocable letter of credit or credit insurance satisfactory to Agent in its reasonable discretion, (ii) generated
by an Account Debtor with its principal place of business in Canada (provided that the Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected
security interest in such Account in the appropriate Canadian province), or (iii) approved by Administrative Agent on a case by
case basis;

(h)it
is payable in a currency other than Dollars or Canadian Dollars;

(i)it
(i) arises from a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-or-return, sale-on-approval, consignment, retainage or any other
repurchase or return basis or (ii) consists of progress billings or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion
of performance by Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor of the subject contract for goods or services;

(j)the
Account Debtor is the United States of America or any state or political subdivision (or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof),
unless the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor has complied with the Assignment of Claims Act or other applicable similar
state or local law in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(k)it
is (a) not at all times subject to the Administrative Agents duly perfected, first-priority security interest, or (b) subject
to any other Lien, or the goods giving rise to such Account were, at the time of sale, subject to any Lien, in each case, other than
a Permitted Lien; provided that if such Account is subject to a Permitted Lien that has priority over the Administrative Agents
Lien under applicable Law, such Account shall be ineligible to the extent of such Permitted Lien (but not, for the avoidance of doubt,
in excess of the Borrower Base value of such Account);

17

(l)it
is evidenced by Chattel Paper, Promissory Note or an Instrument of any kind or has been reduced to judgment;

(m)there
are facts or circumstances existing, or which could reasonably be anticipated to occur, which could reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse change in the Account Debtors financial condition or materially impair or delay the collectability of all
or any portion of such Account;

(n)the
Administrative Agent has not been furnished with all documents and other information pertaining to such Account which the Administrative
Agent has reasonably requested, or which any Borrower is obligated to deliver to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to this Agreement;

(o)the
Borrower has made an agreement with the Account Debtor to extend the time of payment thereof beyond the time periods set forth in clause
(b) above;

(p)the
Borrower has posted a surety or other bond in respect of the contract or transaction under which such Account arose;

(q)the
Account Debtor is subject to any proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under
any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar applicable law or is subject to any Sanctions or any specially designated nationals list
maintained by OFAC or any Governmental Authority;

(r)the
sale giving rise to such Account is on cash in advance or cash on delivery terms;

(s)any
Accounts of Account Debtors against whom the materialmen, laborers or suppliers of any of the Loan Parties have Liens; provided,
that Accounts which are deemed to be ineligible by reason of this clause (r) shall be considered ineligible only to the extent of
such Liens;

(t)Accounts
that have not been earned by performance or do not represent bona fide amounts due to the Borrower from an Account Debtor;

(u)which
(i) does not arise from the sale of goods or performance of services in the ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced
by a customer statement or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent which has been sent to the Account Debtor or
(iii) relates to payments of interest;

(v)Accounts
with respect to which (A) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped and billed to the Account Debtor, or (B) the
services giving rise to such Account have not been performed and billed to the Account Debtor;

(w)the
Account Debtor on such Accounts is located in any jurisdiction which adopts a statute or other requirement that any Person that obtains
business from within such jurisdiction or is otherwise subject to such jurisdictions Tax law must file a Business Activity
Report (or other applicable report) or make any required filings in a timely manner in order to enforce its claims in such jurisdictions
courts or arising under such jurisdictions laws; provided, that such Accounts shall nonetheless be Eligible Accounts if
such the Borrower has filed a Business Activity Report (or other applicable report or required filing);

18

(x)with
respect to which any check or other instrument of payment has been returned uncollected for any reason;

(y)which
is owed by an Account Debtor (a) is a Sanctioned Person or (b) that has sold all or substantially all of its assets; or

(z)which
is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of a contract or other agreement or understanding (written
or oral) that indicates or purports that any Person other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor has or has had an ownership interest
in such goods, or which indicates any party other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor as payee or remittance party.

Eligible Accounts
Advance Rate means 85%; provided, that if Dilution exceeds five percent (5%), the Administrative Agent may, at
its option in its reasonable discretion, (A) reduce such advance rates by the number of full or partial percentage points comprising
such excess or (B) establish a Reserve on account of such excess (the Dilution Reserve).

Eligible Accounts
Component means the amount of Eligible Accounts multiplied by the Eligible Accounts Advance Rate.

Eligible Assignee
means (a) a Credit Party or any of its Affiliates; (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making
commercial loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of $250.0 million; (c) an
Approved Fund; (d) any Person to whom a Credit Party assigns its rights and obligations under this Agreement as part of an assignment
and transfer of such Credit Partys rights in and to a material portion of such Credit Partys portfolio of asset based credit
facilities, and (e) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer,
and (ii) unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(g) has occurred and is continuing,
the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible
Assignee shall not include a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries; and provided further
that any proposed assignee that would be a Fee Recipient will not be an Eligible Assignee unless such Person is a Permitted Investor.

Eligible Credit
Card Receivables means Accounts due to the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors on a non-recourse basis from Visa, Mastercard,
American Express Company, Discover, and other credit card issuer and processors acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion, as arise in the ordinary course of business (net of fees payable to the applicable credit card issuer), which have been earned
by performance, and are deemed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion to be eligible for inclusion in the calculation
of the Borrowing Base. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the following shall be deemed to be Eligible Credit Card Receivables:

(a)Accounts
due from major credit card processors that have been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the date of sale;

(b)Accounts
due from major credit card processors with respect to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor does not have good, valid and marketable
title, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the
other Credit Parties and Liens to secure the Term Facility);

19

(c)Accounts
due from major credit card processors that are not subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for
its own benefit and the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties (it being the intent that chargebacks in the ordinary course by the
credit card processors shall not be deemed violative of this clause);

(d)Accounts
due from major credit card processors which are disputed, are subject to holdbacks (provided, that such Accounts shall only be ineligible
to the extent of any such holdbacks), are with recourse, or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been
asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback);

(e)Accounts
due from major credit card processors as to which the credit card processor has the right under certain circumstances to require the
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor to repurchase the Accounts from such credit card processor;

(f)Accounts
due from any Person on account of any private label credit card receivables other than such Accounts under programs between a Loan Party
and a third party reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent where the third party retains the consumer credit exposure;

(g)Accounts
due from major credit card processors which the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion to be uncertain of collection,
or

(h)Accounts
not subject to Credit Card Notification, except Accounts with credit card processors set forth on Schedule 6.12 for a period
of 90 days following the Closing Date (or such longer period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

Eligible In-Transit
Inventory means, as of any date of determination thereof, without duplication of other Eligible Inventory, Inventory:

(a)Which
is in transit from one U.S. location of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor to another U.S. location of the Borrower or a Subsidiary
Guarantor and which otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory; or

(b)(i) Which
has been shipped by a Foreign Subsidiary or other Person from a foreign location for receipt by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor
within forty-five (45) days of the date of shipment, which has left such foreign location in a water borne vessel or is in transit from
such vessel on ground in the U.S. but has not yet been delivered to such Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor;

(ii)For
which the purchase order is in the name of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor and title has passed to such Borrower or Subsidiary
Guarantor;

(iii)For
which Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in such Inventory and all documents of title with respect to
such Inventory by either of the following: (x) the Administrative Agent shall have in its possession true and correct originals
of all applicable negotiable bills of lading covering such Inventory or (y) (i) the Administrative Agent shall be named as
the consignee on non-negotiable bills of lading covering such Inventory and (ii) the Agent shall have received a duly executed bailee
agreement from each applicable broker, freight forwarder, bailee or carrier for such Inventory, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that in the event of any change in law or judicial interpretation thereof
the Collateral Agent reasonably believes that any additional actions are required by the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor in order to
ensure that the Collateral Agent has a first priority, perfected security interest in such Inventory, the Borrower or such Subsidiary
Guarantor shall be required to take such actions in order for such Inventory to satisfy this clause (b)(iii);

20

(iv)Which,
at such time, (A) a UCC financing statement naming the Collateral Agent as secured party is on file in the appropriate UCC filing
office and (B) is not subject to any Liens in favor of Persons other than the Collateral Agent (other than any Permitted Liens);

(v)Which
is insured in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; and

(vi)Which
otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory;

provided,
that at any time, Eligible In-Transit Inventory (other than Eligible In-Transit Inventory which is in transit from one location of the
Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor to another location of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor) shall not exceed 15% (or during the
period from October 1 through December 31 of any Fiscal Year, 30%) of Eligible Inventory at such time.

Eligible Inventory
means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, (a) Eligible In-Transit Inventory and (b) items of Inventory
of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable to the public in the ordinary course
deemed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion to be eligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base,
in each case that, except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, complies with each of the representations and warranties respecting
Inventory made by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue
of one or more of the criteria set forth below. The following items of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory:

(a)Inventory
that is not solely owned by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor;

(b)Inventory
that is leased by or is on consignment to the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or as to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor
does not have good and valid title thereto;

(c)Inventory
(other than Eligible In Transit Inventory or Inventory which is the subject of an Eligible Letter of Credit) that is not located (x) in
the United States of America (excluding Puerto Rico and other territories or possessions of the United States) or (y) at a location
that is owned or leased by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, except, in the case of clause (y), to the extent that the Borrower
or the Subsidiary Guarantors have furnished the Administrative Agent with (i) any UCC financing statements or other documents that
the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to perfect its security interest in such Inventory at such location, and (ii) after
the period provided therefor in Schedule 6.19, a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the Person owning such location on terms
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent against the Eligible Inventory held at such location; provided, that in order
for Inventory at a location to be deemed Eligible Inventory, after the period provided therefor in Schedule 6.19, Collateral Access
Agreements are strictly required if such location is a distribution center or warehouse (excluding any warehouse or other storage facility
utilized by a store location for storage of inventory after shipment from a distribution center if the Cost of Inventory at such warehouse
or other storage facility is less than $2.0 million), and for locations other than distribution centers and warehouses, such a Collateral
Access Agreement shall be so required after the period provided therefor in Schedule 6.19 only if the Cost of the Inventory at
such location is greater than $2.0 million;

21

(d)Inventory
that is comprised of goods which (i) are damaged, defective, seconds, or otherwise unmerchantable, (ii) are to
be returned to the vendor, (iii) are obsolete or slow moving, or custom items, work-in-process, raw materials, or that constitute
spare parts, promotional, marketing, packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or consumed in the Borrowers or a Subsidiary
Guarantors business, (iv) are not in compliance with all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory
authority over such Inventory, its use or sale, (v) are vendor serviced merchandise not reflected in the stock ledger, (vi) are
bill and hold goods, (vii) are zero-quantity or zero-cost items, or (viii) constitute foreign exchange
rate (FX) losses reclassified to Inventory;

(e)Inventory
that (i) is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for its own benefit and
the ratable benefit of the other Credit Parties or (ii) is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens; provided that
if such Inventory is subject to a Permitted Lien that has priority over the Administrative Agents Lien under applicable Law, such
Inventory shall be ineligible to the extent of such Permitted Lien (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, in excess of the Borrower Base
value of such Inventory);

(f)Inventory
that consists of samples, labels, bags, packaging, and other similar non-merchandise categories;

(g)Inventory
that is not insured in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.07 hereof;

(h)Inventory
that has been sold but not yet delivered or as to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor has accepted a deposit;

(i)Inventory
that is subject to any licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with any third party from which the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement, which would materially interfere with the
use of such license, patent, trademark, trade name or copyright by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(j)Inventory
acquired in an acquisition permitted under Section 7.03, unless and until the Collateral Agent has completed or received
(i) an appraisal of such Inventory from appraisers satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, establishes an inventory advance rate and
Inventory Reserves (if applicable) therefor, and otherwise agrees that such Inventory shall be deemed Eligible Inventory, and (ii) such
other due diligence as the Agents may require, all of the results of the foregoing to be reasonably satisfactory to the Agents.

Eligible Letter
of Credit means, as of any date of determination thereof, a Commercial Letter of Credit which supports the purchase of
Inventory, (a) which Inventory does not constitute Eligible In-Transit Inventory and for which no documents of title have then been
issued; (b) which Inventory otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory, (c) which Commercial Letter of Credit has an expiry
within forty-five (45) days of the date of determination, and (d) which Commercial Letter of Credit provides that it may be drawn
only after the Inventory is completed and after documents of title have been issued for such Inventory reflecting the Borrower, a Subsidiary
Guarantor, or the Collateral Agent as consignee of such Inventory.

22

Enhanced Collateral
Trigger Event means that Excess Availability is less than 17.5% of the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the
Aggregate Commitments. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence of an Enhanced Collateral Trigger Event shall be deemed continuing
until Excess Availability has equaled or exceeded 17.5% of the lesser of (i) Borrowing Base and (ii) the Aggregate Commitments
for 30 consecutive days, in which case an Enhanced Collateral Trigger Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes
of this Agreement.

Environmental
Laws means any and all Federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, common law, judgments,
orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises or licenses, relating to pollution or the protection of the environment or
the Release or threat of Release of any hazardous substances, materials or wastes (including Hazardous Materials) into the environment
or human health (to the extent related to exposure to Hazardous Materials), or generation, storage, treatment, transport or handling
of any Hazardous Materials.

Environmental
Liability means any liability, whether pending or threatened (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental
remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly
or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation,
storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened
Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant
to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental
Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental
Law.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all
of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other
ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such
shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or
trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are
outstanding on any date of determination.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any entity under common control with Holdings and the Borrower and which Holdings or the Borrower would be treated as a single
employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

23

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of
ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) with respect
to any Pension Plan, a failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303
of ERISA, whether or not waived; (d) a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status
(as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code); (e) a complete or partial withdrawal
(within the meanings of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) by Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan
or receipt by Holdings or the Borrower of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is insolvent (within the meanings of Section 4245
of ERISA) or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305
of ERISA); (f) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041
or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate under Section 4042 of ERISA a Pension Plan or Multiemployer
Plan; (g) the appointment of a trustee to administer under Section 4042 of ERISA any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or
(h) with respect to any Pension Plan the imposition of a lien or the posting of a bond or other security pursuant to Section 436(f) of
the Code or Section 206(g)(5) of ERISA.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person),
as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. An Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless and
until that Event of Default has been duly waived as provided in Section 11.01.

Excess Availability
means, as of any date of determination thereof by the Administrative Agent, the result, if a positive number, of:

(a)The
lesser of:

(i)the
Borrowing Base; or

(ii)the
Aggregate Commitments; minus

(b)The
aggregate of the outstanding Credit Extensions.

Excess Swing
Line Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).

Excluded Account
means any (a) deposit account which is used solely for purposes of funding payroll, payroll taxes, employee benefit payments, (b) deposit
accounts which are zero balance accounts, (c) other controlled disbursement accounts, (d) escrow, trust or other fiduciary
accounts, (e) petty cash accounts, (f) deposit accounts to the extent holding funds from unredeemed gift cards, (g) cash
collateral accounts securing obligations to the extent permitted to be cash collateralized hereunder and (h) other deposit accounts
with a demand deposit balance not exceeding $10,000 individually and $100,000 in the aggregate at any time.

24

Excluded Property
means (i) any permit, lease, license or contract held by any Loan Party that validly prohibits the creation by such Loan Party of
a security interest therein; (ii) any property or assets held by any Loan Party to the extent that any requirement of Law applicable
thereto prohibits the creation of a security interest therein; (iii) equipment owned by any Loan Party on the date hereof or hereafter
acquired that is subject to a Lien securing indebtedness incurred for purposes of financing such item of equipment (a Purchase
Money Obligation) or Capital Lease Obligation permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.02 if the contract
or other agreement in which such Lien is granted (or the documentation providing for such Purchase Money Obligation or Capital Lease
Obligation) validly prohibits the creation of any other Lien on such equipment; and (iv) any property for which attaching a security
interest would result in the forfeiture of the applicable Loan Partys rights over the property (including any intent-to-use application
for trademark or service mark registration prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment
to Allege Use with respect thereto, solely during the period in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the
validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use trademark or service mark application under applicable
federal law); provided, that (a) such property shall constitute Excluded Property only to the extent and for
so long as, in each case described in clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition, such permit, lease, license, contract or
other agreement, requirement of Law, or negative pledge provision applicable thereto validly prohibits the creation of a Lien on such
property in favor of the Collateral Agent (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407(a), 9-408, and 9-409 of the UCC or other similar
provisions of applicable law) and, upon the termination of such prohibition (howsoever occurring), such property shall cease to constitute
Excluded Property and (b) Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded
Property (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Property). Except with respect to the
Swedish Pledge Agreement and as specified by the Collateral Agent, no Loan Party shall be required to take any action under the Law of
any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create or perfect a security interest in any assets located outside the United States or any other assets
that require such action, including any intellectual property registered in any non-U.S. jurisdiction (and no security agreements or
pledge agreements governed under the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required), including any intellectual property registered
in any non-U.S. jurisdiction (and no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall
be required).

Excluded Swap
Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of
the guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee
thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Partys failure for any reason to constitute
an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time such
Loan Partys obligations under the last paragraph of Section 10.01 become effective with respect to such related Swap
Obligation.

Excluded Taxes
means, with respect to the Agents, any Lender, each L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any
obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), franchise
taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes) and branch profits taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient
being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located
in, the jurisdiction imposing such tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in
the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 11.13), any U.S.
federal withholding tax to the extent imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party
hereto (or designates a new Lending Office) except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at
the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such
withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.01; (c) taxes attributable to a recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(g),
3.01(h) or 3.01(i) and (d) any tax imposed under FATCA.

Existing Letters
of Credit means the Letters of Credit set forth on Schedule 2.03.

Facility
means the Commitments, Loans and other Credit Extensions under this Agreement.

25

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement, (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into
in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement.

Federal Funds
Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions
by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time) and published
on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective
Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letter
means the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower and Eclipse, as such letter agreement may from time to time
be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Fee Recipient
means any Person (other than the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such) that will be entitled to receive any payment of fees (however
denominated), including, without limitation, any Commitment Fee or any Letter of Credit Fee.

First Priority
means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created on any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is the
most senior Lien to which such Collateral is subject (subject to, in the case of Mortgages, Permitted Encumbrances).

Fiscal Month
means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year.

Fiscal Quarter
means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year.

Fiscal Year
means any period of twelve consecutive Fiscal Months ending on the Saturday closest to March 31 in each calendar year (except for
53-week years).

Flood Documentation
means, with respect to each Mortgaged Property located in the United States or any territory thereof, (i) a completed life-of-loan
Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard determination (together with a notice about Special Flood Hazard Area status
and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower and the applicable Loan Party relating thereto) and (ii) a copy of,
or a certificate as to coverage under, and a declaration page relating to, the insurance policies required by Section 6.07
hereof and the applicable provisions of the Collateral Documents, each of which shall (A) be endorsed or otherwise amended to
include a standard or New York lenders loss payable or mortgagee endorsement (as applicable), (B) name
the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Credit Parties, as additional insured and loss payee/mortgagee and (C) identify the address
of each property located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, the applicable flood zone designation and the flood insurance coverage and deductible
relating thereto and (iii) be otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Flood Insurance
Laws means, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (iii) the
National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iv) the Flood Insurance
Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

26

Floor
means 2.00%.

Foreign Lender
means any Lender or L/C Issuer that is not, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident
of the United States, (b) a corporation, partnership or other entity treated as a corporation or partnership created or organized
in or under the laws of the United States, or any political subdivision thereof, (c) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal
income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision
over the administration of such trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of
such trust. In addition, solely for purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, a Foreign Lender
shall include a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership created or organized in or under the laws of the United States,
or any political subdivision thereof, but only to the extent the partners of such partnership (including indirect partners if the direct
partners are partnerships or other entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes created or organized in or under
the laws of the United States, or any political subdivision thereof) are treated as Foreign Lenders under the preceding sentence.

Foreign Plan
means any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to by, or entered into with, Holdings,
the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to employees employed by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary outside the United States
that is not subject to the laws of the United States.

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in
commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time; provided, however, that if the Borrower
notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change
occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through the adoption of IFRS) on the operation of such
provisions (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof
for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (including
through the adoption of IFRS), then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether
state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national
bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

27

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, without duplication (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect,
(i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation,
(ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness
or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital,
equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to
enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring
in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or
to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing
any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed
by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that
the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business.
The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to, with respect to clause (a) above, the stated or determinable
amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable,
the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith or, with respect
to clause (b) above, the fair market value of the property subject to (or contemplated to be subject to) such Lien as determined
by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantors
means, collectively, Holdings and each Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower.

Guaranty
means the guaranty contained in Article X hereof made by the Guarantors in favor of the Credit Parties.

Hazardous Materials
means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including
petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical
wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated or defined as hazardous or toxic (or words of similar import) pursuant
to any Environmental Law.

Holdings
has the meaning specified in the Preliminary Statements.

IFRS
means International Financial Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the International Accounting Standards
Board or any successor thereto (or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, or any successor to either such Board, or the SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time.

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities
in accordance with GAAP:

(a)all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b)the
maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions that may have been reimbursed) of all direct or contingent obligations
of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial letters of credit), bankers acceptances, bank
guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

28

(c)net
obligations of such Person under Swap Contracts;

(d)all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in
the ordinary course of business which are being disputed in good faith by appropriate proceedings or which are not past due for more
than 120 days after the date on which such trade account was created, (ii) any bona fide earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment
until such obligation is not paid after becoming due and payable and (iii) accounts for payroll and other liabilities in the ordinary
course of business);

(e)indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person
or is limited in recourse;

(f)all
Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and all Synthetic Debt
of such Person;

(g)all
obligations of such Person to in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests; and

(h)all
Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is
itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness
is non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination
Value thereof as of such date. The amount of outstanding Indebtedness as of any date shall be the principal amount or accreted value
thereof at such date.

Indemnified
Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation
of any Loan Party under any Loan Document.

Indemnitee
has the meaning specified in Section 11.04(b).

Independent
Financial Advisor means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing
that is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is independent
of the Borrower and its Affiliates.

Information
has the meaning specified in Section 11.07.

Intellectual
Property means all present and future: trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information; trademarks, internet
domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans, indicia of origin, and other source and/or
business identifiers, and all registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world; copyrights
and copyright applications; unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable); patents and patent applications; license agreements related
to any of the foregoing; all other intellectual property; and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the
foregoing.

Intercreditor
Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Collateral Agent and
the Term Loan Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

29

Interest Payment
Date means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the first Business Day after the
end of each calendar month, upon any prepayment and the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) [reserved], and (c) with respect to any
Term Benchmark Loan, the first day of each calendar month, upon any prepayment and the Scheduled Maturity Date.

Inventory
has the meaning given that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all: (a) goods which (i) are leased
by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are
furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed
in a business; (b) goods of said description in transit; (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected;
and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing.

Inventory Component
means (a) Eligible Inventory, net of Inventory Reserves, valued at cost, multiplied by (b) the Appraised Value Percentage,
multiplied by 100%.

Inventory Reserves
means such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the Administrative Agents reasonable
discretion which negatively affect the saleability, at retail, of the Eligible Inventory or which reflect such other factors as negatively
affect the market value of the Eligible Inventory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Inventory Reserves may include
(but are not limited to) reserves based on:

(a)Obsolescence;

(b)Seasonality;

(c)[reserved];

(d)[reserved];

(e)Change
in Inventory character;

(f)Change
in Inventory composition;

(g)Change
in Inventory mix;

(h)Markdowns
(both permanent and point of sale);

(i)Retail
markdowns and markups inconsistent with prior period practice and performance, industry standards, current business plans or advertising
calendar and planned advertising events; and

(j)Out-of-date
and/or expired Inventory.

Investment
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or
other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption
of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition
(in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of another Person or of the assets of another
Person that constitute a discrete business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount
actually invested (measured at the time made (which, in the case of any Investment constituting the contribution of an asset or property,
shall be based on the Borrowers good faith estimate of the fair market value of such asset or property at the time such Investment
is made)), without adjustment for subsequent changes in the value of such Investment, net of any return representing a return of capital
with respect to such Investment.

30

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

ISDA Definitions
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto,
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time
to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

ISP
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International
Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).

Issuer Documents
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered
into by any L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary Guarantor) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter
of Credit.

Landlord Lien
State means such state(s) in which a landlords claim for rent has priority over the lien of the Collateral
Agent in any of the Collateral (including, without limitation, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Washington).

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, laws (including common law), treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, judgments, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each
case whether or not having the force of law.

L/C Credit Extension
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount
thereof.

L/C Issuer
means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, BMO, Capital One, Truist Bank, or any other Person that, at the request of Borrower and
with the consent of the Administrative Agent, agrees, in such Persons sole discretion to become an L/C Issuer for the purpose
of issuing Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03.

L/C Obligations
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus
the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all Letter of Credit Disbursements. For purposes of computing the amounts available
to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.07.
For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still
be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding
in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.

Lease
means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use
or occupancy of any space in a structure, land, improvements or premises for any period of time.

31

Lender
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each
of which is referred to herein as a Lender; as the context requires, the term Lender
includes the Swing Line Lender.

Lending Office
means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire,
or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Letter of Credit
means any letter of credit issued hereunder.

Letter of Credit
Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time
to time in use by any L/C Issuer.

Letter of Credit
Collateralization means any of the following, at the option of the Borrower:

(a)providing
cash collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including that the Administrative Agent
has a first priority perfected Lien in such cash collateral) to be held by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving
Lenders in an amount equal to 105% of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage;

(b)delivering
to the Administrative Agent documentation executed by all beneficiaries under the Letters of Credit, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer, terminating all of such beneficiaries rights under the
Letters of Credit;

(c)providing
the Administrative Agent with a standby letter of credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
from a commercial bank acceptable to the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) in an amount equal to 105% of the then existing
Letter of Credit Usage; or

(d)the
Borrower making other arrangements with respect to the Letters of Credit of the applicable L/C Issuer satisfactory to such L/C Issuer
in its sole discretion.

Letter of Credit
Disbursement means a payment made by an L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

Letter of Credit
Expiration Date means the day that is five days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if such day is not a Business
Day, the next preceding Business Day.

Letter of Credit
Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(c).

Letter of Credit
Sublimit means an amount equal to $15.0 million. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the
Aggregate Commitments. A permanent reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall not require a corresponding pro rata reduction in the
Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided, however, that if the Aggregate Commitments are reduced to an amount less than the
Letter of Credit Sublimit, then the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be reduced to an amount equal to (or, at the Borrowers option,
less than) the Aggregate Commitments.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, preference, or priority
in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement,
any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to Real Estate, and any capital lease having substantially the same economic
effect as any of the foregoing).

32

Liquidation
means the exercise by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to such Agents under the Loan
Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the
occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Administrative Agent,
of any public, private or going out of business sale or other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral.
Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate) are used with like meaning in this Agreement.

Loan
means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or any Swing Line
Loan.

Loan Account
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a).

Loan Documents
means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) [reserved], (c) the Collateral Documents, (d) the Fee Letter, (e) [reserved]
and (f) any agreement entered into after the Closing Date between or among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and/or any other
Credit Party or any of their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby which, in the case
of this clause (f), is specified by its terms as a Loan Document hereunder.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Material Adverse
Effect means (a) any change, circumstance, event or effect that would be materially adverse to the assets, liabilities,
business, financial condition or results of operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment
of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability
of any of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a
material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary
of any Loan Document to which it is a party; provided, that, the Chapter 11 Cases, the entry of the Confirmation Order and the
facts disclosed publicly in the filings made in connection therewith and the consummation of the Approved Plan of Reorganization in accordance
with such Approved Plan of Reorganization shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Indebtedness
means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
$15.0 million for all such Persons. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations
in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof.

Material Intellectual
Property means any Intellectual Property that, individually or in the aggregate, is material to the operation of the business
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Material Subsidiary
means, at any date of determination, any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets at the last day of the most
recently ended Measurement Period were equal to or greater than 5% of the Consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
at such date, or (b) whose gross revenues for such Measurement Period were equal to or greater than 5% of the Consolidated gross
revenues of Holdings and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP.

33

Maximum Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 11.09.

Measurement
Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of Holdings and
its Subsidiaries for which financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) have been, or were required
to have been, delivered for the applicable fiscal period.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage
means any deed of trust, trust deed, deed to secure debt, mortgage or other similar instrument, as applicable, creating a real property
Lien on and security interest in Real Estate in favor of Collateral Agent on behalf of the Credit Parties, in each case in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

Mortgage Policy
has the meaning specified in Section 6.12(b).

Mortgaged Property
means each parcel of Real Estate owned in fee by any Loan Party, if any, which shall be subject to a Mortgage pursuant to Section 6.12.

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which Holdings,
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or
been obligated to make contributions on behalf of participants who are or were employed by any of them.

Net Cash Proceeds
means with respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of cash and
Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment
pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (b) the sum of (i) the
principal amount of any Indebtedness (plus any premium or other required payment on account thereof) that is secured by a Lien having
priority over the Lien of the Collateral Agent (if any) on the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with
such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, but including, the payment of the proceeds from any Term Priority
Collateral in reduction of the Indebtedness under the Term Facility) and (ii) the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such transaction.

Notes
means the promissory notes of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit E, each payable to a Lender, evidencing the
Loans made by the Lenders, as each may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.

Notice of Borrowing
means a notice of a Borrowing, which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1.

NPL
means the National Priorities List under CERCLA.

NYFRB
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB Rate
means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding
Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that
if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal
funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day to the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing
selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed
to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

34

NYFRBs
Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligations
means all debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties
of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit (including payments in respect
of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral therefor), whether direct or indirect
(including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including
interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims
in such proceeding.

Organization
Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws
(or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited
liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any
partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable
agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with
its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if
applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Agents, any Lender, each L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made
by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such
recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become
a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any
other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies (including any
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto) arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document
or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Outstanding
Amount means (a) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal
amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case
may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such
date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C
Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

Overadvance
means a Credit Extension to the extent that, immediately after its having been made, Excess Availability is less than zero.

35

Overnight Bank
Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions
denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the
NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as
an overnight bank funding rate.

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d).

Participant
Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d).

Payment
has the meaning specified in Section 9.18(a).

Payment Conditions
means, and will be deemed to be satisfied with respect to any particular action as to which the satisfaction of the Payment Conditions
is being determined if, after giving effect to the taking of such action:

(a)no
Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making such payment;

(b)Excess
Availability for each day in the 60-day period prior to such action and on the date of such proposed action (after giving pro forma effect
to such payment or transaction) would exceed 25% of the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the Aggregate Commitments;
and

(c)the
Administrative Agent has received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying as to the calculations and satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in foregoing clauses (a) and (b) above, which calculations shall be true and correct in all
material respects.

Payment Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 9.18(b).

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

PCAOB
means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

Pension Plan,
means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer
Plan, that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by Holdings, the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate or to which Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the
case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during
the immediately preceding five plan years on behalf of participants who are or were employed by any of them.

Perfection Certificate
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit H-1 or any other form approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented
from time to time by a Perfection Certificate Supplement or otherwise.

Perfection Certificate
Supplement means a certificate supplement in the form of Exhibit H-2 or any other form approved by the Collateral
Agent.

Permitted Encumbrances
has the meaning specified in the Mortgages.

36

Permitted Holdco
Debt means Indebtedness of Holdings that (a) is not subject to any Guarantee by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary,
(b) will not mature prior to the date that is 180 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, (c) has no scheduled amortization
or mandatory redemption of principal (excluding customary offers to purchase under certain circumstances, such as a change in
control) prior to the date that is 180 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, (d) does not require or permit payments in
cash of interest or other amounts in the nature of interest prior to the date that is 180 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, (e) is
subordinated to the Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (f) is unsecured, (g) is not convertible
into or exchangeable for any Indebtedness or Equity Interests other than Equity Interests in Holdings (other than Disqualified Equity
Interests) on market terms, (h) has covenants, defaults and remedies provisions customary for senior discount notes of an issuer
that is the parent of a borrower under senior credit facilities, and (i) the net proceeds from which are contributed by Holdings
to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries for its general corporate purposes.

Permitted Holders
means (i) Closing Date Equity Holders and (ii) any person that, directly or indirectly, holds or acquires beneficial ownership
of 100% on a fully diluted basis of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of Holdings, and of which no other any person
or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding
any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary
or administrator of any such plan that in each case is not acting in concert with another Person), other than any of the other Permitted
Holders, (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be
deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such
right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)) more than 50% of the
equity securities of Holdings entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of Holdings on a fully-diluted
basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant
to any option right).

Permitted Indebtedness
has the meaning specified in Section 7.02.

Permitted Investor
means any Fee Recipient that, with respect to all payments of fees (however denominated) to be paid under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, is entitled to a complete exemption from United States Federal withholding tax at the time such Person becomes a party
to this Agreement (and absent a subsequent change in law, at all times thereafter); provided that any Person claiming an exemption
with respect to fees pursuant to Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, (directly or indirectly through
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY) will not be a Permitted Investor unless such exemption is based on the business profits
or other income articles of a tax treaty to which the United States is a party; and provided further that a Person
shall not be a Permitted Investor unless it provides the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with one or more executed original copies
(as requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or its successor form) or the applicable
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (or its successor form) no later than the date such Person becomes a party.

Permitted Lien
has the meaning specified in Section 7.01.

Permitted Overadvance
means an Overadvance made by the Administrative Agent, in its discretion, which:

(a)Is
made to maintain, protect or preserve the Collateral and/or the Credit Parties rights under the Loan Documents or which is otherwise
for the benefit of the Credit Parties; or

37

(b)Is
made to enhance the likelihood of, or to maximize the amount of, repayment of any Obligation;

(c)Is
made to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder; and

(d)Together
with all other Permitted Overadvances then outstanding, shall not (i) exceed five percent (5%) of the Borrowing Base in the aggregate
outstanding at any time or (ii) unless a Liquidation is taking place, remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) consecutive
Business Days, or (iii) be made on more than two occasions in any 180 day period;

provided,
however, that the foregoing shall not (i) modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding
the Lenders obligations with respect to L/C Obligations, or (ii) result in any claim or liability against the Administrative
Agent (regardless of the amount of any Overadvance) for inadvertent Overadvances (i.e., where an Overadvance results
from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Administrative Agent (such as a reduction in the collateral value)), and such inadvertent
Overadvances shall not reduce the amount of Permitted Overadvances allowed hereunder, and providedfurther that in no event
shall the Administrative Agent make an Overadvance, if after giving effect thereto, the principal amount of the Credit Extensions would
exceed the Aggregate Commitments (as in effect prior to any termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, hereof).

Permitted Protest
means the protest by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Lien (other than any such Lien that secures the Obligations), taxes, or rental
payment, provided that (a) a reserve with respect to such obligation is established on the books and records of the applicable
Person in such amount (if any) to the extent required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is prosecuted diligently by the Borrower
or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, in good faith, by appropriate proceedings, and (c) such protest effectively suspends collection
of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation.

Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any
Indebtedness of such Person (or any successor of such Person) by such Person or its successor; provided, that (a) the principal
or committed amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the sum of (i) the outstanding principal or committed
amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended plus (ii) prepayment
premiums and other reasonable amounts paid, and fees (including original issue discount and upfront fees) and expenses reasonably incurred,
in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, (b) other than with regard to Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(e) or Section 7.02(g), such modification,
refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has (i) a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of the
Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and (ii) a weighted average life to maturity equal to or
greater than the weighted average life to maturity of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) if
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is Subordinated Indebtedness, such modification, refinancing,
refunding, renewal or extension (i) is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable, taken
as a whole, to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Subordinated Indebtedness being modified, refinanced,
refunded, renewed or extended, (ii) does not require payments of cash interest prior to the date that is six months following the
maturity date of the Indebtedness being refinanced in amounts greater than was required by the Indebtedness being refinanced, and (iii) contains
covenants and events of default that are not more restrictive taken as a whole than the covenants and events of default contained in
the documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), and (d) no property
of any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall constitute collateral security for the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed,
or extended other than any Permitted Liens.

38

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership,
Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established or maintained
by Holdings, the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any
ERISA Affiliate.

Plan Asset Regulations
means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

Platform
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Pledge Agreement
means the Pledge Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, together with each other pledge
agreement and pledge agreement supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(ii), as amended.

Pledged Debt
means any debt instrument constituting Collateral under any of the Collateral Documents.

Pledged Equity
means any certificated equity security constituting Collateral under any of the Collateral Documents.

Prepetition
Appraisal means the inventory appraisal dated August 27, 2024 by Gordon Brothers Asset Advisors, LLC, provided by
Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street
Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15
(519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate
quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the FRB (as determined by the Administrative Agent).
Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

Public Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Real Estate
means all Leases and all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter
owned by any Loan Party.

Reference Time
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means, (a) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago
time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) [reserved]
or (c) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Register
has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(c).

39

Registered Public
Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws and shall be independent of Holdings and its Subsidiaries
as prescribed by the Securities Laws.

Regulation
T means Regulation T of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder
or thereof.

Regulation U
means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Regulation X
means Regulation X of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors
of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, dispersing, or migrating of any Hazardous Material into or through the environment.

Relevant
Governmental Body means the FRB and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB and/or the
NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.

Relevant
Rate means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate.

Reportable Event
means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been
waived by regulation.

Reports
has the meaning provided in Section 9.12(b).

Request for
Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing of Committed Loans, a Notice of Borrowing, (b) with respect
to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Notice of Borrowing.

Required Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, (a) if there are less than three Lenders at such time, all Lenders, and (b) if there
are three or more Lenders at such time, (i) Lenders holding more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitments or, (ii) if the Aggregate
Commitments of the Lenders to make Loans and the obligation of the Administrative Agent to cause the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions
have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total Outstandings (with
the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being
deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of
the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required
Lenders.

Reserves
means all (if any) Inventory Reserves and Availability Reserves.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

40

Responsible
Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, any executive
or senior vice president, vice president of finance and treasury, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party or any
of the other officers designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized
signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible
Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action
on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Payment
means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries with
respect to any Equity Interest of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (whether
in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement,
defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries direct or indirect stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business, and any
successor thereto.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Closing Date, the
so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the
Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine).

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union or any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority,
(b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person
or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions.

Sanctions
means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S.
government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department
of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury
of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority.

Scheduled Maturity
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(a).

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second
Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Term Priority Collateral pursuant to any Collateral
Document, that such Lien is second in priority only to the Liens created under the Term Loan Documents in accordance with the Intercreditor
Agreement (subject to (a) in the case of Mortgages, Permitted Encumbrances, and (b) otherwise, Permitted Liens).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

41

Securities Laws
means the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (in each case, as amended), and the applicable
accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB.

Security Agreement
means the Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, together with each other security
agreement and security agreement supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(ii), as amended.

Settlement Date
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).

Shrink
means Inventory which has been lost, misplaced, stolen, or is otherwise unaccounted for.

SOFR
means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators
Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured
overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR
Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR
Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the
fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such
Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay
the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and
does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they
mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for
which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts
and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent
liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time,
represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Standard Letter
of Credit Practice means, for any L/C Issuer, any domestic or foreign law or letter of credit practices applicable in
the city in which such L/C Issuer issued the applicable Letter of Credit or, for its branch or correspondent, such laws and practices
applicable in the city in which it has advised, confirmed or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, in each case, (a) which
letter of credit practices are of banks that regularly issue letters of credit in the particular city, and (b) which laws or letter
of credit practices are required or permitted under ISP or UCP, as chosen in the applicable Letter of Credit.

Stated Amount
means at any time the maximum amount for which a Letter of Credit may be honored.

42

Store
means any retail store (which includes any real property, Fixtures, Equipment, Inventory and other property related thereto) operated,
or to be operated, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Subordinated
Indebtedness means all Indebtedness of a Loan Party that is subordinate in right of payment to any or all of the Obligations
pursuant to subordination provisions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which provide, without limitation, (a) for
a maturity after the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) that such Indebtedness is unsecured, (c) that no principal payments shall
be required to be made until after the Scheduled Maturity Date, and (d) that interest shall accrue and be payable in cash at a market
rate of interest, subject to the right of the Administrative Agent to impose a payment blockage period upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of any Event of Default. In no event shall Disqualified Equity Interests be deemed Subordinated Indebtedness.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned,
or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of Holdings.

Subsidiary Guarantors
means collectively, all Subsidiaries of the Borrower other than (i) any Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) any Subsidiary owned directly
or indirectly by a Foreign Subsidiary or (iii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax
purposes if substantially all of the assets of such Domestic Subsidiary consist of Equity Interests in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries.

Supermajority
Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) if there are less than three Lenders at such time, all Lenders,
and (b) if there are three or more Lenders at such time, (i) Lenders holding more than 75% of the Aggregate Commitments or,
(ii) if the Commitments of the Lenders to make Loans and the obligation of the Administrative Agent to cause the L/C Issuers to
make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 75%
of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations
and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment
of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making
a determination of Supermajority Lenders.

Survey
means a survey of any Mortgaged Property (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer
licensed to perform surveys in the jurisdiction where such Mortgaged Property is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than
six months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within six months prior to such date of delivery any
exterior construction on the site of such Mortgaged Property or any easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property
has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Mortgaged Property which, in either case,
can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) after the completion of such construction
or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier than 20 days prior to such date of delivery,
or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest in the Mortgaged Property, provided that
with respect to any of the Mortgaged Properties described on Schedule 5.08(c) where no new construction has occurred
since the most recent survey and no new encumbrances have been created since the date of such survey, a survey affidavit of no change
shall satisfy the provisions of this clause (ii), (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with
the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation
of such survey, and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the title insurance policy
(or commitment) relating to such Mortgaged Property and issue the endorsements of the type required by Section 6.12, or (b) otherwise
acceptable to the Collateral Agent.

43

Swap Contract
means any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity
options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward
bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions,
floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts,
or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing),
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes
a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date
referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined
based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Swedish Credit
Facility means the Master Credit Agreement, dated March 18, 2019, between Elfa International AB and Nordea Bank Abp,
filial i Sverige, including any related notes, guarantees and collateral documents executed in connection therewith, and in each case
as amended, restated, modified, refinanced, renewed, refunded, restructured or replaced in any manner.

Swedish Pledge
Agreement means that certain Share Pledge Agreement to be entered into after the Closing Date (in accordance with Section 6.19)
between the Borrower, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent.

Swing Line
means the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swing Line Lender
means Eclipse in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder.

Swing Line Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).

Swing Line Sublimit
means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $15.0 million and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part
of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.

44

Synthetic Debt
means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions
entered into by such Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions
that function primarily as a borrowing) but are not otherwise included in the definition of Indebtedness or as a liability
on the Consolidated balance sheet of such Person and the Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

Synthetic Lease
Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under an agreement for the use or possession of property (including
sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which,
upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard
to accounting treatment).

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate.

Term Facility
shall mean the term loan credit facility evidenced by the Term Loan Documents, including commitments and loans thereunder.

Term Loan Agent
shall mean, collectively, Acquiom Agency Services LLC and Seaport Loan Products LLC, as co-administrative agents and Acquiom Agency Services
LLC, as collateral agent under the Term Loan Agreement.

Term Loan Agreement
shall mean that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the other guarantors from
time to time party thereto, the lenders party from time to time party thereto, and the Term Loan Agent, as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.

Term Loan Documents
shall mean the Term Loan Agreement, any note issued thereunder and the other Loan Documents under and as defined in the
Term Loan Agreement, as each may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Term Loan Obligations
shall mean the Obligations as defined in the Term Loan Agreement.

Term Loans
shall mean the loans now or hereafter made by or on behalf of any lender under the Term Loan Agreement or by the Term Loan Agent pursuant
to the Term Facility as set forth therein in the Term Loan Agreement.

Term Priority
Collateral shall have the meaning specified therefor in the Intercreditor Agreement.

Term SOFR Determination
Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Rate
means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for a tenor of one-month, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00
a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of each calendar month, as such rate
is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

45

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), and for any
tenor of one month, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the
forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR
Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Title Company
means any title insurance company as shall be retained by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent.

Total Outstandings
means, on any date, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations, after giving effect to any borrowings or repayments
of Loans occurring on such date.

Transaction
means, collectively, (a) the execution of the Term Facility and the borrowing of term loans thereunder by the Borrower, (b) the
entering into the ABL Facility under this Agreement and the Loan Documents by the Borrower and the other Loan Parties and their applicable
Subsidiaries, (c) the consummation of any other transactions in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, the
consummation of the Approved Plan of Reorganization and the termination and repayment of all Indebtedness under the DIP Term Loan Facility
(as defined in the Approved Plan of Reorganization) and the DIP ABL Facility, and (d) the payment of the fees and Transaction Expenses.

Transaction
Expenses means all fees, premiums, costs and expenses incurred or payable by Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings in
connection with the closing of the Transactions.

Type
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or the Base Rate.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection
or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy under the Loan Documents
is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating
to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection, priority or availability of such remedy.

UCP
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 2007 Revision, International
Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and any version or revision thereof accepted by the applicable L/C Issuer for use.

46

UK Financial
Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended
from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment
firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution
Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Unfunded Pension
Liability means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over
the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan
pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed
Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03.

USA PATRIOT
Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
Act of 2001 (Title III of Public Law No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended or modified from time to time.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire
day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Special
Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 11.22.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(iii).

Write-Down and
Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of
such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

47

1.02Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such
other Loan Document:

(a)The
definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require,
any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation.
The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall.
Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any Law, agreement, instrument or other document (including
any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such Law, agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein
or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors
and assigns, (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder,
and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not
to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits
and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan
Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating,
amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such
law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including
cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge of a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower after reasonable investigation.

(b)In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and
including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through
means to and including.

(c)Section headings
herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

1.03Classification
of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Committed
Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Committed
Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a Term
Benchmark Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing).

1.04Accounting
Terms. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial
data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared
in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

1.05Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate
component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein
and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

1.06Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Chicago time (daylight or standard,
as applicable).

48

1.07Letter
of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed
to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter
of Credit that, by the terms of any Issuer Documents related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the Stated Amount
thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect
to all such increases, whether or not such maximum Stated Amount is in effect at such time.

1.08Senior
Debt. The Loans and other Obligations are hereby designated as Senior Debt and Designated Senior Debt
(or other similar terms) for all purposes of any Subordinated Indebtedness.

1.09[Reserved].

1.10[Reserved].

1.11Interest
Rates; Benchmark Notifications. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Section 3.02(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent
does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission,
performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor
rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest
rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability.
The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any
interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any
relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources
or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced
in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender
or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

1.12Divisions.
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable
event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the
subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired
on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

1.13Letters
of Credit. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such
Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or
the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount
of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases,
whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination
a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of
the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later
version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International
Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms
of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed
to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the
Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall have no further obligations
to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit.

49

Article II

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.01Committed
Loans; Reserves.

(a)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed Loan)
to the Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, subject in each case to the following limitations:

(i)after
giving effect to any Borrowing, the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the lesser of (A) the Aggregate Commitments, or (B) the
Borrowing Base;

(ii)after
giving effect to any Borrowing, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the
Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the lesser of (x) such Lenders Commitment, or (y) such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing Base; and

(iii)the
Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.

Within the limits of each Lenders Commitment,
and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.05,
and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans, as further provided
herein.

2.02Borrowings
of Committed Loans.

(a)Committed
Loans and Swing Line Loans shall be Term Benchmark Loans, except as set forth in Section 3.02.

(b)Each
Borrowing of Committed Loans shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be
given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. on the requested date
of any Borrowing. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(b) must be confirmed promptly
by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing, either in writing or by an Approved Electronic Communication, appropriately
completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole
multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof. Each Notice of Borrowing (whether telephonic, written or by Approved Electronic Communication)
shall specify (A) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), and (B) the principal amount of Committed
Loans to be borrowed.

50

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Following
receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage
of the applicable Committed Loans. In the case of a Borrowing of Committed Loans, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed
Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00
p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent
shall use reasonable efforts to make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds by no later than 4:00 p.m. on
the day of receipt by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Eclipse with
the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably
acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Notice of Borrowing
with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are Letter of Credit Disbursements outstanding, then the proceeds of such
Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such Letter of Credit Disbursements, and second, shall
be made available to the Borrower as provided above.

(e)Each
Borrowing of Committed Loans shall be made by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage with respect
to the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan shall neither relieve any other Lender of its obligation to fund
its Loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement nor increase the obligation of any such other Lender.

(f)The
Administrative Agent, without the request of the Borrower, may advance any interest, fee, service charge, Credit Party Expenses, or other
payment to which any Credit Party is entitled from the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or any other Loan Document and may charge the same
to the Loan Account notwithstanding that an Overadvance may result thereby. The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower a
statement of any such advance or charge promptly after the making thereof (or in the case of Credit Party Expenses, at the time that
the five (5) Business Days notice is furnished) in reasonable detail sufficient to allow the Borrower to verify such interest,
fee, service charge, Credit Party Expenses, or other payment. Such action on the part of the Administrative Agent shall not constitute
a waiver of the Administrative Agents rights and the Borrowers obligations under Section 2.05. Any amount which
is added to the principal balance of the Loan Account as provided in this Section 2.02(f) shall bear interest at the
interest rate then and thereafter applicable to Base Rate Loans.

(g)[Reserved].

(h)The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any interest period for Term
Benchmark Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent
shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public
announcement of such change.

(i)[Reserved].

(j)The
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Swing Line Lender shall have no obligation to make any Loan or to provide any Letter of Credit
if an Overadvance would result. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, make Permitted Overadvances without the consent of the
Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender shall be bound thereby. Any Permitted Overadvance may constitute a Swing Line Loan. A
Permitted Overadvance is for the account of the Borrower and shall constitute a Loan and an Obligation. The making of any such Permitted
Overadvance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make or permit any Permitted Overadvance
on any other occasion or to permit such Permitted Overadvances to remain outstanding. The making by the Administrative Agent of a Permitted
Overadvance shall not modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lenders obligations to
purchase participations with respect to Letter of Credits. The Administrative Agent shall have no liability for, and no Loan Party or
Credit Party shall have the right to, or shall, bring any claim of any kind whatsoever against the Administrative Agent with respect
to inadvertent Overadvances (i.e., where an Overadvance results from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Administrative
Agent (such as a reduction in the collateral value)) regardless of the amount of any such Overadvance(s).

51

(k)For
the avoidance of doubt, as of the Closing Date, the Types of Borrowings available to the Borrower shall be comprised of either Base Rate
Loans or Term Benchmark Loans.

2.03Letters
of Credit.

(a)General.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the request of the Borrower made in accordance herewith, and prior to the
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Administrative Agent agrees to arrange for one or more L/C Issuers to issue standby Letters of Credit for
any lawful purpose of any Loan Party. Pursuant to the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the Administrative
Agent shall make standby Letters of Credit available to the Loan Parties by causing one or more L/C Issuers to issue such standby Letters
of Credit. By submitting a request to the Administrative Agent for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall be deemed to
have requested that the Administrative Agent cause the issuance of the requested Letter of Credit by the applicable L/C Issuer. Each
request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or the amendment, renewal, or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit, shall be
(i) irrevocable and made in writing by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (ii) delivered to the Administrative Agent via
Approved Electronic Communications and reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension, and
(iii) subject to the Administrative Agents and, as applicable, the applicable L/C Issuers, authentication procedures
with results satisfactory to such Persons. Each such request shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer and (i) shall specify (A) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance,
amendment, renewal, or extension of such Letter of Credit, (C) the proposed expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (D) the
name and address of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit, and (E) such other information (including, the conditions to drawing,
and, in the case of an amendment, renewal, or extension, identification of the Letter of Credit to be so amended, renewed, or extended)
as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew, or extend such Letter of Credit, and (ii) shall be accompanied by such Issuer Documents
as the Administrative Agent or such L/C Issuer may request or require, to the extent that such requests or requirements are consistent
with the Issuer Documents that such L/C Issuer generally requests for Letters of Credit in similar circumstances. The Administrative
Agents records of the content of any such request will be conclusive.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to cause the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit if any of
the following would result after giving effect to the requested issuance, amendment, renewal or extension:

(i)the
Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit;

52

(ii)the
Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the Aggregate Commitments;

(iii)the
Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations would exceed the result of (x) the Borrowing Base at such time less (y) the outstanding
principal balance of the Committed Loans (inclusive of Swing Line Loans) at such time; or

(iv)the
Letter of Credit would expire after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Each
Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent, including
the requirement that the amounts payable thereunder must be payable in Dollars. If an L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent makes a
payment under, or pursuant to, a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the applicable
Letter of Credit Disbursement on the Business Day such Letter of Credit Disbursement is made. In the absence of such payment, the amount
of the Letter of Credit Disbursement immediately and automatically shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan hereunder (notwithstanding
any failure to satisfy any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02) and, initially, shall bear interest at the rate
then applicable to Base Rate Loans. If a Letter of Credit Disbursement is deemed to be a Committed Loan hereunder, the Borrowers
obligation to pay the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement to the applicable L/C Issuer shall be automatically converted into
an obligation to pay the resulting Committed Loan. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower
pursuant to this Section 2.03(d) the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such L/C Issuer or, to the
extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to Section 2.03(e) to reimburse such L/C Issuer, then to such Lenders
and such L/C Issuer as their interests may appear.

(e)Promptly
following receipt of a notice of a Letter of Credit Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03(d),
each Lender agrees to fund its Applicable Percentage of any Committed Loan deemed made pursuant to Section 2.03(d) on
the same terms and conditions as if the Borrower had requested the amount thereof as a Committed Loan and the Administrative Agent shall
promptly pay to the Administrative Agent the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an
amendment, renewal, or extension of any such Letter of Credit) and without any further action on the part of the Administrative Agent
or the Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have granted to each Lender, and each Lender shall be deemed to have purchased,
a participation in each such Letter of Credit caused by the Administrative Agent to be issued, in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage
of such Letter of Credit, and each such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lenders Applicable Percentage of
any Letter of Credit Disbursement made by an L/C Issuer under the applicable Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of
the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lenders Applicable
Percentage of each Letter of Credit Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit made by an L/C Issuer and not reimbursed by the Borrower
on the date due as provided in Section 2.03(d), or of any reimbursement payment that is required to be refunded (or that
the Administrative Agent elects, based upon the advice of counsel, to refund) to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges
and agrees that its obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to its respective Applicable Percentage of each
Letter of Credit Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) shall be absolute and
unconditional and such remittance shall be made notwithstanding the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default or Default or the
failure to satisfy any condition set forth in Section 4.02. If any such Lender fails to make available to the Administrative
Agent the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of a Letter of Credit Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit as
provided in this Section 2.03 (an Unreimbursed Amount), such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Lender and the Administrative Agent (for the account of the L/C Issuers) shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such
Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate until paid in full.

53

(f)[Reserved].

(g)The
liability of the Administrative Agent under, in connection with or arising out of any Letter of Credit (or pre-advice), regardless of
the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by the Borrower or other applicable
Loan Party that are caused directly by such Persons bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in (i) honoring a presentation
under a Letter of Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit,
(ii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter
of Credit, or (iii) retaining Drawing Documents presented under a Letter of Credit. The Borrowers or other applicable Loan
Partys aggregate remedies against the Administrative Agent for wrongfully honoring a presentation under any Letter of Credit or
wrongfully retaining honored Drawing Documents shall in no event exceed the aggregate amount paid by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit under Section 2.03(d), plus
interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder. The Borrower or other applicable Loan Party shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to avoid and mitigate the amount of any damages claimed against the Administrative Agent, including by enforcing its
rights against the beneficiaries of the Letters of Credit. Any claim by the Borrower or other applicable Loan Party under or in connection
with any Letter of Credit shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (x) the amount (if any) saved by the Borrower or other
applicable Loan Party as a result of the breach or alleged wrongful conduct complained of, and (y) the amount (if any) of the loss
that would have been avoided had the Borrower or other applicable Loan Party used commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any loss,
and in case of a claim of wrongful dishonor, by specifically and timely authorizing the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer
to effect a cure.

(h)The
Borrower is responsible for the final text of the Letter of Credit as issued by any L/C Issuer, irrespective of any assistance the Administrative
Agent or such L/C Issuer may provide such as drafting or recommending text or by such L/C Issuers use or refusal to use text submitted
by the Borrower. The Borrower understands that the final form of any Letter of Credit may be subject to such revisions and changes as
are deemed necessary or appropriate by the applicable L/C Issuer, and the Borrower hereby consents to such revisions and changes not
materially different from the application executed in connection therewith. The Borrower is solely responsible for the suitability of
the Letter of Credit for the Borrowers or other applicable Loan Partys purposes. If the Borrower requests the Administrative
Agent to cause the issuance of a Letter of Credit for an affiliated or unaffiliated third party (an Account Party),
(i) such Account Party shall have no rights against the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Borrower shall be responsible for the
application and obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) communications (including notices) related to the respective Letter
of Credit shall be among the Administrative Agent and/or the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower. The Borrower will examine the copy
of the Letter of Credit and any other documents sent by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the applicable L/C Issuer in connection
therewith and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (not later than three (3) Business Days following the Borrowers
receipt of documents from the Administrative Agent) of any non-compliance with the Borrowers instructions and of any discrepancy
in any document under any presentment or other irregularity. The Borrower understands and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent
nor any L/C Issuer is required to extend the expiration date of any Letter of Credit for any reason. With respect to any Letter of Credit
containing an automatic amendment to extend the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer, in
its sole and absolute discretion, may give notice of nonrenewal of such Letter of Credit and, if the Borrower does not at any time want
the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit to be extended, the Borrower will so notify such L/C Issuer (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent) at least thirty (30) calendar days before such L/C Issuer is required to notify the beneficiary of such Letter
of Credit or any advising bank of such non-extension pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit.

54

(i)The
Borrowers reimbursement and payment obligations under this Section 2.03 are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable
and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever, including:

(i)any
lack of validity, enforceability or legal effect of any Letter of Credit, any Issuer Document, this Agreement, or any Loan Document,
or any term or provision therein or herein;

(ii)payment
against presentation of any draft, demand or claim for payment under any Drawing Document that does not comply in whole or in part with
the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit or which proves to be fraudulent, forged or invalid in any respect or any statement therein
being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or which is signed, issued or presented by a Person or a transferee of such Person purporting
to be a successor or transferee of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit;

(iii)the
Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any of its respective branches or Affiliates being the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit;

(iv)any
L/C Issuer or any correspondent honoring a drawing against a Drawing Document up to the amount available under any Letter of Credit even
if such Drawing Document claims an amount in excess of the amount available under the Letter of Credit;

(v)the
existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary
or transferee beneficiary, any assignee of proceeds, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any other Person;

(vi)any
L/C Issuer or any correspondent honoring a drawing upon receipt of an electronic presentation under a Letter of Credit requiring the
same, regardless of whether the original Drawing Documents arrive at such L/C Issuers counters or are different from the electronic
presentation;

(vii)any
other event, circumstance or conduct whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing that might, but for this Section 2.03(i),
constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
reimbursement and other payment obligations and liabilities, arising under, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit, whether against
any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the beneficiary or any other Person; or

(viii)the
fact that any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

provided,
that subject to Section 2.03(i)(vii), the foregoing shall not release the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer from such
liability to the Borrower as may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against
the Administrative Agent or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, following reimbursement or payment of the obligations and liabilities, including
reimbursement and other payment obligations, of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer arising under, or in connection
with, this Section 2.05 or any Letter of Credit.

55

(j)Without
limiting any other provision of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the Administrative
Agents rights and remedies against the Borrower and the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Administrative Agent for each
drawing under each Letter of Credit shall not be impaired by:

(i)honor
of a presentation under any Letter of Credit that on its face substantially complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of
Credit, even if the Letter of Credit requires strict compliance by the beneficiary;

(ii)honor
of a presentation of any Drawing Document that appears on its face to have been signed, presented or issued (A) by any purported
successor or transferee of any beneficiary or other Person required to sign, present or issue such Drawing Document or (B) under
a new name of the beneficiary;

(iii)acceptance
as a draft of any written or electronic demand or request for payment under a Letter of Credit, even if nonnegotiable or not in the form
of a draft or notwithstanding any requirement that such draft, demand or request bear any or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit;

(iv)the
identity or authority of any presenter or signer of any Drawing Document or the form, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Drawing
Document (other than an L/C Issuers determination that such Drawing Document appears on its face substantially to comply with
the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit);

(v)acting
upon any instruction or request relative to a Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit that an L/C Issuer in good faith believes
to have been given by a Person authorized to give such instruction or request;

(vi)any
errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any message, advice or document (regardless of how sent or
transmitted) or for errors in interpretation of technical terms or in translation or any delay in giving or failing to give notice to
the Borrower;

(vii)any
acts, omissions or fraud by, or the insolvency of, any beneficiary, any nominated person or entity or any other Person or any breach
of contract between any beneficiary and the Borrower or any of the parties to the underlying transaction to which the Letter of Credit
relates;

(viii)assertion
or waiver of any provision of the ISP or UCP that primarily benefits an issuer of a letter of credit, including any requirement that
any Drawing Document be presented to it at a particular hour or place;

(ix)payment
to any presenting bank (designated or permitted by the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit) claiming that it rightfully honored
or is entitled to reimbursement or indemnity under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to it;

56

(x)acting
or failing to act as required or permitted under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to where the applicable L/C Issuer has
issued, confirmed, advised or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be;

(xi)honor
of a presentation after the expiration date of any Letter of Credit notwithstanding that a presentation was made prior to such expiration
date and dishonored by an L/C Issuer if subsequently such L/C Issuer or any court or other finder of fact determines such presentation
should have been honored;

(xii)dishonor
of any presentation that does not strictly comply or that is fraudulent, forged or otherwise not entitled to honor; or

(xiii)honor
of a presentation that is subsequently determined by an L/C Issuer to have been made in violation of international, federal, state or
local restrictions on the transaction of business with certain prohibited Persons.

(k)The
Borrower shall pay immediately upon demand to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer as non-refundable
fees, commissions, and charges (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such fees, commissions, and charges to the Register
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this Section 2.03(k))
any and all customary commissions, fees and charges then in effect imposed by, and any and all documented expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent relating to Letters of Credit, at the time of issuance of any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other activity with
respect to any Letter of Credit (including transfers, assignments of proceeds, amendments, drawings, renewals or cancellations).

(l)[Reserved].

(m)Each
Letter of Credit shall expire not later than the date that is 12 months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit; provided
that any Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods each of up to one
year in duration; provided, further, that with respect to any Letter of Credit which extends beyond the Scheduled Maturity
Date, Cash Collateralization shall be provided therefor on or before the Letter of Credit Expiration Date.

(n)If
(i) any Event of Default occurs and is continuing or (ii) Excess Availability is less than zero, then on the Business Day following
the date on which the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Obligations
has been accelerated, Lenders with Letter of Credit Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total Letter of Credit Exposure) demanding
Cash Collateralization pursuant to this Section 2.03(n), the Borrower shall provide Cash Collateralization with respect to
the then existing L/C Obligations; provided that, in each case, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.01(g) or
8.01(h), the obligation to provide Cash Collateralization will become effective immediately, and any deposit of cash collateral
required pursuant to the terms set forth in the Cash Collateralization definition will become immediately due and payable, without demand
or other notice of any kind. If the Borrower fail to provide Cash Collateralization as required by this Section 2.05(n),
the Lenders may (and, upon direction of the Administrative Agent, shall) advance, as Committed Loans the amount of the cash collateral
required pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateralization definition so that the then existing L/C Obligations is cash collateralized
in accordance with the terms of the Cash Collateralization definition (whether or not the Revolving Commitments have terminated, an Overadvance
exists or the conditions in Section 4.02 are satisfied).

57

(o)Unless
otherwise expressly agreed by the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower, when a Letter of Credit is issued,
(i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply
to any commercial Letter of Credit (if applicable).

(p)The
Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers shall each be deemed to have acted with due diligence and reasonable care if such Persons
conduct is in accordance with Standard Letter of Credit Practice or in accordance with this Agreement.

(q)In
the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this Section 2.03 and any provision contained in any Issuer Document,
it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be
in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions
of this Section 2.03 shall control and govern.

(r)The
provisions of this Section 2.03 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations
with respect to any Letters of Credit that remain outstanding.

(s)For
avoidance of doubt, the Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that none of the Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute Letters
of Credit under this Agreement, nor constitute a part of the Obligations.

2.04Swing
Line Loans.

(a)The
Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth
in this Section 2.04, the Swing Line Lender (I) to the extent the Outstanding Amount of the Swing Line Loans shall not
exceed $10,000,000, agrees to and (II) to the extent the Outstanding Amount of the Swing Line Loans shall exceed $10,000,000, may
elect, but shall have no obligation, to make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan) to the Borrower from
time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount
of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the
Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lenders
Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not
exceed the lesser of (A) the Aggregate Commitments, or (B) the Borrowing Base, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount
of the Committed Loans of any Lender at such time, plus such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C
Obligations at such time, plus such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans at such time
shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment, and provided, further, that the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of
any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions
hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04.
Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to,
purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders
Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan.

58

(b)Borrowing
Procedures. Each Borrowing of Swing Line Loans shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender
and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent not later than 10:00 a.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, and (ii) the
requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing
Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Notice of Borrowing, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Notice of Borrowing, the Swing Line Lender will confirm
with the Administrative Agent (by telephone, in writing or by Approved Electronic Communication) that the Administrative Agent has also
received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone, in writing
or by Approved Electronic Communication) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone, in
writing or by Approved Electronic Communication) from the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders prior to 11:00
a.m. on the date of the proposed Borrowing of Swing Line Loans (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line
Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one
or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Notice of Borrowing, make
the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the
Swing Line Lender in immediately available funds.

(c)Refinancing
of Swing Line Loans.

(i)The
Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request (but, in any event shall weekly, as provided in Section 2.14(a)),
on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make
a Base Rate Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage for the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding.
Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Notice of Borrowing for purposes hereof) and in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal
amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02.
The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Notice of Borrowing promptly after delivering such notice
to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Notice
of Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative
Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Notice of Borrowing, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii),
each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative
Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender.

(ii)If
for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request
for Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line
Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lenders payment to the Administrative
Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of
such participation.

59

(iii)If
any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid
by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i),
the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount
with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available
to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Swing
Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar
fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and
fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Committed Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded
participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through
the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(iv)Each
Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall
be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever,
(B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to
any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is
subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair
the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein.

(d)Repayment
of Participations.

(i)At
any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment
on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately
adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lenders risk participation was funded)
in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender.

(ii)If
any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by
the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on
demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at
a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing
Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination
of this Agreement.

(e)Interest
for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing
Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such
Lenders Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the
account of the Swing Line Lender.

(f)Payments
Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans
directly to the Swing Line Lender.

60

2.05Prepayments.

(a)The
Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which notice, if furnished in connection with a refinancing of the Obligations,
may be conditional upon the consummation of such refinancing), at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in
whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not
later than 2:00 p.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans, (B) on the date
of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and (C) [reserved]; (ii) any prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount
of $2.0 million or a whole multiple of $1.0 million in excess thereof, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then
outstanding and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000
in excess thereof, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date
and amount of such prepayment, and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender
of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice
is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable
on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid.
Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.

(b)The
Borrower may, upon irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to
time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must
be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and
(ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount
of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified
in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

(c)If
for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the lesser of the Aggregate Commitments or the Borrowing Base, each as then
in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans, Swing Line Loans and Letter of Credit Disbursements and/or Cash Collateralize
the L/C Obligations (other than Letter of Credit Disbursements) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however,
that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless
after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the lesser of the Aggregate Commitments or the Borrowing Base,
each as then in effect.

(d)Any
Net Cash Proceeds from any Disposition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than, (i) with respect only to the Term
Priority Collateral, such portion of the Net Cash Proceeds that are then required to be paid to the lenders under the Term Facility and
(ii) any Disposition of any property permitted by Section 7.05(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g),
(i) or (j)), whether or not a Cash Dominion Trigger Event then exists, shall be paid over to the Administrative Agent
on receipt by the Loan Parties and shall be utilized to prepay the Loans in the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05(e).
The application of such Net Cash Proceeds to the Loans shall not reduce the Commitments. If all Obligations then due are paid, any excess
Net Cash Proceeds shall be remitted to the operating account of the Borrower.

(e)Prepayments
made pursuant to Section 2.05, first, shall be applied ratably to the Letter of Credit Disbursements and the Swing
Line Loans, second, shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Loans, and third, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the
remaining L/C Obligations; and the amount remaining, if any, after the repayment in full of all Letter of Credit Disbursements, Swing
Line Loans and Committed Loans outstanding at such time and the Cash Collateralization of the remaining L/C Obligations in full may be
retained by the Borrower for use in the ordinary course of its business. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash
Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or
any other Loan Party) to reimburse the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as applicable.

61

2.06Termination
of Commitments.

(a)The
Borrower may terminate the Aggregate Commitments in whole (but not in part); provided that (i) any such notice shall be received
by the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination, (ii) any
such notice shall be irrevocable (except if such termination notice is being furnished in connection with a refinancing of the Obligations,
such notice may be conditional upon the consummation of such refinancing, and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate the Aggregate
Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate
Commitments.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06.
All fees accrued until the effective date of any such termination shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

2.07Term
of Agreement; Repayment of Loans.

(a)This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become effective as of the Closing Date and shall continue in full force and effect for
a term ending on the date that is thirty-six (36) months from the Closing Date (the Scheduled Maturity Date).
In addition, the Borrower may terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 2.06 above. Upon the Scheduled Maturity
Date or any other effective date of termination of the Loan Documents, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent all outstanding
and unpaid Obligations (except for contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted), and shall Cash Collateralize
outstanding L/C Obligations (other than Letter of Credit Disbursements).

(b)The
Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the Scheduled Maturity Date and in accordance with Section 2.04(c).

2.08Interest.

(a)Subject
to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) below, (i) each Loan which is a Term Benchmark Loan shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Rate plus the Applicable Margin; (ii) each
Loan which is a Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at
a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin; and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the
Applicable Margin; and (iv) [reserved].

(b)After
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all Loans and other monetary Obligations may, at the option of the
Administrative Agent or the discretion of the Required Lenders, bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest
on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

62

(c)Interest
on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified
herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after
the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

2.09Fees.
In addition to certain fees described in Section 2.03:

(a)Commitment
Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage,
a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) equal to a 0.50% per annum (the Commitment Fee Rate),
times the actual daily amount by which the then Aggregate Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the principal amount of Loans (including
Swing Line Loans), then outstanding, and (ii) the then L/C Credit Extensions. The Commitment Fee shall accrue at all times during
the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall
be due and payable monthly in arrears on the first Business Day after the end of each calendar month, commencing with the first such
date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period.

(b)Letter
of Credit Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders, a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter
of Credit Fee) (which fee shall be in addition to the fronting fees and commissions, other fees, charges and expenses set
forth in Section 2.03) that shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to 4.25%, times the average amount of the Letter of Credit
Usage during the immediately preceding calendar month (or portion thereof).

(c)Other
Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and
at the times specified in any Fee Letter. Such fees shall be payable in Dollars, fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for
any reason whatsoever.

(d)Defaulting
Lender Fees. Subject to Section 2.03, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay the Administrative Agent any Defaulting
Lender's ratable share of the fees described in Section 2.03 and Section 2.09(a) for the period commencing
on the day such Defaulting Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender and continuing for so long as such Lender continues to be a Defaulting
Lender.

2.10Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by the Prime Rate shall be
made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest
hereunder shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which
the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided
that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for
one day. All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan
as of the applicable date of determination. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of the applicable Base Rate or the Term SOFR
Rate shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

2.11Evidence
of Debt.

(a)The
Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent (the
Loan Account) in the ordinary course of business. In addition, each Lender may record in such Lenders
internal records, an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from such Lender, each payment and prepayment of
principal of any such Loan, and each payment of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to such Lender.
The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, of the amount
of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error
in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect
to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records
of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence
of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such
Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans (in addition to such Lenders
accounts or records). Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity
of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of such Lenders Note and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor
of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor.

63

(b)In
addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain
in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters
of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent
and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control
in the absence of manifest error.

2.12Payments
Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a)General.
All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for
the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in immediately
available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to
each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire
transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed
received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by
the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension
of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

(b)(i) Funding
by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to
the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans (or in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on
the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing,
the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02
(or in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time
required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.
In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the
applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in
immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower
to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the
greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation plus any administrative processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection
with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans.
If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative
Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its
share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Committed
Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a
Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

64

(ii)Payments
by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior
to the time at which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers hereunder that
the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in
accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may
be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as
the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or
the applicable L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount
is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate.

A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent
manifest error.

(c)Failure
to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such
Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower
by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied
or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such
Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(d)Obligations
of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any
Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any
date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall
be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment
under Section 11.04(c).

(e)Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner
or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or
manner.

2.13Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect
of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans
held by it resulting in such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations
and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion
shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed
Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be
equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of
principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that:

(i)if
any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such
participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest;
and

65

(ii)the
provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance
with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale
of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant,
other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply).

Each Loan Party consents
to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant
to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.

2.14Settlement
Amongst Lenders.

(a)The
amount of each Lenders Applicable Percentage of outstanding Loans (including outstanding Swing Line Loans, except that settlements
of Swing Line Loans during the months of November and December of each year shall be required to be made by the Swing Line
Lender only with respect to those Swing Line Loans in excess of $2.0 million in the aggregate only (the Excess Swing Line
Loans)) shall be computed weekly (or more frequently in the Administrative Agents discretion) and shall be adjusted
upward or downward based on all Loans (including Swing Line Loans other than Excess Swing Line Loans) and repayments of Loans (including
Swing Line Loans other than Excess Swing Line Loans) received by the Administrative Agent as of 3:00 p.m. on the first Business
Day (such date, the Settlement Date) following the end of the period specified by the Administrative Agent.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to each of the Lenders promptly after a Settlement Date a summary statement of the amount of outstanding
Committed Loans for the period and the amount of repayments fees received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the
Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each Lender shall transfer
to the Administrative Agent (as provided below) or the Administrative Agent shall transfer to each Lender, such amounts as are necessary
to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each Lender with respect to Committed
Loans to the Borrower shall be equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of Committed Loans outstanding as of such Settlement
Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Administrative Agent by the Lenders and is received prior to 12:00
Noon on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3:00 p.m. that day; and, if received
after 12:00 Noon, then no later than 3:00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each Lender to transfer such funds is
irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. If and to the extent any Lender shall not
have so made its transfer to the Administrative Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, forthwith on demand such
amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, equal
to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent
in connection with the foregoing.

66

(c)The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to the applicable Lenders promptly after the Administrative Agents receipt thereof, all payments
of interest, fees and Credit Party Expenses to which each such Lender is entitled.

(d)If
any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding
any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy
such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. If at any time prior to the acceleration
or maturity of the Loans, the Administrative Agent shall receive any payment in respect of principal of a Loan or a reimbursement of
a L/C Extension while one or more Defaulting Lenders shall be party to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall apply such payment
first to the Borrowing(s) for which such Defaulting Lender(s) shall have failed to fund its pro rata share until such time
as such Borrowing(s) are paid in full or each Lender (including each Defaulting Lender) is owed its Applicable Percentage of all
Loans then outstanding. After acceleration or maturity of the Loans, all principal will be paid ratably as provided in Section 8.03.

2.15[Reserved].

2.16[Reserved].

2.17[Reserved].

Article III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Tax unless required by applicable Law, provided that if
any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other withholding agent shall be required by applicable Law to deduct any Indemnified
Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the Loan Party shall be increased as necessary
so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01)
the Administrative Agent or any Lender (with the term Lender in this Section 3.01 being deemed to include an
L/C Issuer), as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the
applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount
deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. For purposes of this Section 3.01, any
payments by the Administrative Agent to a Lender of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent from any Loan Party on behalf of
such Lender shall be treated as a payment from the Loan Party to such Lender.

67

(b)Payment
of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely
pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law.

(c)Reimbursement
by the Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of
this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuers or
any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such) severally agrees to
pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuers or such Related
Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense
or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability
or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral
Agent, the Swing Line Lender or L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Collateral Agent in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders
under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d).

(d)Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10
days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender,
as the case may be, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own
behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e)Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the applicable Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority, the applicable Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by
such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(f)Status
of Fee Recipients. Each Fee Recipient hereby represents that it is a Permitted Investor and agrees to update Internal Revenue Service
Form W-9 (or its successor form) or applicable Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (or its successor form) upon any change in
such Persons circumstances or if such form expires or becomes inaccurate or obsolete, and to promptly notify the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent if such Person becomes legally ineligible to provide such form.

(g)Status
of Foreign Lenders. To the extent it is legally entitled to do so, any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction
of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Loan Party is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to
which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Loan Parties
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Loan Parties
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law as will permit such payments
to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Loan Parties or the
Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Loan Parties
or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject
to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences,
the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in this Section 3.01(g)(iv),
Section 3.01(h) and Section 3.01(i) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Each Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders
such documentation (including any specific documentation required below in this Section 3.01(g), Section 3.01(h) or
Section 3.01(i)) obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any material respect, deliver promptly to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is legally unable to do so.

68

Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, any Foreign Lender, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent, but
only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i)duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) claiming eligibility for benefits of an income
tax treaty to which the United States is a party,

(ii)duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,

(iii)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN
or W-8BEN-E (as applicable),

(iv)to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied by
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-3 or Exhibit M-4, Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, and/or other
certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one
or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide
a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-2 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner, or

(v)two
properly completed and duly signed original copies of any other form prescribed by applicable U.S. federal income tax laws (including
the Treasury Regulations) as a basis for claiming a complete exemption from, or a reduction in, U.S. federal withholding tax on any payments
to such Lender under the Loan Documents.

69

(h)Status
of Non-Foreign Lenders. Any Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this
Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax.

(i)FATCA.
If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or
1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed
by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Loan Parties or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent to comply
with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (i), FATCA
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(j)Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it
has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the applicable Loan Party or with
respect to which the applicable Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the
Loan Parties an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan
Parties under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of
all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest
(other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the applicable
Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agree to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus
any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender
if the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this paragraph (j), in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to a Loan
Party pursuant to this paragraph (j) the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or the Lender in a less favorable
net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or the Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving
rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with
respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to
make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Loan Parties or any
other Person.

3.02Alternate
Rate of Interest; Illegality.

(a)Subject
to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), and (f) of this Section 3.02, if:

(i)the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) prior to the commencement
of any interest period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR
Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such interest period; or

70

(ii)the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that prior to the commencement of any interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing,
the Term SOFR Rate for such interest period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or
maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such interest period;

then the Administrative Agent or such Lenders
(or Lender) shall promptly notify the Borrower (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable) thereof and, so long as such circumstances
shall continue, (i) the Administrative Agent and/or such Lenders (or Lender) shall be under no obligation to make any Term Benchmark
Loans, (ii) on the last day of the then-current calendar month (if such circumstances are continuing as of such date), each Term
Benchmark Loan shall, unless then paid in full, automatically convert to a Base Rate Loan and (iii) when such circumstances are
no longer continuing the Administrative Agent or the affected Lender (or Lenders) as applicable, shall promptly notify the Borrower (and
the Administrative Agent, if applicable) thereof and on the last day of the then-current calendar month, any Loan that was converted
to a Base Rate Loan pursuant to clause (ii) above shall, unless then paid in full, automatically convert to a Term Benchmark Loan.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Contract shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document
for purposes of this Section 3.02), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred
prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined
in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such
Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark
setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition
of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment
to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent
has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of
any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.02, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking
any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant
to this Section 3.02.

71

(e)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for
such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided
a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative,
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or related concept) for any Benchmark settings
at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause
(i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement)
or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including
a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or related concept)
for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f)Upon
the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request
for a Term Benchmark Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans to be made during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower
will be deemed to have converted (1) any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor,
the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used
in any determination of the Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt
of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark
Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.02, any Term Benchmark Loan
shall on the last day of the interest period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute,
a Base Rate Loan on such day.

3.03Increased
Costs.

(a)Increased
Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender;

(ii)subject
any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes covered in Section 3.01, (B) taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) with respect to this Agreement, any
Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any Loan made by it, or on its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or
capital attributable thereto; or

72

(iii)impose
on any Lender or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Loans made
by such Lender;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall
be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any
such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining
its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such
Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)Capital
Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such
Lenders holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on
such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the
Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, Letters of Credit issued by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender,
to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking
into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy),
then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such
Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c)Certificates
for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding
company as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.03, in reasonable detail sufficient to allow
the Borrower to verify such calculation, and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall
pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

(d)Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not
be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03 for any increased costs incurred
or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise
to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change
in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended
to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

3.04[Reserved].

3.05Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)Designation
of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.03, or if the Borrower is required
to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01,
or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different
Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts
payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.03, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice
pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost
or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

73

(b)Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.03, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional
amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender
is a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13.

3.06Survival.
All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and
repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

Article IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

4.01Conditions
of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder on the Closing Date or
for the Administrative Agent to arrange for any Letters of Credit on the Closing Date is subject to the prior or substantially concurrent
satisfaction or waiver pursuant to Section 11.01 of the following conditions:

(a)The
Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(i)executed
counterparts of this Agreement and the Perfection Certificate by each of the parties thereto;

(ii)a
Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note;

(iii)the
Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, each duly executed by each Loan Party thereto,
together with:

(A)UCC
financing statements in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code of all jurisdictions
in which any Loan Party is organized,

(B)evidence
that all other action that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect the Liens created under the Collateral
Documents has been taken (including receipt of duly executed payoff letters, and UCC-3 termination statements); and

(C)evidence
that all action required to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in the Intellectual Property of the Loan Parties that
own Intellectual Property registered in the United States Patent & Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office has
been or will be taken;

(iv)such
certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party
as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized
to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or
is to be a party;

74

(v)good
standing or active status certificates, as applicable, of each Loan Party in its jurisdiction of organization and, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent, bring-down good standing or active status certificates, as applicable;

(vi)an
opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent;

(vii)a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and
(b) have been satisfied;

(viii)a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, after giving effect to the Transaction, the Loan Parties
on a Consolidated basis are Solvent;

(ix)certificates
of insurance naming the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, as an additional insured or loss payee, as the case may be, under
all insurance policies maintained with respect to the assets and properties of the Loan Parties that constitute Collateral as may be
requested by the Administrative Agent;

(x)any
releases, terminations and such other documents as Administrative Agent may reasonably request to evidence and effectuate the termination
of the DIP ABL Facility and any existing Indebtedness or other obligations to be repaid and/or terminated on the Closing Date;

(xi)copies
of documentation for the Term Facility, which documentation shall include the Term Loan Agreement and all exhibits and schedules thereto
and the Term Facility shall have become effective substantially concurrently with this Agreement on the Closing Date;

(xii)executed
counterparts of the Intercreditor Agreement from each of the parties thereto;

(xiii)results
of searches or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (in each case dated as of a date reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent) indicating the absence of Liens on the assets of the Loan Parties, except for Permitted Liens and Liens for
which termination statements and releases or subordination agreements are being tendered on the Closing Date; and

(xiv)such
other certificates, documents, consents or opinion as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require.

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Calculation (either by Approved Electronic Communications or in writing) prepared
as of a date not earlier than December 28, 2024.

(c)[Reserved].

75

(d)The
Lenders shall have received, to the extent requested, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)Excess
Availability. After giving effect to the Credit Extensions to be made on the Closing Date, and the consummation of all transactions
contemplated hereby to occur on the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the borrowing of Term Loans on the Closing Date),
the sum of the Excess Availability and the Loan Parties cash on hand shall be no less than $45,000,000.

(g)The
Bankruptcy Court shall have entered an order, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, confirming an Approved Plan of
Reorganization (the Confirmation Order), and the Confirmation Order shall not have been stayed by the Bankruptcy
Court or by any other court having jurisdiction to issue any such stay, it being understood and agreed that (i) the Confirmation
Order shall have been entered upon proper notice to all parties to be bound by the Approved Plan of Reorganization, all as may be required
by the Bankruptcy Code, the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure and any applicable local bankruptcy rules, and (ii) the Confirmation
Order must be in full force and effect.

(h)An
Approved Plan of Reorganization shall have been substantially consummated substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Closing
Date.

Without limiting the generality
of the provisions of Section 9.07, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01,
each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document
or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

4.02Conditions
to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (including on the Closing Date),
is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a)The
representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall
be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date; provided
that, in each case, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect
or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on and as of the date
of such Credit Extension or on such earlier date, as the case may be.

(b)No
Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and, if applicable, each L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension
in accordance with the requirements hereof.

Each Request for Credit Extension
submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Section 4.02(b),
and solely with respect to a Credit Extension on the Closing Date, Section 4.02(a)have been satisfied on and as of the date
of the applicable Credit Extension.

76

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each of the Loan Parties
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:

5.01Existence,
Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and,
as applicable, in good standing or of active status under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent
such concepts exist in such jurisdiction), (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted or proposed
to be conducted, and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is
duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing (to the extent such concepts exist in such jurisdiction) or of active
status under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires
such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed
hereto sets forth, as of the Closing Date, each Loan Partys name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation
or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation
or organization and its Federal employer identification number.

5.02Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is
to be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene
the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of,
or the creation of (or the requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation
or Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of the Subsidiaries
or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property
is subject; or (c) violate any applicable Law, except in the case of clause (b) or (c), to the extent that such conflict,
breach, contravention or violation could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.03Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing
with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance
by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the Term Loan Documents, except for (a) filings
necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (b) the approvals,
consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full
force and effect (except to the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full
force and effect pursuant to the Collateral Documents) and (c) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions,
notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonable be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

5.04Binding
Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each
Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles
of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

77

5.05Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a)[Reserved].

(b)Since
December 24, 2024, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)The
Consolidated forecasted balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant Section 6.01,
when taken as a whole, were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were reasonable
in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, a reasonable
estimate of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries future financial condition and performance (it being understood that (i) no
forecasts are to be viewed as facts, (ii) any forecasts are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies many of which
are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, (iii) no assurance can be given that any particular forecasts will be realized and (iv) actual
results may differ and such differences may be material).

5.06Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties threatened (in writing)
at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or against
any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (b) would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.07[Reserved].

5.08Ownership
of Property; Liens; Investments.

(a)Each
Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries has good record, marketable and insurable title in fee simple to all owned Real Estate necessary
or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title to,
or valid leasehold interests in, all personal property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects
in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Mortgage encumbers
improved owned Real Estate that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an
area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance has been obtained
in accordance with Section 6.07(b).

(b)The
properties and assets of each Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries are subject to no Liens, other than (i) with respect to Mortgaged
Property, Permitted Encumbrances and (ii) with respect to all other properties and assets, Permitted Liens.

(c)Schedule 5.08(c) sets
forth a complete and accurate list as of the Closing Date of all Real Estate owned by each Loan Party and each of the Subsidiaries showing
the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, record owner and book and estimated fair value thereof.

78

(d)(i) Schedule 5.08(d)(i) sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all Leases under which any Loan Party is the lessee as of the Closing Date showing the street address,
county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor, lessee and expiration date.

(ii)Schedule 5.08(d)(ii) sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all leases of Real Estate under which any Loan Party is the lessor as of the Closing Date showing
the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor, lessee, expiration date and annual rental cost thereof.

(e)Schedule 5.08(e) sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all Investments held by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party on the date hereof, showing
as of the date hereof the amount, obligor or issuer and maturity, if any, thereof.

5.09Environmental
Matters.

(a)Neither
any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any
Environmental Permit, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect
to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, except, in each case, as could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the properties currently or, to the knowledge
of the Loan Parties, formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is listed or, to the knowledge of the Loan
Parties, proposed for listing on the NPL or on the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list or is adjacent to any such property;
(ii) none of the properties to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, transported or arranged for the
transportation of any Hazardous Materials, is listed or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, proposed for listing on the NPL or on
the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list; (iii) there are no and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, never have
been any underground or above-ground storage tanks or any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous
Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed on any property currently owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, on any property formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary; (iv) there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary; and (v) Hazardous Materials have not been Released, discharged, or disposed of on any property currently or,
to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, formerly owned, leased, or operated by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary.

(c)(i) 
Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with other potentially
responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened Release, discharge
or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental
Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
and (ii) all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled, stored, or transported by, or on behalf of, any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary have been disposed of in a manner which would not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

5.10Insurance.
Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Closing
Date. As of the Closing Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 is in full force and effect and all premiums
in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid.

79

5.11Taxes.
The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all material Tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Taxes
levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable and have satisfied all of their Tax withholding
obligations, except (a) Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which
adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation
and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation and (b) any Tax return, report or Taxes, the failure to file or to pay,
as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no
proposed Tax deficiency or assessment known to any Loan Party against the Loan Party or any Subsidiary that would, if made, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as could not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has made adequate provisions in accordance with GAAP for all
Taxes not yet due and payable.

5.12ERISA
Compliance.

(a)Except
as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Plan is in compliance with its terms and the
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, (ii) each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code
has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS
with respect thereto and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to prevent, or cause
the loss of, such qualification, and (iii) Holdings, the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions
to each Pension Plan, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412
of the Code has been made with respect to any Pension Plan.

(b)There
are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the normal course), actions
or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no nonexempt prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406
of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code) or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules by Holdings or the Borrower with
respect to any Plan that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(c)Except
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) no ERISA Event
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability as of the most recent valuation
date for such Pension Plan; (iii) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur,
any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA); (iv) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability
(and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201
or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (v) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has engaged
in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

80

(d)Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Foreign Plan has been maintained in compliance
with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained,
where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, (ii) none of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary have
incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of or withdrawal from any Foreign Plan, and (iii) the present value of
the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Foreign Plan which is funded, determined as of the end of the most
recently ended Fiscal Year of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (based on the actuarial assumptions used for purposes of the applicable
jurisdictions financial reporting requirements), did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Foreign Plan (and for
each Foreign Plan which is not funded, the obligations of such Foreign Plan are properly accrued).

5.13Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests; Loan Parties. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed
in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly
issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13
free and clear of all Liens except those created under the Collateral Documents and the Term Loan Documents and the Swedish Credit
Facility and any nonconsensual Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the Closing Date no Loan Party has any equity
investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13.

5.14Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a)None
of the proceeds of the Loans shall be used in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulations T, U or X of the FRB.

(b)None
of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

5.15Disclosure.

(a)No
written report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Loan Parties to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder
or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains
any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to (i) projected financial information,
financial estimates, forecasts or other forward-looking information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared
in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time and (ii) such information shall not include information
of a general economic or general industry nature.

(b)As
of the Closing Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the most recent Beneficial Ownership Certification
provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects.

5.16Compliance
with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws
and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such
requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

81

5.17Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the Intellectual Property
that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, except as would not individually or in the aggregate
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and Schedule 5.17 (as supplemented by any writing delivered pursuant
to Section 6.02(g))) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all such Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party and each
of its Subsidiaries which are registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office. To the
knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising or other material or patent, trademark or copyright now employed by any Loan
Party or any of its Subsidiaries infringes upon any Intellectual Property right held by any other Person, except to the extent that any
such infringement could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except
as set forth on Schedule 5.17, no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Loan Parties, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.18Solvency.
On a Consolidated basis, after giving effect to the Transaction, the Loan Parties are Solvent.

5.19[Reserved].

5.20Labor
Matters. There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge
of any Loan Party, threatened that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower and Holdings, (a) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties
comply in all material respects with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing
with such matters, (b) no Loan Party has incurred any material liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Act or similar state Law and (c) all payments due from any Loan Party, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party,
on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in all material
respects in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party. There are no representation proceedings pending or,
to any Loan Partys knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group
of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition except those that could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices
charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed
with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or
termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party except those that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

5.21Collateral
Documents. The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Credit Parties a legal, valid and enforceable First Priority Lien or Second Priority Lien, as applicable (subject to Permitted Liens),
on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein, and (a) when all appropriate
filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Law and (b) upon the taking of possession
or control by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession or
control (which possession or control shall be given to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Collateral Document), such
Collateral Document will constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties
in such Collateral. Prior to the Discharge of Term Obligations, the representations made in this Section 5.21 with respect
to possession or control of any Collateral on which there is a Second Priority Lien by the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to refer
to the possession or control of such Collateral by the collateral agent for the Term Facility (holding for the benefit of the Collateral
Agent for the Credit Parties).

82

5.22USA
PATRIOT Act. To the extent applicable, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with (a) the
Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31
CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (b) the USA PATRIOT
Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee,
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order
to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended.

5.23Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions. Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of such Loan Party,
its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) any
Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan
Party or Subsidiary, any agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from
the ABL Facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, or transaction contemplated
by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.

5.24Affected
Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

5.25Plan
Assets. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the
Plan Asset Regulations).

Article VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than any indemnity obligation
for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement), the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the cases
of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to:

6.01Financial
Statements and Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent:

(a)as
soon as available, but in any event within (i) 135 days after the end of the first Fiscal Year of Holdings ending after the Closing
Date, and (ii) 105 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings thereafter, a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders
equity (if available) and cash flows for such Fiscal Year setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous
Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Ernst &
Young LLP or another Registered Public Accounting Firm of nationally recognized standing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to
any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (it
being agreed that an explanatory or emphasis of matter paragraph does not constitute a qualification or exception) (provided that such
report may contain a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the
audit, if such qualification or exception arises solely with respect to, results from or arises on account of (i) an upcoming maturity
date hereunder or under any other Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with this Agreement or (ii) any potential or actual inability
to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant included in this Agreement or any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries);

83

(b)as
soon as available, but in any event within 50 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of Holdings
(commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 28, 2024) a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at
the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter
and for the portion of Holdings Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding
Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year and to the figures as set forth
in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d)), all in reasonable detail, certified by a Responsible Officer on
behalf of Holdings as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders
equity and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments, including,
but not limited to, purchase accounting adjustments, and the absence of footnotes;

(c)as
soon as available, but in any event within 40 days (or with respect to the Fiscal Months ending February 2025, March 2025 and
April 2025, 60 days) after the end of each of the Fiscal Months of each Fiscal Year of Holdings (commencing with the Fiscal Month
ending in February 2025), a Consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month, and
the related Consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Month and for the portion of Holdings
Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form for the corresponding month of the previous Fiscal Year and the
corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, and to the figures as set forth in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d),
all in reasonable detail and duly certified by a Responsible Officer on behalf of Holdings as fairly presenting in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance
with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end and quarterly adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and

(d)as
soon as available, but in any event no later than 60 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Holdings (commencing with the Fiscal Year
ending March 29, 2025), an annual budget of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the immediately following
Fiscal Year, prepared by management of the Loan Parties for its internal use consistent with the annual budget and related financial
statements delivered by the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent.

6.02Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(a)concurrently
with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) (commencing with the
financial statements for the period ending March 31, 2025), (i) a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible
Officer of Holdings, and (ii) notice of any change in the location of any office in which a Loan Party maintains books or records
relating to Collateral owned by it or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment
of any such new office or facility);

84

(b)concurrently
with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(c), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed
by a Responsible Officer of Holdings, as of the most recent Fiscal Month end for which financial statements are available or were required
to be delivered under Section 6.01(c).

(c)the
Borrowing Base Calculation information and items described on Schedule 6.02(c) hereto by the respective dates set forth therein.
All information provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in each Borrowing Base Calculation (i) shall be certified (through
ABLSoft) to be true and correct in all respects and based on information contained in the Borrowers financial records, (ii) 
shall be in accordance with the representations, warranties, agreements and covenants for such information in this Agreement as to the
determination of the Borrowing Base and (iii) may be utilized for the determination and calculation of the Borrowing Base;

(d)promptly
after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which
Holdings or the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent
pursuant hereto;

(e)not
later than seven (7) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of all notices, requests
and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) so received under or pursuant to any Term Loan Document or
instrument, indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement regarding or related to any breach or default by any party thereto or any
other event that, in each case, could have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f)promptly
after any Loan Party has knowledge thereof, written notice of (i) any action or proceeding relating to any Environmental Law pending
or threatened against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any noncompliance with any Environmental Law by any Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) the existence of any Environmental Liability, or (iv) the existence of any Release of Hazardous
Materials at any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, which action,
proceeding, non-compliance, Environmental Liability or Release could (x) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
or (y) cause any property described in the Mortgages to be subject to any material restrictions on ownership, occupancy, use or
transferability under any Environmental Law;

(g)as
soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower, to the extent that it
would reflect information not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, (i) a report supplementing Schedules 5.08(c),
5.08(d) and 5.08(d)(ii), including an identification of all owned real property disposed of by any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary thereof and all leased real property disposed of by any Loan Party or any Domestic Subsidiary during such Fiscal Year, a list
and description (including the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, record owner, book value thereof and, in
the case of leases of property, lessor, lessee, expiration date and annual rental cost thereof) of all Real Estate acquired or leased
during such Fiscal Year and a description of such other changes in the information included in such Schedules as may be necessary for
such Schedules to be accurate and complete, (ii) a report supplementing Schedules 5.08(e), 5.13 and 5.17
containing a description of all changes in the information included in such Schedules as may be necessary for such Schedules to be accurate
and complete, each such report to be signed by a Responsible Officer of Holdings and to be in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and (iii) a duly completed Perfection Certificate Supplement;

85

(h)at
least five (5) Business Days prior written notice (or such shorter period as to which the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion
agrees) of any change in: (i) any Loan Partys name (ii) any Loan Partys organizational structure or jurisdiction
of incorporation or formation; or (iii) any Loan Partys Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification
number assigned to it by its state of organization;

(i)promptly
after the request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or
such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation;

(j)upon
request by the Administrative Agent, copies of: (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500
Series) filed by any ERISA Affiliate with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Pension Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial
valuation report for each Pension Plan; and (iii) all notices received by any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor
or any governmental agency concerning an ERISA Event; and

(k)promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof,
as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

Documents
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(c) (to
the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered by Approved Electronic Communications
and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides
a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02; or (ii)) on
which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided
that: (A) upon request, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent, and (B) the
Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by Approved Electronic Communications) of the posting of any such documents and provide
such documents to the Administrative Agent by Approved Electronic Communications. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to
request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor
compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to
it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

86

The Borrower hereby acknowledges
that (1) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by
or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials
on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform) and (2) certain of the Lenders may
be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material nonpublic information with respect to the Borrower
or its securities) (each, a Public Lender). The Borrower hereby agrees that at any time that the Borrower
is the issuer of any outstanding debt or equity securities that are registered or issued pursuant to a private offering or is actively
contemplating issuing any such securities it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials
that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (w) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked
PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof;
(x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent,
the Arranger and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may
be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities
laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set
forth in Section 11.07); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through
a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled
to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform
not designated Public Investor.

6.03Notices.
Promptly, after knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer, notify the Administrative Agent:

(a)of
the occurrence of any Default;

(b)of
any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including as a result of (i) breach
or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; (ii) any dispute,
litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof and any Governmental Authority;
or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;

(c)of
the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)of
any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof;

(e)of
(i) any casualty or other insured damage to any portion of the Collateral or (ii) the commencement of any action or proceeding
for the taking of any interest in a portion of the Collateral under power of eminent domain or (iii) any condemnation or similar
proceeding or if any portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed; provided, however, that with respect to each of
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the amount of Collateral affected thereby shall have an aggregate fair market value in excess
of $1.0 million;

(f)of
any change in Holdings or the Borrowers chief executive officer or chief financial officer;

(g)any
termination, withdrawal or resignation of Holdings or the Borrowers Registered Public Accounting Firm; and

(h)any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently delivered to such Lender that would result
in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification.

87

Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall
be made by Approved Electronic Communications accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details
of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.

6.04Payment
of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable (a) all Taxes upon it or its properties or assets
in all respects, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, adequate reserves
in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary and such contest effectively suspends the collection
of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation; except for Taxes that could not reasonably be expected
to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) all material lawful claims which, if unpaid, would
by law become a Lien upon its property (except as set forth in clause (a) above).

6.05Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with respect to the maintenance of good standing status of any Loan Party (other than
the Borrower), it will not be a breach of clause (a) of this Section 6.05 unless the failure to maintain good standing
of such Loan Party could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all
rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent
that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered
patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation or non-renewal of which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

6.06Maintenance
of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of
its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear, casualty or condemnation excepted; and (b) make all necessary
repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except, in each case, where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.07Maintenance
of Insurance. Subject to Section 6.19

(a)Maintain
with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Loan Parties, insurance with respect to its properties
and business against loss or damage (i) of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business,
of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons or (ii) substantially
similar to insurance maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, in each case, subject to such changes as the
Borrower may reasonably deem appropriate in its business judgment with respect to deductibles, self-insured amounts, coverage exclusions
and maximum covered losses (provided that none of such policies shall include a co-insurance clause) and with respect to policies
for Holdings and the Domestic Subsidiaries, providing for not less than 30 days prior notice (10 days prior notice in the
case of cancellation for nonpayment) to the Administrative Agent of termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance.

(b)With
respect to each improved Real Estate subject to a Mortgage, obtain flood insurance with coverages and in amounts sufficient to comply
with the Flood Insurance Laws and, in any event, in an amount not less than $5.0 million for Zone A special flood hazard areas
and $10.0 million for all other special flood hazard areas, in each case, as set forth on any Flood Insurance Rate Map
published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), otherwise comply with all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

88

(c)Fire
and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral shall be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) a
mortgage clause (regarding improvements to Real Estate) and lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form
and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds
otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Collateral Agent, and (ii) such other provisions as the
Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Commercial general liability
policies shall be endorsed to name the Collateral Agent as an additional insured. Business interruption policies with respect to Holdings
and the Domestic Subsidiaries shall name the Collateral Agent as a loss payee and shall be endorsed or amended to include (A) a
provision that, from and after the Closing Date, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies
directly to the Collateral Agent, and (B) such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require from time to time
to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07 shall also provide that it shall
not be canceled or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior
written notice thereof by the insurer to the Collateral Agent (giving the Collateral Agent the right to cure defaults in the payment
of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the
insurer to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification adverse
to the Lenders, or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal
of a policy previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent of payment of the premium therefor.

(d)In
the event that any part of the Collateral (other than, so long as the Term Facility is outstanding, Term Priority Collateral) is damaged
by fire or other casualty and the insurance proceeds for such damage are greater than $5.0 million in any Fiscal Year, whether or not
a Cash Dominion Trigger Event then exists, such proceeds, in their entirety, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative
Agent shall promptly apply such proceeds to reduce the Borrowers outstanding Credit Extensions in accordance with Sections 2.05(e) or
8.03, as applicable. In the event any part of the Collateral (other than, so long as the Term Facility is outstanding, Term Priority
Collateral) is damaged by fire or other casualty and the insurance proceeds for such damage are less than $5.0 million in any Fiscal
Year, such proceeds, in their entirety, shall be delivered to the Borrower, unless a Cash Dominion Trigger Event is then occurring, in
which event such proceeds shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly apply such proceeds
to reduce the Borrowers outstanding balance of Credit Extensions in accordance with Sections 2.05(e) or 8.03,
as applicable.

(e)None
of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required
to be maintained under this Section 6.07. Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties
other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation
against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights
against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of
recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance
coverage by any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by
such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties.

89

6.08Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable
to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or
decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have
been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.09Books
and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries in conformity in all material respects with GAAP under
U.S. law, with respect to Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries, and under applicable foreign law, with respect to Foreign Subsidiaries
(provided that nothing in this Section 6.09 shall affect the obligation of Holdings to provide financial statements in accordance
with GAAP under Section 6.01), consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the
assets and business of the Loan Parties.

6.10Inspection
Rights.

(a)Permit
representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent (accompanied by any Lender (with the consent of the Borrower
(not to be unreasonably withheld)) to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial, insurance, and operating
records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers,
and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), all at such reasonable times
during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided,
however, that unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may make only one such visit
in any Fiscal Year at the Borrowers expense, provided further that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent
(or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during
normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice to the extent practicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 6.10(a), none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination
or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (a) constitutes non-financial
trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
(or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (c) is subject to attorney-client
or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product.

(b)Upon
the request of the Administrative Agent after reasonable prior notice, permit the Administrative Agent or professionals (including investment
bankers, consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers) retained by the Administrative Agent to conduct appraisals, collateral field
examinations and other evaluations, including, without limitation, of (i) the Borrowers practices in the computation of the
Borrowing Base, and (ii) the assets included in the Borrowing Base and related financial information such as, but not limited to,
sales, gross margins, payables, accruals and reserves. Subject to the following sentences, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses
of the Administrative Agent or such professionals with respect to such evaluations and appraisals. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may undertake up to two (2) inventory appraisals and two (2) collateral
field examinations each eighteen (18) month period, at the Loan Parties expense; provided that, as long as no Enhanced
Collateral Trigger Event exists, the Administrative Agent may conduct no more than one collateral field examination and one inventory
appraisal in any twelve month period at the Loan Parties expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may
cause additional appraisals and collateral field examinations to be undertaken (y) as it in its discretion deems necessary or appropriate,
at its own expense, or (z) if required by applicable Law or if a Default shall have occurred and be continuing, at the expense of
the Loan Parties.

90

6.11Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions to (i) provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate
purposes of the Loan Parties, (ii) to refinance in full, on the Closing Date, the DIP ABL Facility, (iii) to pay Transaction
Expenses, and (iv) for general corporate purposes, in each case, solely to the extent in accordance with and subject to the Loan
Documents. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its
Subsidiaries and its and their respective directors, officers and employees shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of
Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything
else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any manner that
would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

6.12Covenant
to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security.

(a)Upon
the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary by any Loan Party (other than (i) any Domestic Subsidiary
owned directly or indirectly by a CFC or (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary if substantially all of the assets of such Domestic Subsidiary
consist of Equity Interests in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs), then the Borrower shall, at the Borrowers expense,
within the time period specified below unless the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion consents to an extension thereof:

(i)within
30 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if
it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a counterpart to this Agreement, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, guaranteeing the other Loan Parties obligations under the Loan Documents,

(ii)within
30 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has
not already done so) to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent supplements to the Collateral Documents and other security
and pledge agreements covering the personal property of such Subsidiaries, as specified by and in form and substance satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent (including delivery of all Pledged Debt and Pledged Equity in and of such Subsidiary, and other instruments
of the type specified in Section 4.01(a)(iii)), securing payment of all the Obligations of such Subsidiary or such parent,
as the case may be, under the Loan Documents and constituting Liens on all such personal properties,

(iii)within
30 days after such formation or acquisition, cause such Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has
not already done so) to take whatever action (including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, the giving of notices
and the endorsement of notices on title documents) may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in
the Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on the personal
properties purported to be subject to Collateral Documents, as applicable, and the security and pledge agreements delivered pursuant
to this Section 6.12, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, and

91

(iv)within
30 days after such formation or acquisition, deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon the request of the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties, of counsel
for the Loan Parties acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the matters contained in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above,
and as to such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(b)Subject
to the Intercreditor Agreement, promptly grant to the Collateral Agent, within 30 days of the acquisition thereof, a security interest
in and Mortgages on each parcel of Real Estate owned in fee by such Loan Party as is acquired by such Loan Party after the Closing Date
and that, together with any improvements thereon, individually has a fair market value of at least $5.0 million as additional security
for the Obligations (unless the subject property is already mortgaged to a third party to the extent permitted by Section 7.01).
Such Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected Liens subject only to Permitted Liens or other Liens acceptable
to the Administrative Agent. The Mortgages or instruments related thereto shall be duly recorded or filed in such manner and in such
places as are required by law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted
pursuant to the Mortgages and all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full. Such Loan Party
shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent such documents as the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent shall require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of any existing Mortgage or new Mortgage
against such after-acquired Real Estate (including (i) a fully paid American Land Title Association Lenders Extended Coverage
title insurance policies or applicable state title policy in form and substance, with endorsements and in amounts acceptable to the Administrative
Agent, issued by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insuring the Mortgages to be valid and subsisting
Liens on the property described therein, free and clear of all defects (including, but not limited to, mechanics and materialmens
Liens) and encumbrances, excepting only Permitted Encumbrances and other Liens permitted under the Loan Documents, and providing for
such other affirmative insurance (including endorsements for future advances under the Loan Documents, for mechanics and materialmens
Liens and for zoning of the applicable property) and as the Administrative Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable (a Mortgage
Policy), (ii) a Survey, (iii) the Flood Documentation and (iv) a local counsel opinion (in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent) in respect of such Mortgage).

(c)Concurrently
with the guarantee by any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of any obligations under the Term Loan Documents, cause such direct
or indirect Subsidiary to guarantee the Obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and otherwise comply with the requirements of this
Section 6.12.

(d)At
any time upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take
all such other action as the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in obtaining the full benefits of, or (as
applicable) in perfecting and preserving the Liens of, such guaranties, deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages,
leasehold mortgages, leasehold deeds of trust, supplements to the Collateral Documents and other security and pledge agreements.

(e)Subject
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and prior to the satisfaction of the Discharge of Term Obligations, with respect to any obligation
under this Section 6.12 or any Collateral Document to deliver possession or control of any Collateral on which there is a
Second Priority Lien by the Collateral Agent, such obligation shall be deemed satisfied by the delivery of possession or control of such
Collateral to the collateral agent for the Term Facility (holding for the benefit of the Collateral Agent
for the Credit Parties).

92

6.13Cash
Management.

(a)On
or prior to the forty-fifth (45th) day following the Closing Date (or such later date as may be agreed by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion):

(i)deliver
to the Administrative Agent copies of notifications (each, a Credit Card Notification) substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit J which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party and delivered to such Loan Partys
credit card clearinghouses and processors listed on Schedule 6.12; and

(ii)enter
into a deposit account control agreement (each, a Control Agreement) in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent with respect to each Deposit Account of any Loan Party (other than Excluded Accounts) with each Controlled
Account Bank (collectively, the Controlled Accounts).

(b)Except
as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party shall require that all cash payments of Accounts (including credit card
payments), Inventory and other Collateral be remitted to a Deposit Account of a Loan Party subject to a Control Agreement (subject
to the period set forth in clause (a)(ii) above to enter into Control Agreements on the Controlled Accounts) (collectively,
the Concentration Accounts) no less frequently than on each Business Day, and pursuant to a cash management
system reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; provided that the Loan Parties cash management system as of the
Closing Date is deemed to be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Each
Control Agreement shall require, after notice from the Collateral Agent to a Controlled Account Bank of the occurrence of a Cash Dominion
Trigger Event (and until the Collateral Agent notifies such Controlled Account Bank that such Cash Dominion Trigger Event has terminated),
the ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than each Business Day (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Obligations) from
the applicable Concentration Account to an account designated by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agents
Account).

(d)From
and after the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event and until such Cash Dominion Trigger Event is no longer continuing, the Loan
Parties shall provide the Collateral Agent with an accounting of the contents of the Controlled Accounts and the Concentration Accounts,
which shall identify, to the satisfaction of the Collateral Agent, the proceeds from the Term Priority Collateral which were deposited
into a Controlled Account and swept to a Concentration Account. Upon the receipt of (x) the contents of the Controlled Accounts,
and (y) such accounting, the Collateral Agent agrees to promptly remit to the agent under the Term Facility the proceeds of the
Term Priority Collateral received by the Administrative Agent.

(e)The
Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) after notice from the Collateral Agent to a Controlled Account Bank of the continuance
of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, the Loan Parties have no right of withdrawal from the Concentration Accounts, (ii) the funds on
deposit in the Concentration Accounts shall at all times be collateral security for all of the Obligations and (iii) after notice
from the Collateral Agent to a Controlled Account Bank of the continuance of a Cash Dominion Trigger Event, the funds on deposit in the
Concentration Accounts shall be applied as provided in this Agreement, and in any event, two (2) Business Days after Administrative
Agents receipt of such funds in the Administrative Agents Account. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of
this Section 6.12, any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any such proceeds or collections, such
proceeds and collections shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Collateral Agent, shall not be commingled with any of such
Loan Partys other funds or deposited in any account of such Loan Party and shall, not later than the Business Day after receipt
thereof, be deposited into a Concentration Account or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Collateral
Agent.

93

6.14Physical
Inventories. Cause at least one (1) physical perpetual cycle count at each of the Borrowers
locations to be undertaken in each eighteen (18) month period conducted by such inventory takers as are satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent and following such methodology as is consistent with the methodology used in the immediately preceding perpetual cycle count or
as otherwise may be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. The Borrower shall provide the Collateral Agent information regarding
the results of such cycle counts in form and detail consistent with past practices under the Existing Credit Agreement or as otherwise
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

6.15Further
Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any
material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any
of the foregoing, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and
all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative
Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, subject any Loan Partys or any of the Subsidiaries properties, assets,
rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain
the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and
(iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Credit Parties the rights
granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Credit Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed
in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of the Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of the
Subsidiaries to do so.

6.16Lenders
Meetings. The Borrower will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders, participate in a meeting of the Administrative
Agent and Lenders once during each Fiscal Year to be held, at the request of the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders, by teleconference
or at the Borrowers corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent)
at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

6.17[Reserved].

6.18[Reserved].

6.19Post-Closing
Matters. Within the time frames set forth on Schedule 6.19, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agents the items set forth on Schedule
6.19.

94

Article VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than any indemnity obligation
for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement) or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding,
the Borrower shall not (and with respect to Section 7.13 only, Holdings shall not), nor shall the Borrower permit any Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly:

7.01Liens.
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, other than the following Liens (Liens described below are
herein referred to as Permitted Liens):

(a)Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens
existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the
property covered thereby is not changed in any material manner, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except
as contemplated by Section 7.02(f), and (iii) the direct and contingent obligors with respect thereto are not changed (other
than to decrease the number of obligors), and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted
by Section 7.02(f);

(c)Liens
for taxes not yet due or which are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

(d)carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of
business which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or which are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

(e)(i) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social
security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing
liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees
for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries;

(f)deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety
and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g)easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting Real Estate which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable
Person;

(h)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(i)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02(g); provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber
any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost
of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition, and (iii) such Lien and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred
contemporaneously with or within two hundred seventy (270) days after the acquisition of such property;

(j)Liens
securing the Term Loan Obligations to the extent such Liens are subject to the Intercreditor Agreement;

(k)landlords
and lessors Liens in respect of rent and other lease obligations that are not past due for a period of 60 days or more or that
are the subject of a Permitted Protest;

95

(l)possessory
Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments, provided that
such Liens (i) attach only to such Investments and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising
in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing;

(m)Liens
arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, ordinary course Liens in favor of
securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds
maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries;

(n)Liens
arising from precautionary UCC filings regarding true operating leases or the consignment of goods to a Loan
Party;

(o)Liens
in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with
the importation of goods and securing obligations (i) that are not overdue by more than sixty (60) days, or (ii) that are the
subject of a Permitted Protest;

(p)Liens
on specific existing assets and proceeds thereof (other than assets of the type included in the Borrowing Base, except to the extent
that the Administrative Agent is reasonably satisfied that such Lien does not interfere with Collateral Agents Lien on such assets
and Collateral Agent's ability to realize on such Lien on such assets and the proceeds thereof) of a Person acquired following the Closing
Date in existence on the date such Person became a Subsidiary; provided that such Liens were not created in anticipation of the
transaction pursuant to which such Person became a Subsidiary;

(q)licenses
of Intellectual Property permitted under Section 7.05(g) hereof;

(r)Liens
on the assets of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties securing Indebtedness or other obligations of such Subsidiaries that are not
Loan Parties permitted by Section 7.02;

(s)other
Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors outstanding in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed $5.0 million;

(t)leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or (ii) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries or (iii) secure any Indebtedness;

(u)Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or
purchase agreement permitted hereunder;

(v)ground
leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located; and

(w)Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto.

7.02Indebtedness.
Create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist or otherwise become liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except (Indebtedness described
below is herein referred to as Permitted Indebtedness):

(a)obligations
(contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries existing or arising under any Swap Contract; provided that
such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating
risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates or foreign exchange rates or otherwise to mitigate risks associated with its assets
or liabilities or business operations;

96

(b)(i) Indebtedness
of a Subsidiary of the Borrower owed to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower
owed to any Subsidiaries of the Borrower, in each case, which Indebtedness shall (A) in the case of Indebtedness owed to a Loan
Party, constitute Pledged Debt under the Security Agreement, (B) be on terms (including subordination terms, if owed
by a Loan Party) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (C) be otherwise permitted under the provisions of Section 7.03;

(c)Indebtedness
under the Loan Documents;

(d)Indebtedness
of the Loan Parties under the Term Facility and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (including Guarantees of any
Guarantor in respect of such Indebtedness) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (i) $115.0 million, plus (ii) the
aggregate principal amount of Incremental Term Loans permitted to be incurred under the Term Loan Agreement as of the Closing
Date (provided, that (A) subject to subclause (B) below, amounts incurred pursuant to this clause (ii) shall only
permit or require regular payments in cash of interest for such amounts in an aggregate principal amount up to $35.0 million, and (B) amounts
incurred pursuant to this clause (ii) shall not permit or require regular payments in cash of interest at an annual rate in excess
of the applicable Benchmark rate plus 1.00% if, at the time of such interest payment, Excess Availability (after giving effect
to such payment) is less than 17.5% of the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base and (y) the Aggregate Commitments (it being understood
and agreed that the Administrative Agent may implement Reserves in respect of any such required interest payments if Excess Availability
is less than 17.5% of the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base and (y) the Aggregate Commitments)), plus (iii) the
amount of any paid-in-kind interest or fees and prepayment premiums thereon, and other reasonable amounts paid, and fees (including original
issue discount and upfront fees) and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with the foregoing;

(e)Indebtedness
outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(f)Guarantees
of the Borrower or any Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(g)Indebtedness
in respect of Capital Lease Obligations, Synthetic Lease Obligations, and Purchase Money Obligations for fixed or capital assets within
the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(i) and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided,
however, that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed $15.0 million;

(h)[reserved];

(i)Permitted
Holdco Debt;

(j)unsecured
Indebtedness of any Loan Party with no scheduled payments of principal until the date that is 6 months after the Scheduled Maturity Date;
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed $5.0
million;

97

(k)Indebtedness
of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $15.0 million at any time outstanding; provided, however, to
the extent any such Indebtedness is secured, any Liens securing such Indebtedness shall not cover any ABL Priority Collateral unless
such Liens are subject to an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent);

(l)Indebtedness
of Foreign Subsidiaries under the Swedish Credit Facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent (as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent) of $55.0 million outstanding at any time; and

(m)other
Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including any Foreign Subsidiaries) in an aggregate principal amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed $10.0 million.

For purposes of determining compliance with any
U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated
in a non-U.S. currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred;
provided that, if such Indebtedness is incurred to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness denominated
in a foreign currency, and such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable U.S.
dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension,
replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been
exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being
extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased.

7.03Investments.
Make or hold any Investments, except:

(a)Investments
held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form of Cash Equivalents;

(b)Investments
consisting of loans and advances to officers, directors and employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of capital
stock of Holdings and for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, in an aggregate amount not to exceed
$2.5 million at any time outstanding;

(c)

(i)Investments
outstanding on the Closing Date by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries;

(ii)additional
Investments by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties at the time of the making of such Investment;

(iii)additional
Investments by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Loan Parties (including Foreign Subsidiaries) in other Subsidiaries that are
not Loan Parties (including Foreign Subsidiaries); and

(iv)so
long as no Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom, additional Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are
not Loan Parties in an amount outstanding pursuant to this clause (iv) not to exceed $10.0 million;

98

(d)Investments
consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account
debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(e)Guarantees
permitted by Section 7.02;

(f)Investments
existing on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 5.08(e) and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment
or extension of any of the foregoing that does not increase the amount thereof;

(g)Investments
in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 7.02(a);

(h)[reserved];

(i)Investments
consisting of Liens, Indebtedness, Dispositions and/or Restricted Payments permitted hereunder;

(j)promissory
notes and other non-cash consideration that is permitted to be received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05;

(k)any
Investments made with the proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower from the substantially concurrent issuance of new Equity
Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) issued by Holdings and not used for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement;

(l)other
Investments by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $7.5 million at any time outstanding;

(m)[reserved];

(n)Investments
to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect
parent thereof);

(o)Investments
held by a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged into the Borrower or merged or consolidated with a Subsidiary
in accordance with Section 7.04;

(p)after
the Closing Date (other than existing Investments in subsidiaries of such Subsidiary or Person, which must comply with the requirements
of Section 7.02 (h) or (l)) to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with
such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

(q)Guarantees
by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries of leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; and

(r)other
Investments, so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied.

7.04Fundamental
Changes. (a) Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction
or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any
Person, except that:

(i)any
Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge with (i) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving
Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, provided that when any Loan Party is merging with another Subsidiary
that is not a Loan Party, such Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person;

99

(ii)any
Subsidiary (other than the Borrower) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise)
to the Borrower or to another Loan Party (other than Holdings);

(iii)any
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (i) may dispose of all or substantially all its assets (including any Disposition that is in
the nature of a liquidation) to (A) another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (B) to a Loan Party (other than Holdings),
or (ii) may be dissolved, with its assets (if any) being transferred in accordance with clause (i) hereof;

(iv)[reserved];

(v)any
Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 may be structured as a sale of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of
a Subsidiary,

(vi)any
Subsidiary which has no assets to distribute to its equity holders may be dissolved or liquidated; and

(vii)any
Foreign Subsidiary may be dissolved or liquidated, including through an insolvency, bankruptcy or equivalent proceeding.

(b)Consummate
a Division as the Dividing Person, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if
any Loan Party that is a limited liability company consummates a Division (with or without the prior consent of Administrative Agent
as required above), each Division Successor shall be required to comply with the obligations set forth in Section 6.12 and
the other further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents and become a Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.

7.05Dispositions.
Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a)Dispositions
of obsolete or worn out property, or property (including Intellectual Property) that is no longer used or useful in the business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in each case, in the ordinary course of business (it being understood
that this clause (a) does not include the liquidation of any Store or the inventory and other assets located therein);

(b)Dispositions
of inventory and goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business;

(c)Dispositions
of equipment or Real Estate to the extent that such property is exchanged for credit against all or a portion of the purchase price of
similar replacement property and, if such property is Collateral, then such replacement property is made subject to Liens and security
interests in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Credit Parties;

100

(d)Dispositions
of property by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property
is a Subsidiary Guarantor, the transferee thereof must either be the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor or an Investment permitted under
Section 7.03;

(e)to
the extent constituting a Disposition, Liens permitted by Section 7.01, Investments permitted by Section 7.03, and Restricted
Payments permitted by Section 7.06;

(f)bulk
sales or other dispositions of the Inventory of the Borrower or a Subsidiary not in the ordinary course of business in connection with
Store closings, at arms length, provided, that such Store closures and related Inventory dispositions shall not exceed
(i) in any Fiscal Year, fifteen percent (15%) of the number of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries Stores as of the
beginning of such Fiscal Year (net of new Store openings in such Fiscal Year) and (ii) in the aggregate from and after the Closing
Date, thirty-five percent (35%) of the number of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries Stores in existence as of the Closing
Date (net of new Store openings), provided, that all sales of Inventory in connection with Store closings in excess of ten (10) Store
closings in any three month period, shall be in accordance with liquidation agreements and with professional liquidators reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent; provided, further that all Net Cash Proceeds received in connection therewith are applied
to the Obligations if then required hereunder;

(g)grants
of (A) licenses of Intellectual Property of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, (B) non-exclusive
licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of business,
(C) licenses of Intellectual Property that could not result in a legal transfer of the licensed property but that may be exclusive
as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States, and (D) licenses of Intellectual Property that
may be exclusive as to particular field of use to the extent such licenses do not materially adversely interfere with the business of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(h)other
Dispositions by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 million in the aggregate;
provided that, in the case of a Disposition of ABL Priority Collateral only, (i) at the time of such Disposition, no Default
shall exist or would result from such Disposition, (ii) such Disposition is for fair market value of such disposed property and
(iii) at least 75% of the purchase price for such asset shall be paid to the Borrower or such Subsidiary in cash or Cash Equivalents;
provided, further, that, to the extent any such Disposition or series of related Dispositions includes ABL Priority Collateral
with a value in excess of $500,000, the Borrower shall submit an updated Borrowing Base Calculation (giving effect to such Disposition)
prior to the consummation of such Disposition;

(i)licenses
for the conduct of licensed departments (other than to an Affiliate of any Loan Party) within any Store in the ordinary course of business;
and

(j)other
Dispositions in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1.5 million.

provided,
however, that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (a) though (d), and clause (f) shall be for fair market
value.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else
in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, no Disposition consisting of Material Intellectual Property may be made
from any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor (other than licensing or sublicensing of such Material Intellectual Property
made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, provided such licensing or sublicensing is not an exclusive
license).

101

7.06Restricted
Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that:

(a)each
Subsidiary of the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to any other Loan Party (other than Holdings) and any other Person that owns
a direct Equity Interest (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) in such Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective holdings
of the type of Equity Interests in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made;

(b)the
Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common or preferred
stock or other common or preferred Equity Interests of such Person (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); provided that such
Equity Interests shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent to the extent required by Section 6.12 hereof;

(c)to
the extent constituting Restricted Payments, Holdings and its Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate Investments permitted by Section 7.03,
and the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings, the proceeds of which shall be used to make payments permitted under Section 7.08(c) (but
only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Borrower or a Subsidiary);

(d)the
Borrower may declare and pay cash dividends to Holdings (or any director or indirect parent thereof) in an amount not to exceed an amount
necessary to permit Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) to pay (i) reasonable and customary corporate and operating
expenses relating to maintaining its ownership interest in the Borrower (including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for legal, administrative
and accounting services provided by third parties, and compensation, benefits and other amounts payable to officers and employees in
connection with their employment in the ordinary course of business and to board of director observers), (ii) franchise Taxes and
similar fees required to maintain its corporate existence, (iii) any income Taxes imposed on Holdings or its direct or indirect
parent of Holdings as the common parent of a consolidated, combined or similar Tax group of which the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries
are members, up to an amount not to exceed the amount of any such income Taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been
required to pay on a separate company (or a stand-alone Tax group) basis (reduced by any income Taxes paid directly by the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries); provided that in determining the hypothetical income Tax liability of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries
on a separate company (or a stand-alone Tax group) basis for the purpose of clause (iii), any interest expense on any Indebtedness incurred
by Holdings shall be treated as the interest expense of the Borrower; and (iv) all costs or fees incurred in compliance with or
in anticipation of compliance with Securities Laws and state securities Laws;

(e)Borrower
may (or make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof to) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
or retire shares of its capital stock held by officers, directors or employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof)
or any Subsidiary (or their estates or trusts) following the death, disability or termination of employment of any such Person and, so
long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or would result therefrom), the Borrower may pay dividends to Holdings (or
any direct or indirect parent thereof) to permit such repurchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition; provided that the aggregate
amount of payments to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) by the Borrower under this clause (d) will not exceed
$2.5 million in any Fiscal Year of the Borrower (with any unused portion of such scheduled amount available for use in any succeeding
Fiscal Year);

102

(f)repurchases
of Equity Interests in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) deemed to
occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or similar rights to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise
price of such options or warrants or similar rights; or (ii) in consideration of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future,
present or former employee, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs,
legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing), including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options;

(g)the
Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) (and Holdings may make Restricted Payments
to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) the proceeds of which shall be used to make payments permitted under Sections 7.08(d),
(e) and (f) (but only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Borrower
or a Subsidiary); and

(h)other
Restricted Payments, so long as the Payment Conditions have been satisfied.

7.07Change
in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by
the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto.

7.08Transactions
with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Loan Parties involving aggregate consideration
in excess of $1.5 million, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as
favorable to the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable
arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply
to:

(a)transactions
among the (i) Loan Parties, (ii) any Subsidiaries of Holdings that are not Loan Parties or (iii) the Loan Parties, on
the one hand, and any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, on the other hand, that are at least as favorable to the Loan Parties as could
be obtained in an arms-length transaction from an unaffiliated party;

(b)(i) any
Indebtedness permitted by Section7.02; (ii) any Investments permitted by Section 7.03, (iii) any Disposition
permitted by Section 7.05 and (iii) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.06;

(c)so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the payment of Transaction Expenses;

(d)employment,
consulting and severance agreements;

(e)loans
and advances permitted by Section 7.03(b);

(f)payment
of directors fees, expenses and indemnities;

(g)incurrence
of Subordinated Indebtedness by the Loan Parties to the Equity Investors otherwise permitted hereunder or the issuance of Equity Interests
by Holdings to the Equity Investors; provided that no such Equity Interests may constitute Disqualified Equity Interests.

(h)transactions
with joint ventures permitted hereunder for the purchase or sale of goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business
on terms no less favorable to the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary at the
time in a comparable arms length transaction; and

103

(i)to
the extent constituting Affiliates of the Loan Parties, transactions with the Term Loan Lenders in their respective capacities as such.

7.09Burdensome
Agreements. Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that
(a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary of Borrower to make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer
property to or invest in any Loan Party, except for any agreement in effect (A) on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule
7.09 and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension of any of the foregoing or (B) at the time any Person
becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary
of Borrower, (ii) of any Subsidiary of Borrower to Guarantee the Indebtedness of the Borrower, (iii) of any Subsidiary of Borrower
to make or repay loans to a Loan Party or (iv) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens
on property of such Person; provided, however, that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided
in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02 solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates
to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness; or (b) requires the grant of a Permitted Lien to secure an obligation
of such Person if a Permitted Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person. The foregoing restrictions shall not be violated
by reason of (i) applicable Laws, (ii) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iii) (A) the Term Loan Documents
so long as the restrictions of the kind referred to in the previous sentence contained therein, taken as a whole, are not materially
more restrictive than those contained in the Term Loan Documents, (B) the Swedish Credit Facility, or (C) documents governing
Permitted Holdco Debt so long as the restrictions of the kind referred to in the previous sentence contained therein, taken as a whole,
are no more restrictive than those contained herein, (iv) customary non-assignment provisions of any contract, lease or license
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, (v) customary restrictions on a Subsidiary im-posed pursuant to an agreement
entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Equity Interests or assets of a Subsidiary pending the closing
of such sale or disposition (so long as such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder), (vi) customary provisions in joint venture
agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures entered into in the ordinary course of business, (vii) documents
that represent Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party that is permitted by Section 7.02 to the extent such
restriction applies only to such Subsidiary, (viii) documents that comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement governing Indebtedness
entered into after the Closing Date and permitted under Section 7.02 that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment
of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such
type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the restrictions contained in this Agreement), so long as the Borrower shall have
determined in good faith that such restrictions will not affect its obligation or ability to make any payments or grant any Liens required
hereunder or (ix) any restrictions under any agreement that amends, refinances or replaces any agreement containing restrictions
permitted under the preceding clauses provided that the terms and conditions are no less favorable taken as a whole to the Subsidiary.

7.10Amendments
of Material Indebtedness. Amend, modify or waive any of the Loan Partys rights under any Material Indebtedness (other than
the Term Facility or on account of any refinancing thereof otherwise permitted hereunder), in each case, to the extent that such amendment,
modification or waiver would, taken as a whole, would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt,
any amendment, modification or waiver of the Loan Partys rights under the Term Facility shall be subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement.

104

7.11Accounting
Changes. Make any change in their Fiscal Year; provided, however, that Holdings and the Borrower may, upon written notice to the
Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case,
Holdings, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement
that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year.

7.12Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner
any Indebtedness, or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Subordinated Indebtedness, except (a) regularly
scheduled or mandatory repayments or redemptions of Permitted Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness), (b) payments
of principal and/or interest in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness, solely to the extent expressly permitted by the applicable subordination
agreement, and (c) voluntary prepayments of Permitted Indebtedness so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied.

7.13Holding
Company. In the case of Holdings, engage in any business or activity other than (a) the ownership of all outstanding Equity
Interests in the Borrower, (b) maintaining its corporate existence, (c) participating in Tax, accounting and other administrative
activities as the parent of the Consolidated group of companies, including the Loan Parties, (d) the execution and delivery of the
Loan Documents, the Term Loan Documents, and any other agreements governing other Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not
otherwise prohibited hereunder and agreements governing Permitted Holdco Debt, in each case, to which it is a party and the performance
of its obligations thereunder, (e) any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance of its Equity Interests or any
transaction permitted under Section 7.04, (f) holding any cash or property received in connection with Restricted Payments
made by the Borrower in accordance with Section 7.06 pending application thereof by Holdings, (g) providing indemnification
to officers and directors, (h) any activities in connection with the Transactions and (i) activities incidental to the businesses
or activities described in clauses (a) through (h) of this Section.

7.14Deposit
Accounts. Open new DDAs or Controlled Accounts unless the Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent appropriate Control
Agreements consistent with the provisions of Section 6.13, and otherwise satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; provided,
however, that Control Agreements shall not be required for any Excluded Account. No Loan Party shall maintain any bank accounts
or enter into any agreements with credit card processors other than the ones expressly contemplated herein or in Section 6.13
hereof.

7.15Minimum
Availability. The Borrower shall not permit Excess Availability at any time to be less than 10.0% of the lesser of (x) the Borrowing
Base and (y) the Aggregate Commitments.

7.16Sale
and Leaseback Transactions. Enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell or transfer
any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease
such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred.

Article VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01Events
of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a)Non-Payment.
The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to (i) pay when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan
or any L/C Obligation, or deposit any funds as cash collateral in respect of L/C Obligations, or (ii) pay within three Business
Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) pay within
five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

105

(b)Specific
Covenants with no Cure Period. Any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement
applicable to it contained in any of 6.02(c), 6.03(a), 6.05(a) (solely as it relates to the Borrower), 6.11,
6.13, 6.19 or Article VII; or

(c)Specific
Covenants with Five-Day Cure Period. Any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or
agreement applicable to it contained in any of Section 6.01, 6.02 (other than clause (c)), 6.03 (other than
clause (a)), 6.05(a) (solely as it relates to any Loan Party or Subsidiary other than the Borrower), 6.05 (other
than clause (a)), 6.07 or 6.15, and such failure continues for five Business Days; or

(d)Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a),
(b) or (c) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues
for 30 days following receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or

(e)Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including,
without limitation, any Borrowing Base Calculation) shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made;
or

(f)Cross-Default.
(i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period if any
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, or
(B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or contained in any
instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event
is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee
or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness
to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase,
prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral
in respect thereof to be demanded; provided that this paragraph (f) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes
due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted
hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination
Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party
or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined)
under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event,
the Swap Termination Value owed by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $20.0 million; or

(g)Insolvency
Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver,
trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property;
or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or
consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person
and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or

106

(h)Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or
fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is
issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within
30 days after its issue or levy; or

(i)Judgments.
There is entered against any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary and remains unpaid one or more final judgments or orders for the payment
of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding $20.0 million (to the extent not covered by independent
third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified
of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage) and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment
or order, or (ii) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending
appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or

(j)ERISA.
An ERISA Event occurs or any substantially similar event occurs with respect to a Foreign Plan (that would have been an ERISA Event had
the Foreign Plan been subject to ERISA and that gives rise to liability under analogous foreign law) which, together with all other ERISA
Events (or such substantially similar events with respect to Foreign Plans) that have occurred, has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(k)Invalidity
of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other
than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect
against Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of
any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of
any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision
of any Loan Document; or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document;
or

(l)Change
of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(m)Collateral
Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Article IV, Section 6.12, or Section 6.12
shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease (or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or, in the reasonable
discretion of the Administrative Agent, any other Person not) to create a valid and perfected First Priority Lien or Second Priority
Lien, as applicable (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01, to the extent expressly permitted to be senior to such Liens),
on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, either (i) with an aggregate fair market value for such Collateral of (A) $2.0
million or more, in the case of Term Priority Collateral, or (B) $1.0 million or more, in the case of ABL Priority Collateral or
(ii) consisting of amounts on deposit with Controlled Account Banks or of the type included in the Borrowing Base in an amount of
more than $100,000.

107

8.02Remedies
upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may (and at the request of, or
with the consent of, the Required Lenders, shall) take any or all of the following actions:

(a)declare
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon
such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b)declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties;

(c)whether
or not the maturity of the Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights
and remedies under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity,
action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become
due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties;
and

(d)require
that the Loan Parties provide Letter of Credit Cash Collateralization in accordance with Section 2.03(n);

provided,
however that, upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy
Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions
shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall
automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Loan Parties to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall
automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

8.03Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately
due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02),
or after the commencement of any Liquidation, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, any amounts received on account of
the Obligations shall be applied (by the Administrative Agent as hereby instructed so to apply) in the following order:

First,
to payment in full of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and amounts payable under Article III)
payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such;

Second,
to payment in full of that portion of the Obligations constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than
principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the
respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts
described in this clause Second payable to them in their capacities as such;

108

Third,
to payment in full to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Swing
Line Loans;

Fourth,
to payment in full of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, Letter of Credit Disbursements
and other Obligations, and fees (including Letter of Credit Fees), ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the
respective amounts described in this clause Fourth payable to them in their capacities as such;

Fifth,
to payment in full to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Swing Line Loans;

Sixth,
to payment in full of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and Letter of Credit Disbursements,
ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Sixth held
by them in their capacities as such;

Seventh,
to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize in full that portion of L/C Obligations comprised
of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit;

Eighth,
[reserved];

Ninth,
to payment in full of all other Obligations, ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this
clause Ninth held by them; and

Last,
the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the applicable Loan Parties or as otherwise required by
Law.

Subject to Section 2.03,
amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Seventh above shall
be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after
all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any,
in the order set forth above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
amounts received from the Borrower or any Guarantor that is not a an eligible contract participant under the Commodity
Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder shall not be applied to the Obligations that are Excluded Swap Obligations (it
being understood, that in the event that any amount is applied to Obligations other than Excluded Swap Obligations as a result of this
sentence, the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent permitted by law, make such adjustments as it determines are appropriate to distributions
pursuant to clause Ninth above from amounts received from eligible contract participants under the Commodity Exchange
Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder to ensure, as nearly as possible, that the proportional aggregate recoveries with respect
to Obligations described in clause Ninth above by the holders of any Excluded Swap Obligations are the same as the proportional
aggregate recoveries with respect to other Obligations pursuant to clause Ninth above).

Article IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01Appointment
and Authority.

(a)Each
of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Eclipse to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and
under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers
as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C
Issuers, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.

109

(b)The
Administrative Agent shall also act as the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a
Lender), Swing Line Lender (if applicable) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act
as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan
Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection,
the Collateral Agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.05
for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents,
or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Agents, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions
of this Article IX and Article XI (including Section 11.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents
and attorneys-in-fact were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

(c)Each
of the Lenders, for itself and on behalf of any of its Affiliates, and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Eclipse, in its capacity
as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to Eclipse,
in its capacity as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto.

9.02Rights
as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers
in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person
and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally
engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

9.03Exculpatory
Provisions. The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents:

(a)shall
not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b)shall
not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is required to exercise as directed
in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in
the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action
that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to liability or that
is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law; and

110

(c)shall
not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

The Agents shall not be liable
for any action taken or not taken by them (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances
as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative
Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or any L/C Issuer.

The Agents shall not be responsible
for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder
or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or
conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness
of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of
any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly
required to be delivered to the Agents.

9.04Reliance
by Agents. The Agents shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate,
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting
or other distribution) believed by them to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.
The Agents also may rely upon any statement made to them orally or by telephone and believed by them to have been made by the proper
Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of
a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuers,
the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance
of such Letter of Credit. The Agents may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and
other experts selected by them, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by them in accordance with the advice of any
such counsel, accountants or experts.

9.05Delegation
of Duties. The Agents may perform in any and all of their duties and exercise their rights and powers hereunder or under any other
Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable.
The Agents and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their duties and exercise their rights and powers by or through their respective
Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the
Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent.

111

9.06Resignation
of Agents. The Agents may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Borrower, including
the effective date of such resignation which may be not less than 30 days from the date of such notice. Upon receipt of any such notice
of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence
of an Event of Default (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with
an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have
been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agents give notice
of their resignation, then the retiring Agents may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent
and Collateral Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Agents shall notify the Borrower and the
Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance
with such notice and (a) the retiring Agents shall be discharged from their duties and obligations hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers
under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor
Collateral Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the
Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders
appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06. Upon the acceptance of a successors
appointment as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the retiring Administrative
Agent and Collateral Agent shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06). The fees payable by the Borrower
to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower
and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents resignation hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit
of such retiring Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, their respective sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent was acting as
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent.

9.07Non-Reliance
on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Agents, the Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges
that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agents, the Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and
based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking
or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder
or thereunder. Except as provided in Section 9.12, the Agents and the Arranger shall not have any duty or responsibility
to provide any Lender with any other credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of any Loan
Party that may come into the possession of the Agents and the Arranger.

9.08No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Arranger listed on the cover page hereof shall (i) have
any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable,
as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, a Lender or any L/C Issuer hereunder or (ii) any fiduciary relationship with
the Lenders, the Borrower or any other Person pursuant to the Loan Documents.

112

9.09Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation
shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise

(a)to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts
due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07, and 11.04) allowed in such judicial
proceeding; and

(b)to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer
to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly
to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07
and 11.04.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C
Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any
L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.

9.10Collateral
and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Agents, at their option and in their discretion,

(a)to
release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the
Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has
then been asserted) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in
connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to a Person that is not a Loan Party, or (iii) if
approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 11.01;

(b)to
release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted
hereunder; and

(c)to
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on
such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i).

Upon request by the Agents
at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Agents authority to release or subordinate their interest in particular
types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder pursuant to this Section 9.10. In
each case as specified in this Section 9.10, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, will, at the
Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to
evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to
subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations hereunder, in each case in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10.

113

9.11Notice
of Transfer. The Agents may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lenders portion of the Obligations
for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in
Section 11.06.

9.12Reports
and Financial Statements. By signing this Agreement, each Lender:

(a)[reserved];

(b)is
deemed to have requested that the Administrative Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all Borrowing
Base Calculations, financial statements required to be delivered by the Borrower hereunder and all collateral field examinations and
appraisals of the Collateral received by the Agents (collectively, the Reports), and the Administrative Agent
further agrees to deliver other information delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 upon the reasonable request of such Lender;

(c)expressly
agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the Reports, and (ii) shall
not be liable for any information contained in any Report;

(d)expressly
agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that the Agents or any other party performing
any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan
Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel;

(e)agrees
to keep all Reports confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07, or use any Report in any other manner;
and

(f)without
limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees: (i) to hold the Agents and any
such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender
may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any Credit Extensions that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower,
or the indemnifying Lenders participation in, or the indemnifying Lenders purchase of, a Loan or Loans of the Borrower;
and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from
and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including attorney costs) incurred by the
Agents and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part
of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.

9.13Agency
for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the
Agents and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law can be perfected only
by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agents) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agents
thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agents request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or otherwise
deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Collateral Agents instructions.

114

9.14Indemnification
of Agents. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligations
of Loan Parties hereunder), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentages, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be
imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or any action taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent in connection therewith; provided that no Lender shall be liable for any
portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting
from such Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction.

9.15Withholding
Tax. To the extent required by any applicable law, the Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to
any applicable withholding Tax. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts
a claim that the Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including,
without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify
the Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall
indemnify and hold harmless the Agent (to the extent that the Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting
the obligation of the Borrower to do so) for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any
interest, additions to Tax or penalties thereto, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses and any other out-of-pocket
expenses, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate
as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.

9.16Relation
Among Lenders. The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except
as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender.

9.17Certain
ERISA Matters.

(a)Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and its respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party,
that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,

(ii)the
prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975
such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments
and this Agreement and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith,

115

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements
of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b)In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or
(2) a Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately
preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto,
to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party
hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets
of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement,
any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

(c)The
Administrative Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice
in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the
transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect
to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if
it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the
Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility
fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum
usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out
premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

9.18Erroneous
Payments.

(a)Each
Lender and L/C Issuer hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or L/C Issuer that the Administrative
Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or L/C Issuer from the Administrative Agent or
any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively,
a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or L/C Issuer (whether or not known to such Lender
or L/C Issuer), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or L/C Issuer shall promptly, but in no event
later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof)
as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date
such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or L/C Issuer to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent
at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or L/C Issuer
shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment
with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without
limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent
to any Lender or L/C Issuer under this Section 9.18(a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

116

(b)Each
Lender and L/C Issuer hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
(x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative
Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not
preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such
Payment. Each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof)
may have been sent in error, such Lender or L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand
from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative
Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest
thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or L/C Issuer
to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(c)The
Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered
from any Lender or L/C Issuer that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated
to all the rights of such Lender or L/C Issuer with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay,
discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such
erroneous Payment (or any portion thereof) is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is comprised of funds
of a Loan Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Section 9.18
relating to Payments (including the preceding two paragraphs and this paragraph) shall not constitute, create or otherwise alter
the Obligations on the part of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents or otherwise.

(d)Each
partys obligations under this Section 9.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent
or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments or the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

9.19Intercreditor
Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that: (a) each Agent shall be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement as if each Agent was a party thereto as an ABL Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and (b) each
Agent, acting in the capacity as an ABL Agent, is authorized to perform and take or refrain from taking any actions, and providing any
consents or directions, in connection with the Intercreditor Agreement.

117

Article X

CONTINUING GUARANTY

10.01Guaranty.
Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty
of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and
at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs,
expenses or otherwise, of the Borrower to the Credit Parties, arising hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including all renewals,
extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the
Credit Parties in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof). The Administrative Agents books and records showing
the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor,
and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness,
validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence,
validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to
the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty, and each Guarantor
hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing.

Each Qualified ECP Guarantor
(including the Borrower) hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or
other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of each such Loan Partys obligations (a) in
respect of Swap Contracts to which it is a party and (b) under this Guaranty in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however,
that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.01 for the maximum amount of such liability
that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.01, or otherwise under this Guaranty,
as it relates to such other Loan Party, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not
for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect
until the termination of this Guaranty in accordance with Section 10.06 hereof. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that
this Section 10.01 constitute, and this Section 10.01 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support,
or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.

10.02Rights
of Lenders. Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Credit Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or
demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge,
accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange,
enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Obligations;
(c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole
discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Obligations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might
in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as
a discharge of such Guarantor.

118

10.03Certain
Waivers. Each Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other
Guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Credit Party) of the liability of the Borrower;
(b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower;
(c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantors liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed
against the Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Credit
Party whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Credit Party; and
(f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable
law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and
all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices
of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance
of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations. As provided below, this Guaranty shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

10.04Obligations
Independent. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent
of the Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against each Guarantor to enforce
this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party.

10.05Subrogation.
No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments
it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Obligations (other than any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms
survives the termination of this Agreement) and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the
Commitments and the Facility are terminated. If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then
such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Credit Parties to reduce
the amount of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

10.06Termination;
Reinstatement. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain
in full force and effect until all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are paid in full in cash (other than
any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement) and the Commitments and
the Facility with respect to the Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force
and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the
Credit Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement
entered into by any of the Credit Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred
and whether or not the Credit Parties are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission,
termination or reduction. The obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.

10.07Subordination.
Each Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of the Borrower owing to such Guarantor, whether now
existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of the Borrower to any Guarantor as subrogee of the Credit
Parties or resulting from such Guarantors performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all
Obligations (other than any indemnity obligations for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement).
If the Credit Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of the Borrower to any Guarantor shall be enforced and performance
received by such Guarantor as trustee for the Credit Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Credit Parties on account
of the Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of such Guarantor under this Guaranty.

119

10.08Stay
of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced
by or against any Guarantor or the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable
by such Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Credit Parties.

10.09Condition
of Borrower. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining
from the Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower
and any such other Guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Credit Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not
relying on the Credit Parties at any time to disclose to such Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial
condition of the Borrower or any other Guarantor (such Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Credit Parties to disclose such
information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).

Article XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.01Amendments,
Etc. Subject to Section 3.02, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and
no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required
Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that
no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)extend
or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written
consent of such Lender (it being understood that the waiver of any mandatory prepayment shall not constitute an extension or increase
of any Commitment of any Lender);

(b)postpone
any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for (i) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due
to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written consent of each Lender entitled
to such payment (it being understood that the waiver of or amendment to the terms of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans shall not
constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest, or (ii) any scheduled or mandatory reduction
of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender;

(c)reduce
the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or Letter of Credit Disbursements, or (subject to clause (iv) of
the second proviso to this Section 11.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without
the written consent of each Lender entitled to such amount; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders
shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or
Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate; provided further, however, changes to interest rates arising from changes to the definition
of Borrowing Base shall be governed by clause (i) below;

120

(d)change
Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without
the written consent of each Lender;

(e)change
any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or Supermajority Lenders
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights
hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting
Lender);

(f)except
as expressly permitted hereunder, release, or limit the liability of, any Loan Party without the written consent of each Lender (other
than any Defaulting Lender);

(g)except
for releases of Collateral in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.10 hereof (in which case, such release may be made
by the Administrative Agent acting alone), release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Collateral Documents
in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender);

(h)increase
the Aggregate Commitments without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender);

(i)change
the definition of the term Borrowing Base or any component definition thereof if as a result thereof the amounts available
to be borrowed by the Borrower would be increased, without the written consent of the Supermajority Lenders, provided that the
foregoing shall not limit the discretion of the Administrative Agent to change, establish or eliminate any Reserves without the consent
of any Lender;

(j)modify
the definition of Permitted Overadvance so as to increase the amount thereof or, except as provided in such definition, the time period
for a Permitted Overadvance without the written consent of the Supermajority Lenders;

(k)except
as provided in Section 9.10(c), subordinate the Obligations hereunder or the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents, to any other Indebtedness or Lien, as the case may be without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting
Lender);

(l)modify
this Section 11.01 or Section 8.03 without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender);

and provided further, that (i) no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuers in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of the L/C Issuers under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be
issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the
Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or
consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights
or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) no amendment, waiver or consent shall,
unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Collateral
Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (v) each Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder
waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto.

121

If any Lender does not consent
to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent of each Lender or Supermajority
Lenders and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such non-consenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.13;
provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together
with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph).

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 11.01, if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified
an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial
nature, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (acting in their
sole discretion) and the Borrower or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall
become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document.

11.02Notices;
Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

(a)Notices
Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided
in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i)if
to Holdings, the Borrower, any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the L/C Issuers or the Swing Line Lender to
the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02;
and

(ii)if
to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Notices sent by hand or overnight
courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier
shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed
to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications
to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).

122

(b)Electronic
Communications. The Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates is authorized to transmit, post or otherwise make or communicate,
in its sole discretion (but shall not be required to do so), by Approved Electronic Communications in connection with this Agreement
or any other Loan Document and the transactions contemplated therein. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to establish procedures
to provide access to and to make available or deliver, or to accept, notices, documents and similar items by posting to ABLSoft. All
uses of ABLSoft and other Approved Electronic Communications shall be governed by and subject to, in addition to the terms of this Agreement,
the separate terms, conditions and privacy policy posted or referenced in such system (or such terms, conditions and privacy policy as
may be updated from time to time, including on such system) and any related contractual obligations executed by the Administrative Agent
and Loan Parties in connection with the use of such system. Each of the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the use of ABLSoft and other Approved Electronic Communications is not necessarily secure and that there
are risks associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and abuse and each indicates it assumes and accepts such
risks by hereby authorizing the Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates to transmit Approved Electronic Communications. ABLSoft
and all Approved Electronic Communications shall be provided as is and as available. None of the Administrative
Agent or any of its Affiliates or related persons warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of ABLSoft or any other electronic
platform or electronic transmission and disclaims all liability for errors or omissions therein. No warranty of any kind is made by the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates or related persons in connection with ABLSoft or any other electronic platform or electronic
transmission, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or
freedom from viruses or other code defects. The Borrower and each other Loan Party executing this Agreement agrees that the Administrative
Agent has no responsibility for maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection with
ABLSoft, any Approved Electronic Communication or otherwise required for ABLSoft or any Approved Electronic Communication. Prior to the
Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a complete and executed client user form regarding the Borrowers
use of ABLSoft. No Approved Electronic Communications shall be denied legal effect merely because it is made electronically. Approved
Electronic Communications that are not readily capable of bearing either a signature or a reproduction of a signature may be signed,
and shall be deemed signed, by attaching to, or logically associating with such Approved Electronic Communication, an E-Signature, upon
which the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties may rely and assume the authenticity thereof. Each Approved Electronic Communication
containing a signature, a reproduction of a signature or an E-Signature shall, for all intents and purposes, have the same effect and
weight as a signed paper original. Each E-Signature shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy any requirement for a signature
and each Approved Electronic Communication shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy any requirement for a writing, in each
case including pursuant to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the UCC, the Federal Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and any substantive or procedural law governing such subject matter. Each party or beneficiary
hereto agrees not to contest the validity or enforceability of an Approved Electronic Communication or E-Signature under the provisions
of any applicable law requiring certain documents to be in writing or signed; provided, that nothing herein shall limit such party's
or beneficiary's right to contest whether an Approved Electronic Communication or E-Signature has been altered after transmission.

Unless the Administrative
Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders
receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available,
return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal
business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next
business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received
upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i)of
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.

123

(c)The
Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW)
DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative
Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Holdings or any
of its Subsidiaries, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort,
contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials through
the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party;
provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, any
Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

(d)Change
of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, any other Loan Party, and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone
number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address,
telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure
that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic
mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore,
each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private
Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender
or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal
and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information
portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes
of United States Federal or state securities laws.

(e)Reliance
by Administrative Agent and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the
Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Notice of Borrowings) purportedly given by or on behalf
of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed
by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation
thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender, each Lender
and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on
each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the
Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

11.03No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise,
and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges
herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
provided by law.

124

11.04Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a)Costs
and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay all Credit Party Expenses within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of an invoice
therefor.

(b)Indemnification
by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Collateral Agent,
the Arranger, the joint bookrunning managers, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each
such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented in reasonable detail fees, charges and disbursements
of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnitees taken as
a whole in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders, in each case, selected by the Administrative Agent and
solely in the case of an actual conflict of interest between Indemnitees where the Indemnitees affected by such conflict inform the Borrower
of such conflict, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interest of the Lenders to each group of affected
Indemnitees taken as a whole) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or
any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the preparation, execution, delivery or administration
of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or any amendment or waiver with
respect hereto or thereto, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related
Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or
proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit
if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any
actual or alleged presence or Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials, at, under, on or from any property or facility currently
or formerly owned, leased or operated by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Holdings
or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of
the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other
Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee,
be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee
(y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees
obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment
in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (z) result from the presence, Release or threat
of Release of Hazardous Materials or violations of Environmental Laws first occurring or first existing after completion of the foreclosure
upon the Collateral, granting of a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure with respect to the Collateral or similar transfer of title or possession
of the Collateral, unless such presence, release or violation is actually caused by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof. This Section 11.04(b) shall
not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of
this Section to be paid by it to the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof), the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuers or any Related Party
of any of the foregoing, each Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such) severally agrees to pay to the Administrative
Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the L/C Issuers or such Related Party, as the case may be,
such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is
sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related
expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent,
the Swing Line Lender or L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative
Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Collateral Agent in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are
subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d).

125

(d)Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive,
any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to
direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement
or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds
thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended
recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(e)Payments.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after receipt of an invoice or demand therefor.

(f)Survival.
The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Agents, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuers, the replacement
of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

11.05Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C
Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the
proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to
be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then
(a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C
Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered
from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a
rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers
under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this
Agreement.

11.06Successors
and Assigns.

(a)Successors
and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and
no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with
the provisions of Section 11.06(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d),
or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06(f) (and
any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby,
Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby,
the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or by reason of this Agreement.

126

(b)Assignments
by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 11.06(b),
participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be
subject to the following conditions:

(i)Minimum
Amounts.

(A)in
the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to
it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B)in
any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose
includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of
the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment
is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade
Date, shall not be less than $1.0 million (and in integral multiples of $1.0 million in excess thereof) and after giving effect thereto,
the assigning Lender shall hold a Commitment of at least $1.0 million, unless, in each case, each of the Administrative Agent and, so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed); provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments
from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be
treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met;

(ii)Proportionate
Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that (A) this clause (ii) shall
not apply to the Swing Line Lenders rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans and (B) this clause (ii) shall
not limit the right of a Lender to assign all or any portion of its Commitment;

(iii)Required
Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this
Section and, in addition:

(A)the
consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or
an Approved Fund; and

127

(B)the
consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect
of (1) any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment, an Affiliate of Lender or an Approved
Fund with respect to such Lender or (2) any Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;

(C)the
consent of the L/C Issuers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases
the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and

(D)the
consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that
increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Swing Line Loans (whether or not then outstanding).

(iv)Assignment
and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption,
together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent
may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall
not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any Tax forms required by Section 3.01(g),
Section 3.01(h) or Section 3.01(i);

(v)No
Assignment to Borrower. No such assignment shall be made to the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries;
and

(vi)No
Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person.

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest
assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender
thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this
Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01,
3.03, and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon
request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender
of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement
as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06(d).

128

(c)Register.
The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agents
Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal and interest amounts of the Loans (and whether such Loan is a Committed Loan or a Swing
Line Loan, as applicable) owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary.

The Register shall be available
for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d)Participations.
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any
Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant)
in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment
and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
including, for avoidance of doubt, any indemnification obligation with respect to the participated interest, (ii) such Lender shall
remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender
shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (f) and (g) in the first proviso to
Section 11.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that
each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 and Section 3.03 (provided such Participant
agrees to be subject to the limitations and requirements therein as though it were a Lender (it being understood that the documentation
required under Section 3.01(g), Section 3.01(h) and Section 3.01(i) shall be delivered
to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b).
To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were
a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that
sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and interest amount of each Participants interest in the Loans
held by it (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all
or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under the Loan Documents) except to
the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered
form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the
owner of such Loan or other obligation hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to
the contrary.

(e)Limitations
upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.03
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant except
to the extent that such entitlement to any greater payment results from any Change in Law after the Participant becomes a Participant,
or the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent.

129

(f)Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to
a FRB or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(g)Electronic
Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import
in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.

(h)Resignation
as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender After Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Eclipse
(together with its affiliates) assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Eclipse may, (i) upon
30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower,
resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled
to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however, that no failure
by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Eclipse as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case
may be. If Eclipse resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuers hereunder
with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with
respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed
Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03). If Eclipse resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line
Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation,
including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans
pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (A) such successor
shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender,
as the case may be, and (B) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if
any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Eclipse to effectively assume the obligations
of Eclipse with respect to such Letters of Credit.

11.07Treatment
of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its
and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood
that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep
such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it
(including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required
by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or
any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions
substantially the same as those of this Section 11.07, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty
(or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, or (iii) any funding or financing
source of any Lender, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly
available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.07 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent,
any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.

130

For purposes of this Section,
Information means all information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof relating to any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, operations, assets and related matters, other than any such information
that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan
Party or any Subsidiary thereof, provided that, in the case of information received from a Loan Party or any such Subsidiary after
the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the
confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if
such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to
its own confidential information.

Each of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers acknowledges that (A) the Information may include material non-public information concerning
Holdings or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (B) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (C) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and
state securities Laws.

11.08Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Credit Party and each of its respective Affiliates
is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to setoff and apply any and
all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations
(in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Credit Party or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower
or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Credit Party, irrespective of whether or not such Credit Party shall have made any demand
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or
unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Credit Party different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated
on such indebtedness. The rights of each Credit Party and their respective Affiliates under this Section 11.08 are in addition
to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Credit Party or their respective Affiliates may have. Each
Credit Party agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

11.09Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid
under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum
Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the
excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In
determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate,
such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee,
or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate,
and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

131

11.10Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness.

(a)This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute
an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute
the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings,
oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective
when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof
that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

(b)Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any
document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to
Section 11.02), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document
and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature
transmitted by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall
be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as
applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like
import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic
Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other
electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity
or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format
without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to
the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall
be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further
verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon
the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including
without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by facsimile, emailed pdf.
or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any
paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement,
any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed
created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records
shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record),
(C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan
Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document
and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim
against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons for any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and related expenses arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on
or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by facsimile, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image
of an actual executed signature page, including any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses arising as a result of
the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or
transmission of any Electronic Signature.

132

11.11Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.
Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation
made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may
have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long
as any Obligation (other than any indemnity obligation for unasserted claims that by its terms survives the termination of this Agreement)
shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.

11.12Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality,
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

11.13Replacement
of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.03, or if the Borrower is required to pay any
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or
(b) if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or (c) if in connection with a proposed amendment, modification, waiver, or consent
with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 11.01, the consent of the Required Lenders shall
have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is required shall not have been obtained, or (d) if
any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may,
at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate,
without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06),
all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such
obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:

(a)the
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.06(b);

133

(b)such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure, accrued
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee (to
the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);

(c)in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.03 or payments required to be made
pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and

(d)such
assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

A Lender shall not be required
to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling
the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

11.14Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a)GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b)SUBMISSION
TO JURISDICTION. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY,
TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK
STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT
A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE
JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT
ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST
THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(c)WAIVER
OF VENUE. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM
TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

134

(d)SERVICE
OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

11.15WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

11.16No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection
with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and Holdings each acknowledge and
agree, and acknowledge their respective Affiliates understanding, that: (a) the arranging and other services regarding this
Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the
Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the
other hand, (b) each of the Borrower and Holdings and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory
and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (c) the Borrower and Holdings and each other Loan Party is capable
of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Loan Documents; (d) the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender each is and has been acting solely as a principal and,
except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary
for the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (e) neither the Administrative Agent nor
the Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (f) the Administrative
Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger
or the Lenders have any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and Holdings hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the
Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection
with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

11.17USA
PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify
and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other
information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the
USA PATRIOT Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used by the Loan Parties, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any
governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting
in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

135

11.18No
Strict Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event
an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of
this Agreement.

11.19Attachments.
The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement
for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions
of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

11.20Intercreditor
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant
to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Collateral Agent hereunder or under the
other Loan Documents are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.

11.21Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the
effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

136

11.22Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts
or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported
QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together
with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported
QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in
fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to
a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime,
the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered
Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States
or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any
QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws
of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and
remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to
a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

[Signature Pages Follow]

137

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

THE CONTAINER STORE, INC.,

a Texas corporation

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Chief Financial Officer

HOLDINGS:

THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Chief Financial Officer

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS:

TCS GIFT CARD SERVICES, LLC,

a Virginia limited liability company

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Chief Financial Officer

C STUDIO MANUFACTURING INC,

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signatures Continued Next Page]

Signature Page to Asset-Based Revolving Credit
Agreement

C STUDIO MANUFACTURING LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Miller

Name: Jeffrey A. Miller

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Asset-Based Revolving Credit
Agreement

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND COLLATERAL
AGENT:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ Thomas Stone

Name: Thomas Stone

Title: Authorized Signatory

LENDER:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL SPV,
LLC

By: /s/ Thomas Stone

Name: Thomas Stone

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Asset-Based Revolving Credit
Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

The Container Store Successfully Completes Financial
Restructuring

Emerges from Chapter 11 Process with Bolstered
Capital Structure, Well Positioned for Growth

Company to Continue to Provide High-Quality
Custom Spaces, Organizing Solutions, and In-Home Services to Customers

COPPELL, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Container Store Group, Inc.
(The Container Store or the Company), the nations leading retailer of organizing solutions, custom
spaces, and in-home services, today announced that the Company has successfully completed its financial restructuring process and emerged
from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The Company has implemented its Plan of Reorganization, confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
on January 24, 2025.

The Company achieved the objectives it set for this process, including
refinancing short-term debt, significantly reducing previous long-term debt obligations, accessing $40 million in new financing, and modifying
its asset-backed lending facility to add $40 million in upsized capacity. Additionally, the Company continued to operate as usual, meeting
its obligations to vendors, employees, and customers throughout the process. The Container Store is now a private company, under the ownership
of its supportive lenders, with a healthier balance sheet that positions the Company for profitable growth.

This is a new chapter in our journey as a healthier company
well positioned to drive strategic growth initiatives forward. With our restructuring process now behind us, we have renewed energy and
excitement to deliver for our customers, said Satish Malhotra, Chief Executive Officer and President of The Container Store. We
are focused on optimizing our business, enhancing our portfolio of organizing solutions and services, and continuously improving the customer
experience. I am grateful to our employees and vendor partners for their dedication throughout this process, to our valued customers for
their support, and to our new owners for their belief in our business.

The Container Store has created a dedicated website for stakeholders
to get information at www.futureforcontainerstore.com.

Additional information on the Companys Chapter 11 case can
be found at www.veritaglobal.net/thecontainerstore or contact Verita, the Companys noticing and claims agent, at (888)
251-3046 (for toll-free U.S. and Canada calls) or (310) 751-2615 (for tolled international calls).

The Container Store was advised in this matter by Latham &
Watkins LLP and Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP as legal counsel, Houlihan Lokey as investment banker, FTI Consulting as financial and communications
advisor, and A&G Realty as real estate advisor. The ad hoc group of the Companys Term Loan Lenders were advised in this matter
by Paul Hastings LLP, Greenhill & Co. as investment banker, and AlixPartners as financial advisor.

About The Container Store

Founded in 1978, The Container Store Group, Inc. is the nations
only retailer with a solution-oriented offering of custom spaces, organizing solutions, and in-home services, designed to transform lives
through the power of organization. With more than 100 locations nationwide and a flagship online store, the retailer offers an exclusive
portfolio of custom space lines that can be designed for any area of the home, and more than 10,000 products to complete any space.

Visit www.containerstore.com for more information
about complementary Custom Spaces in-home or in-store design, in-home organizing, products, store locations, trade program, and business
to business opportunities.

Follow The Container Store on Facebook, X, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Pinterest and LinkedIn.

Media:

The Container Store Group, Inc.

publicrelations@containerstore.com

Rachel Chesley / Rachel Rosenblatt 

ContainerStoreSC@fticonsulting.com

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters
of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the strength of the Companys
business, long-term profitability, advancing the Companys strategy and potential future growth. These forward-looking statements
are based on managements current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited
to, risks related to our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, and we may not be able to comply with the covenants
in our credit facilities; there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern; and the other important factors
discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
(the SEC) on May 28, 2024, as updated by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28,
2024, filed with the SEC on October 30, 2024 and our other filings with the SEC. These factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent
managements estimates as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some
point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements
should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tcsg-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tcsg-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tcsg-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-29

Entity File Number 001-36161

Entity Registrant Name THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001411688

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-0565401

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 500 Freeport Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Coppell

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75019

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 538-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol TCSGQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://containerstore.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tcsg-20250124.xsd 
tcsg-20250124_lab.xml 
tcsg-20250124_pre.xml 
tm254690d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007267-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm254690d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001411688 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--03-29 
0001411688 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
THE CONTAINER STORE GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-36161 
26-0565401 
500 Freeport Parkway 
Coppell 
TX 
75019 
972 
538-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
TCSGQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>