<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-031729.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-031729.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415061818
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-031729
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				861626937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40846
		FILM NUMBER:		25837494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 US HWY 50
		STREET 2:		SUITE 309
		CITY:			ZEPHYR COVE
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89448
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 339 1671

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 US HWY 50
		STREET 2:		SUITE 309
		CITY:			ZEPHYR COVE
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89448
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238138-8k425_hennessy6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184293700018429372025-04-142025-04-140001842937HCVI:SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-142025-04-140001842937HCVI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-04-142025-04-140001842937HCVI:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 14, 2025

Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-40846 86-1626937

(State of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr Cove, NV 89448

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(775) 339-1671

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which

Registered

Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share HCVI OTC Pink

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 HCVIW OTC Pink

Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant HCVIU OTC Pink

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously reported, on
June 17, 2024, Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation (the Company), Namib Minerals, an exempted company
limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (PubCo), Midas SPAC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo, Cayman Merger Sub Ltd., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo, and Greenstone Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Greenstone), entered into a business combination agreement (as amended
on December 6, 2024, the Business Combination Agreement), pursuant to which the parties thereto will enter into a business
combination transaction (the Business Combination). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Greenstone
will each become a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo upon the completion of the Business Combination (the Closing).

Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement

On April 14, 2025, the
parties to the Business Combination Agreement entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement (Amendment
No. 2), which amended the Business Combination Agreement, including the form of Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement attached
as Exhibit A to the Business Combination Agreement (the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement), to, among other
things,

(i) extend the outside date for consummating the Business Combination to the later of (x) May 1, 2025 and (y) 10 days after the effective
date of the forthcoming post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-283650) (as amended, the Registration
Statement), filed by Pubco and co-registrant Greenstone in connection with the Business Combination, or, if the 10th day following
such effective date is not a business day, the succeeding business day thereafter;

(ii) remove the $25 million minimum cash condition as a condition to the Closing in the Business Combination Agreement;

(iii) obligate the Company to cause Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the existing sponsor of the
Company (the Sponsor), to ensure that none of the Company, Greenstone, or PubCo has any liability with respect to any unpaid
SPAC Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), including in respect of ordinary shares of PubCo (PubCo
Ordinary Shares) required to be transferred at the Closing to the creditors in respect of certain of the Companys working
capital loans, including if the creditors under such working capital loans elect for all or a portion of such working capital loans to
be repaid in PubCo Ordinary Shares;

(iv) provide that the board of directors of PubCo following the SPAC Merger Effective Time (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)
will consist of such directors designated by Greenstone and notified in writing to the Company;

(v) provide that the parties will work together to raise financing to pay for the filing and listing application fees payable to Nasdaq
and up to 100,000 shares of the Companys common stock held by Sponsor may be utilized to pay such fees; and

(vi) remove Niota Foundation, a current shareholder of Greenstone, as a party to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and remove
Mr. Khumalo, another current shareholder of Greenstone, from the transfer restrictions in the Registration Rights and Lock-up Agreement.

1

Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement

On April 14, 2025, the
Company, the Sponsor, and PubCo entered into an amended and restated Sponsor Letter Agreement (the Amended and Restated Sponsor
Letter Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Sponsor
agreed to

(i) forfeit, or cause to be forfeited, to the Company the sum of (a) 6,664,318 shares of the
Companys common stock held by the Sponsor or any other persons holding shares of the Companys Class B Common Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common Stock), prior to the Closing and (b) the number of shares of the
Companys common stock equal to the number of PubCo Ordinary Shares required to be transferred at the Closing to such
creditors in respect of certain of the Companys working capital loans, including if the creditors under such working capital
loans elect for all or a portion of such working capital loans to be repaid in PubCo Ordinary Shares;

(ii) take such actions (including making cash payments, agreeing to transfer PubCo securities or obtaining written releases) to ensure
that, at and following the Closing, none of the Company, Greenstone, or PubCo has any liability with respect to any unpaid SPAC Transaction
Expenses (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement);

(iii) not accept the issuance of any securities of the Company or PubCo in repayment of any working capital loans payable to the Sponsor;

(iv) cause the terms of the Companys private placement warrants to be amended, effective as of the Closing, such that they are identical
to the terms of the warrants issued to public investors in the Companys initial public offering; and

(v) indemnify PubCo, the Company, Greenstone, and their respective affiliates from and against any and
all excise taxes of the Company.

Amendment to Warrant Agreement

On
April 14, 2025, the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental) entered into that certain
Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement Amendment), which amends that certain Warrant Agreement, dated
as of September 28, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental (the Warrant Agreement). The Warrant Agreement
Amendment amends the terms and conditions with respect to the Private Placement Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) to make
such terms and conditions identical to those with respect to the Public Warrants (as defined in the Warrant Agreement). Following the
effectiveness of the Warrant Agreement Amendment immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Closing, the Private Placement Warrants
(i) will no longer be exercisable on a cashless basis at the option of the holder, (ii) may be transferred, assigned or sold within thirty
(30) days after the completion by the Company of an initial business combination, and (iii) will be redeemable by the Company at any
time in the same manner as the Public Warrants.

The foregoing descriptions of Amendment No. 2,
the Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement and Warrant Agreement Amendment do not purport to be complete and are qualified in its
entirety by the full texts of Amendment No. 2, the Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement and the Warrant Agreement Amendment,
which are filed as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Important Information for Investors and Stockholders

In connection with the Business
Combination, PubCo and Greenstone, as co-registrant, have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
the Registration Statement, which includes a prospectus with respect to PubCos securities to be issued in connection with the Business
Combination and a proxy statement to be distributed to holders of Common Stock in connection with the Companys solicitation of
proxies for the vote by the Companys stockholders with respect to the Business Combination and other matters to be described in
the Registration Statement (the Proxy Statement). The SEC declared the Registration Statement effective on March 14, 2025
and the Company has filed the definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC and mailed copies to holders of record of the Companys common
stock as of the record date to vote on the Business Combination. This Current Report does not contain all the information that should
be considered concerning the Business Combination and is not a substitute for the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement or for any
other document that PubCo or the Company has filed or may file with the SEC. Before making any investment or voting decision, investors
and security holders of the Company and Greenstone are urged to read the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement, and any amendments
or supplements thereto, as well as all other relevant materials filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the Business
Combination as they become available because they will contain important information about Greenstone, the Company, PubCo and the Business
Combination.

Investors and security holders
will be able to obtain free copies of the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement and all other relevant documents filed or that will
be filed with the SEC by PubCo and the Company through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed
by PubCo and the Company may be obtained free of charge from the Companys website at hennessycapitalgroup.com or by directing a
request to Nicholas Geeza, Chief Financial Officer, PO Box 1036, 195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309, Zephyr Cove, Nevada 89448 or by telephone at
(775) 339-1671. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the websites referenced in this Current Report is not incorporated
by reference into, and is not a part of, this Current Report.

Participants in the Solicitation

Greenstone, the Company, PubCo
and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed
to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from the Companys stockholders in connection with the Business Combination.
For more information about the names, affiliations and interests of the Companys directors and executive officers, please refer
to the Companys annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025 and the Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement
and other relevant materials filed with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination from time to time. Additional information
regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, which may, in some cases,
be different than those of the Companys stockholders generally, are included in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement.
Stockholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement carefully
before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the sources indicated above.

3

Forward Looking Statements

This Current Report includes,
or incorporates by reference, forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Current
Report are forward-looking statements. Any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events
or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are also forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by words such as estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend,
expect, anticipate, believe, seek, strategy, future,
opportunity, may, target, should, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, preliminary, or similar expressions that predict
or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, Greenstones, the Companys, PubCos,
or their respective management teams expectations concerning the outlook for their or PubCos business, productivity, plans,
and goals for future operational improvements, growth and capital investments, operational and cost performance, future market conditions,
or economic performance and developments in the capital and credit markets and expected future financial performance, the restart of Greenstones
Mazowe mine and Redwing mine and related expansion plans, capital expenditure plans and timeline, the development and goals of the prospective
exploration licenses in the Democratic Republic of Congo (the DRC), mineral reserve and resource estimates, production,
and other operating results, productivity improvements, expected net proceeds, including from any PIPE investment, expected additional
funding, the percentage of redemptions of the Companys public stockholders, growth prospects and outlook of PubCos operations,
individually or in the aggregate, including the achievement of project milestones, commencement and completion of commercial operations
of certain of Greenstones exploration and production projects, as well as any information concerning possible or assumed future
results of operations of PubCo. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding the expected benefits of the Business Combination.
The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the respective management teams of Greenstone and the Company,
as applicable, and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstance and their potential effects and speak only as of
the date of such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, (i) the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price
of the Companys securities; (ii) the risk that the Company will not seek, or otherwise fails, to extend its business combination
deadline as necessary for the Business Combination to be completed; (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of
the Business Combination, including the adoption of the Business Combination Agreement by the stockholders of the Company and Greenstone
and the receipt of certain regulatory approvals; (iv) market risks, including the price of gold; (v) the occurrence of any event, change
or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement; (vi) the effect of the announcement
or pendency of the Business Combination on Greenstones business relationships, performance, and business generally; (vii) the outcome
of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Greenstone, PubCo or the Company related to the Business Combination Agreement
or the Business Combination; (viii) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; (ix) the inability to meet listing requirements and maintain the listing of PubCos securities on
the Nasdaq; (x) the inability to remediate the identified material weaknesses in Greenstones internal control over financial reporting,
which, if not corrected, could adversely affect the reliability of Greenstones and PubCos financial reporting; (xi) the
risk that the price of PubCos securities may be volatile due to a variety of factors, including changes in the highly competitive
industries in which PubCo plans to operate, variations in performance across competitors, changes in laws, regulations, technologies,
natural disasters or health epidemics/pandemics, national security tensions, and macro-economic and social environments affecting its
business, and changes in the combined capital structure; (xii) the inability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations
after the completion of the Business Combination, identify and realize additional opportunities, and manage growth and expanding operations;
(xiii) the risk that Greenstone may not be able to successfully develop its assets, including expanding the How mine, restarting and expanding
its other mines in Zimbabwe or developing its exploration permits in the DRC; (xiv) the risk that PubCo will be unable to raise additional
capital to execute its business plan, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; (xv) political and social risks of operating
in Zimbabwe and the DRC; (xvi) the operational hazards and risks that Greenstone faces; (xvii) the risk that any additional financing
in connection with the Business Combination may not be raised on favorable terms or at all; (xviii) potential volatile and sporadic trading
of the Companys securities; and (xix) the continuation of trading of the Companys units, shares of Class
A common stock and warrants on the OTC Markets, including whether an active public market for the Companys units, shares of Class
A common stock and warrants will be sustained on this market in the future. The foregoing list is not exhaustive, and there
may be additional risks that neither the Company nor Greenstone presently know or that the Company and Greenstone currently believe are
immaterial. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors, any other factors discussed in this Current Report and the other risks
and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025, the risks described in the Registration Statement, which includes the
Proxy Statement, and those discussed and identified in filings made with the SEC by the Company and PubCo, from time to time. PubCo, Greenstone
and the Company caution you against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect current beliefs and are based
on information currently available as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set forth in this Current
Report speak only as of the date of this Current Report. None of the Company, Greenstone or PubCo undertakes any obligation to revise
forward-looking statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs. In the event that any forward-looking
statement is updated, no inference should be made that the Company, Greenstone or PubCo will make additional updates with respect to that
statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statements. Any corrections or revisions and other important assumptions and
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, including discussions of significant risk
factors, may appear, up to the consummation of the Business Combination, in the Companys or PubCos public filings with the
SEC, which are or will be (as appropriate) accessible at www.sec.gov, and which you are advised to review carefully.

4

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report shall
not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, the solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation to purchase, any securities, or a
solicitation of any vote, consent or approval, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation or sale may be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. No offering of securities in the Business
Combination shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Number Description

2.1 Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, by and among Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, Namib Minerals, Midas SPAC Merger Sub Inc., Cayman Merger Sub Ltd. and Greenstone Corporation.

10.1 Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, by and among Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC and Namib Minerals.

10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, by and between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

By: /s/ Nicholas Geeza 

Name: Nicholas Geeza 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: April 15, 2025

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023813801ex2-1_hennessy6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 14, 2025, BY AND AMONG HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI, NAMIB MINERALS, MIDAS SPAC MERGER SUB INC., CAYMAN MERGER SUB LTD. AND GREENSTONE CORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

amendMENT
No. 2 

to
THE

BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT

______________

This AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment),
dated as of April 14, 2025, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024, as amended by that certain Amendment No.
1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2024 (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement),
is by and among Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation (SPAC), Namib Minerals, an exempted
company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (PubCo), Midas SPAC Merger Sub Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, Cayman Merger Sub Ltd., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
and Greenstone Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the meanings given to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement.

WHEREAS, Section 11.12 of the
Business Combination Agreement permits the amendment of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth therein;

WHEREAS, SPAC was suspended
from trading on Nasdaq as of the open of business on April 4, 2025; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto
desire to amend the Business Combination Agreement as set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

AMENDMENTS TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

1. SPAC
Transaction Expenses.

(a) Section
1.1 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended to include the following new definition:

Excise Taxes
means any and all Taxes in respect of any taxable year or period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date imposed on
the fair market value of certain repurchases (including certain redemptions) of stock by publicly traded United States corporations (and
certain non-U.S. corporations treated as surrogate foreign corporations) by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, as modified
by the rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

1

(b) The
definition of SPAC Transaction Expenses set forth on Section 1.1 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

SPAC Transaction
Expenses means any out-of-pocket fees and expenses paid or payable by or on behalf of SPAC, Sponsor or their respective Affiliates
(whether or not billed or accrued for) as a result of or in connection with the negotiation, documentation and consummation of any Business
Combination (including the Transactions) or otherwise in connection with SPACs operations, in each case incurred at or prior to
the Closing, including (a) all fees, costs, expenses, brokerage fees, commissions, finders fees and disbursements of financial
advisors, investment banks, fairness opinion providers, data room administrators, attorneys (including in connection with legal diligence),
accountants and other advisors and service providers (including deferred wages and salaries), (b) the SPAC Working Capital Loans, (c)
any and all filing fees payable by SPAC to Governmental Authorities in connection with the Transactions and (d) all other Liabilities
of SPAC, including for all other previously attempted Business Combinations, other than Excise Taxes.

(c) The
definitions of SPAC Transaction Expenses Cap and SPAC Transaction Expenses Cap Excess set forth on Section
1.1 of the Business Combination Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

(d) Section
11.6 of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(a) If the Closing occurs,
PubCo shall pay, or cause to be paid, the accrued and unpaid Company Transaction Expenses. If the Mergers and the other Transactions are
not consummated, each party hereto shall be responsible for and pay its own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Transaction
Documents, and the Transactions, including all fees of its legal counsel, financial advisors and accountants, except that SPAC and the
Company shall each pay one-half of all filing fees in connection with the Proxy/Registration Statement. The amount of any filing fees
paid by the Company in connection with the Proxy/Registration Statement shall be credited towards the Equity Value. 

(b) SPAC
shall cause Sponsor to take such actions (including making cash payments, agreeing to transfer PubCo securities or obtaining written releases)
as to ensure that, at and following the Closing, none of SPAC, the Company or PubCo has any liability with respect to any unpaid SPAC
Transaction Expenses, including as set forth on the written report delivered by SPAC pursuant to Section 2.8(b) and including in respect
of the Polar Working Capital Loans; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, Sponsor shall not be responsible for any expenses
or Liabilities of SPAC arising after the Closing.

2

(c) The parties will work together
in good faith to raise financing in order to pay for the filing and listing application fees payable to Nasdaq and in connection therewith,
the parties agree that up to 100,000 shares of SPAC Class B Common Stock held by Sponsor may be utilized to pay such fees.

(e) Section
2.8(b) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(b) No sooner than seven
(7) or later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, SPAC shall deliver to the Company (i) a written report setting forth
a list of SPAC Transaction Expenses that have been incurred and expected to remain unpaid as of the close of business on the Business
Day immediately preceding the Closing Date and (ii) its good faith estimate of the aggregate amount of the Permitted Financing Proceeds.

2. Post-Closing
Directors and Officers. Section 8.8(a) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

(a) PubCo shall take all
such action necessary or appropriate such that immediately following the SPAC Merger Effective Time, the board of directors of PubCo shall
consist of such directors designated by the Company and notified in writing to SPAC; provided, however, that such directors,
as well as their respective class designations and committee memberships, designated pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be determined
sufficiently in advance to allow for inclusion of such Persons in the Proxy/Registration Statement.

3. Closing
Conditions.

(a) Section
9.3(b) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(b) Each
of the covenants of SPAC and the Sponsor under the Transaction Documents to be performed as of or prior to the Closing Date shall have
been performed in all material respects;

(b) Section
9.3(d) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

4. Extension
of Outside Date. Section 10.1(i) of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read
as follows:

(i) by
written notice from either SPAC or the Company to the other, if the Transactions shall not have been consummated on or prior to the date
that is the later of (x) May 1, 2025 and (y) 10 days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment to the Proxy/Registration
Statement, or, if the 10th day following such effective date is not a Business Day, the succeeding Business Day thereafter (the Outside
Date); provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(i) will not be available
to any party whose breach of any provision of this Agreement primarily caused or resulted in the failure of the Transactions to be consummated
by such time.

3

5. Nasdaq
Delisting. Notwithstanding anything in the Business Combination Agreement to the contrary (including Sections 4.16 and 7.1
thereof), the Company and the Acquisition Entities hereby acknowledge and agree that the suspension from trading and eventual delisting
of SPAC from Nasdaq, and any underlying events, circumstances, or actions taken by SPAC as a result thereof, shall not constitute a breach
of the Business Combination Agreement and shall not have, or be deemed to have, any impact on the satisfaction of any of the conditions
to Closing set forth in Article IX thereof, including Sections 9.3(a), 9.3(b), or 9.3(c). The Company and
the Acquisition Entities hereby waive any claims or defenses that may arise from the delisting of SPAC from Nasdaq or any related actions.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and for the avoidance of doubt, Section 9.1(c) of the Business Combination Agreement
remains in full force and effect.

6. Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Exhibit A of the Business Combination Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as Exhibit A to this Amendment.

7. Consent
to Termination of Insider Letter. For all purposes of the Business Combination Agreement, including Section 7.2 thereunder, the Company
and each Acquisition Entity hereby consent to the termination, at or immediately prior to the Closing, of that certain Letter Agreement,
dated September 28, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and certain of its current and former officers and directors.

ARTICLE II

MISCELLANEOUS

1. No
Further Amendment. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Business Combination Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed
and all the terms, conditions, and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment is limited precisely as written
and shall not be deemed to be an amendment to any other term or condition of the Business Combination Agreement or any of the documents
referred to therein.

2. Effect
of Amendment. This Amendment shall form a part of the Business Combination Agreement for all purposes, and each party thereto and
hereto shall be bound hereby. From and after the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto, any reference to the Business Combination
Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Business Combination Agreement, as amended hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, references
to the date of the Business Combination Agreement, the date hereof and the date of this Agreement shall in
all instances continue to refer to June 17, 2024.

4

3. Governing
Law. This Amendment, and any claim or cause of action hereunder based upon, arising out of or related to this Amendment (whether based
on law, in equity, in contract, in tort or any other theory) or the negotiation, execution, performance or enforcement of this Amendment,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts
of laws that would otherwise require the application of the law of any other state.

4. Consent
to Jurisdiction. THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS OF THE STATE OF
DELAWARE SOLELY IN RESPECT OF THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AMENDMENT.

5. Severability.
If any provision of this Amendment is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
Amendment shall remain in full force and effect. The parties hereto further agree that if any provision contained in this Amendment is,
to any extent, held invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the laws governing this Amendment, they shall take any actions necessary
to render the remaining provisions of this Amendment valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and, to the extent necessary,
shall amend or otherwise modify this Amendment to replace any provision contained in this Amendment that is held invalid or unenforceable
with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent of the parties hereto.

6. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different parties in separate counterparts,
with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Copies of executed counterparts of this Amendment transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format)
or facsimile as well as electronically or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same legal effect as original
signatures and shall be considered irrevocable originally executed counterparts of this Amendment.

[Signature Page Follows.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties
hereto have hereunto caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI

By: /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CAYMAN MERGER SUB LTD.

By: /s/ Tulani Sikwila

Name: Tulani Sikwila

Title: Director

MIDAS SPAC MERGER SUB INC.

By: /s/ Ibrahima Tall

Name: Ibrahima Tall

Title: President

NAMIB MINERALS

By: /s/ Tulani Sikwila

Name: Tulani Sikwila

Title: Director

GREENSTONE CORPORATION

By: /s/ Tulani Sikwila

Name: Tulani Sikwila

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to BCA]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement

[Attached]

Final Form

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [___], 20251, is made and entered into by
and among Namib Minerals, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (PubCo),
Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor), [___________] (f/k/a Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VI), a Delaware corporation (SPAC), each of the persons and entities listed on Exhibit
A hereto (each, a SPAC Holder), each of the persons listed on Exhibit B hereto (each, a Company
Holder and, collectively with Sponsor, SPAC Holders and any other person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this
Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, the Holders and each, a Holder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, PubCo is a party
to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement),
by and among PubCo, SPAC, Greenstone Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
(the Company), Cayman Merger Sub Ltd., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of
the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (Company Merger Sub), and Midas SPAC Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of PubCo (SPAC Merger Sub), pursuant
to which, among other things, on or about the date hereof, (a) Company Merger Sub will merge with an into the Company (the Company
Merger), with the Company being the surviving company in the Company Merger, and the Company will become a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of PubCo and all Company Shareholders will, subject to the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, become
holders of PubCo Ordinary Shares; and (b) immediately after the Company Merger, SPAC Merger Sub will merge with and into SPAC (the SPAC
Merger), with SPAC being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly-owned Subsidiary of PubCo; and (c) pursuant to the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, each outstanding SPAC Warrant shall represent the right to acquire, from and after the date hereof,
PubCo Ordinary Shares under the terms of such Assignment and Assumption Agreement;

WHEREAS, Sponsor, the
SPAC Holders and SPAC are parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021 (the Prior
Agreement), and the Sponsor, the SPAC Holders and SPAC consent to termination of
the Prior Agreement upon execution and delivery of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, Sponsor is acquiring
PubCo Ordinary Shares (including the PubCo Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any other equity
security issued to Sponsor pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, including the Private Placement Warrants) and
Private Placement Warrants on or about the date hereof pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement;

1 NTD: To be dated as of the Closing Date.

Exhibit A-1

WHEREAS, each SPAC Holder
and Company Holder is acquiring PubCo Ordinary Shares (including the PubCo Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise, exchange
or conversion of any other equity security issued to a SPAC Holder pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, including
the PubCo Warrants) and/or Private Placement Warrants on or about the date hereof pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo and the Holders desire to enter into this
Agreement, pursuant to which PubCo will grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of PubCo, as
set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article I

Definitions

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer, principal financial officer of PubCo or the Board, after consultation with counsel to PubCo, (a) would be required to be
made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (b) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, declared effective or used, as the case may be, and (c) PubCo
has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any person, any other person which, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control
with such person.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

Assignment and
Assumption Agreement means that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated [___], by and among SPAC, PubCo and
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a limited purpose trust company.

Block Trade
means an offering and/or sale of Registrable Securities by any Holder on a block trade or underwritten basis (whether firm commitment
or otherwise) without substantial marketing efforts prior to pricing, including, without limitation, a same day trade, overnight trade
or similar transaction.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of PubCo.

Business Combination
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Exhibit A-2

Commission
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Control
in relation to any person means (a) the direct or indirect ownership of, or ability to direct the casting of, more than fifty percent
(50%) of the total voting rights conferred by all the shares then in issue and conferring the right to vote at all general meetings
of such person; (b) the ability to appoint or remove a majority of the directors of the board or equivalent governing body of such
person; (c) the right to control the votes at a meeting of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such person; or (d)
the ability, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether as trustee
or executor or by contract or otherwise, and Controlled, Controlling and under common
Control with shall be construed accordingly.

Company Holder
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

Demanding Holder
shall mean any Holder or group of Holders making a written demand for the Registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection
2.1.3.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning given in subsection 3.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

Holder Indemnified
Parties shall have the meaning given in subsection 4.1.1.

Immediate Family
Members shall mean, as to a natural person, such individuals spouse, former spouse, significant others, domestic
partner, child (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister, and the lineal descendant (including
by adoption) of any of the foregoing persons.

Listed Company
Holder shall mean each Company Holder listed on Exhibit C.

Lock-Up Period
shall mean the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the earliest of (x) the date falling twelve (12) months after the date
hereof, and (y) the date following the date hereof on which the PubCo completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all shareholders of PubCo shareholders having the right to exchange their PubCo Ordinary Shares for cash,
securities or other property; provided, however, that:

(a) fifty percent (50%) of
the Lock-Up Shares shall be released on such date on which the reported closing price of the PubCo Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50
per PubCo Ordinary Share (as adjusted for share splits, share combinations, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any twenty (20) trading days within a consecutive thirty-(30)-trading day period commencing at least one hundred fifty (150)
days after the date hereof; and

Exhibit A-3

(b) one hundred percent (100%)
of the Lock-Up Shares shall be released on the date on which the reported closing price of the PubCo Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds
$15.00 per PubCo Ordinary Shares (as adjusted for share splits, share combinations, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within a consecutive thirty-(30)-trading day period commencing at least one hundred fifty
(150) days after the date hereof.

Lock-Up Shares
shall have the meaning given in subsection 3.6.1.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made not misleading.

Permitted Transferees
shall have the meaning given in subsection 3.6.1.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Warrants shall mean the 7,212,394 warrants originally exercisable for SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares that were purchased
by Sponsor and other anchor investors of SPAC in a private placement on October 1, 2021, as assumed by PubCo pursuant to the Assignment
and Assumption Agreement and which are now exercisable into PubCo Ordinary Shares.

Prior Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

PubCo
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

PubCo Ordinary
Shares means the ordinary shares, par value $[] per share, of PubCo.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Private Placement Warrants (including any PubCo Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of any such Private
Placement Warrants), (b) any outstanding PubCo Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including PubCo Ordinary Shares issued or
issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any other equity security) of PubCo held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement,
and (c) any other equity security of PubCo issued or issuable with respect to any such PubCo Ordinary Shares by way of a stock dividend
or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization or
other similar event; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to
be Registrable Securities when: (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective
under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration
Statement; (ii) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; or (iii) such securities have been sold to, or through,
a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Exhibit A-4

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(a) all
registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority)
and any securities exchange on which the PubCo Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(b) Underwriter
expenses (other than fees, commissions or discounts);

(c) fees
and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(d) printing,
messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(e) reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for PubCo;

(f) reasonable
fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of PubCo incurred specifically in connection with such Registration;
and

(g) reasonable
fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Demand
(including, without limitation, a Block Trade), or Holders of Registrable Securities participating in an Underwritten Offering (that is
not an Underwritten Offering initiated by PubCo) to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Underwritten Offering; provided
that in no event shall PubCo be obligated to pay such fees and expenses in excess of $50,000.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement under the Securities Act that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration
statement.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.3.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exhibit A-5

SPAC
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble to this Agreement.

SPAC Holder
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the preamble to this Agreement.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to a specified person, any other person Controlled, directly or indirectly, by such specified person and, in case
of a limited partnership, limited liability company or similar entity, such person is a general partner or managing member and has the
power to direct the policies, management and affairs of such person, respectively.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Demand shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.3.

Underwritten
Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of PubCo are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting
for distribution to the public.

Unlocked Company
Holder shall mean the Company Holder listed on Exhibit D.

Article II

Registrations

2.1 Registration.

2.1.1 Shelf
Registration. PubCo agrees that, within fifteen (15) business days after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement, PubCo will file with the Commission (at PubCos sole cost and expense) a Registration Statement
registering the resale of all Holders Registrable Securities on a delayed or continuous basis (a Shelf Registration).
PubCo shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable
after the initial filing of the Registration Statement (but in any event not later than ten (10) calendar days after PubCo is notified
(orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will
not be subject to further review and comment) and to remain effective in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective
Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration
pursuant to a Shelf Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (a) the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Shelf Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (b) PubCo
has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement,
PubCo shall effect any Shelf Registration on such appropriate registration form of the Commission (i) as shall be selected by PubCo and
(ii) as shall permit the resale of the Registrable Securities by the Holders.

Exhibit A-6

2.1.3 Underwritten
Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.3 hereof, (a) Sponsor, SPAC Holders
and/or their Permitted Transferees that hold at least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities
initially held by Sponsor and SPAC Holders, on the one hand, or (b) the Company Holders and/or their Permitted Transferees that hold at
least a majority in interest of the then-outstanding number of Registrable Securities initially held by the Company Holders, on the other
hand, may make a written demand to PubCo for an Underwritten Offering, including a Block Trade, pursuant to a Registration Statement filed
with the Commission in accordance with Section 2.1.1 (an Underwritten Demand). PubCo shall, within ten (10) business
days of PubCos receipt of the Underwritten Demand, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand,
and each such Holder who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten
Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities
in such Underwritten Offering, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify PubCo, in writing, within five (5) business days
(two (2) business days if such offering is an overnight or bought Underwritten Offering) after the receipt by the Holder of the notice
from PubCo, including the portion of the Registrable Securities held by such Holder to be included in such Underwritten Offering, or,
in the case of a Block Trade, as provided in Section 2.4. Upon receipt by PubCo of any such written notification from a Requesting
Holder(s), such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their designated portion of Registrable Securities included in the Underwritten
Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten
Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected
for such Underwritten Offering by the Demanding Holders initiating the Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PubCo is
not obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Underwritten Offerings pursuant to this subsection 2.1.3 and is not
obligated to effect an Underwritten Offering pursuant to this subsection 2.1.3 within ninety (90) calendar days after the closing
of an Underwritten Offering.

2.1.4 Reduction
of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand,
in good faith, advises PubCo, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of
Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other PubCo
Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that PubCo desires to sell, and PubCo Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which inclusion has been
requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders who desire to sell, exceeds
the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting
the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar
amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then PubCo
shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (a) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting
Holders (if any), pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if
any) has requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering relative to the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding
Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Offering (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro
Rata), that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (b) second, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (a), PubCo Ordinary Shares or other equity securities
that PubCo desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (c) third, to the extent that the
Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), PubCo Ordinary Shares or
other equity securities of other persons or entities that PubCo is obligated to include pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with such persons or entities and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

Exhibit A-7

2.2 Piggyback
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback
Rights. If PubCo proposes to (a) file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities,
or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for
the account of stockholders of PubCo (other than for the Holders), other than a Registration Statement filed in connection with (i) any
employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to PubCos existing stockholders,
(iii) an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of PubCo, (iv) a dividend reinvestment plan or (v) for an exchange
offer or offering of securities solely to PubCos existing shareholders or in connection with an acquisition of a business on Form
F-4, or (b) consummate an Underwritten Offering for its own account or for the account of stockholders of PubCo (other than for the Holders
in accordance with subsection 2.1.3), then PubCo shall give written notice of such proposed action to all of the Holders of Registrable
Securities as soon as practicable (but in the case of filing a Registration Statement not less than twenty (20) calendar days before the
anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement), which notice shall (i) describe the amount and type of securities to be
included, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, and (ii) offer
to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such
Holders may request in writing within ten (10) business days in the case of filing a Registration Statement and five (5) business days
in the case of an Underwritten Offering (unless such offering is an overnight or bought Underwritten Offering, then two (2) business days),
in each case, after receipt of such written notice (or, in the case of a Block Trade, within two (2) business days) (such Registration
a Piggyback Registration). PubCo shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in
such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten
Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in
a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of PubCo included in such Registration and to permit
the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such
Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by PubCo
(including with respect to the customary indemnification and contribution obligations of the Holders selling Registrable Securities).

2.2.2 Reduction
of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises PubCo and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the
dollar amount or number of PubCo Ordinary Shares that PubCo desires to sell, taken together with (a) PubCo Ordinary Shares, if any, as
to which the Underwritten Offering has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other
than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (b) the Registrable Securities as to which inclusion has been requested pursuant
to Section 2.2 hereof, and (c) PubCo Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which inclusion has been requested pursuant to separate
written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of PubCo, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Underwritten Offering
is undertaken for PubCos account, PubCo shall include in any such Underwritten Offering (i) first, the PubCo Ordinary Shares
or other equity securities that PubCo desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable
Securities of Holders exercising their rights to include their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof,
Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), PubCo Ordinary Shares, if any,
as to which inclusion has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of PubCo,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(b) If
the Underwritten Offering is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then PubCo
shall include in any such Underwritten Offering (i) first, PubCo Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, Pro Rata, of
such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i),
the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to include their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1,
Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), PubCo Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities that PubCo desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii),
PubCo Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that PubCo is obligated to include pursuant
to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities.

Exhibit A-8

2.2.3 Piggyback
Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any
or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to PubCo and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to
withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect
to such Piggyback Registration or the launch of the Underwritten Offering with respect to such Piggyback Registration. PubCo (whether
on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons or entities pursuant to separate written contractual
obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior
to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or abandon an Underwritten Offering in connection with a Piggyback Registration at
any time prior to the launch of such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, PubCo shall be
responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited
Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Underwritten Offering effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
shall not be counted as an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Restrictions
on Registration Rights. If (a) the Holders of Registrable Securities have requested an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten
Demand and PubCo and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offering; or (b) in
the good faith judgment of the Board a Registration or Underwritten Offering would be seriously detrimental to PubCo and the Board concludes
as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of the applicable Registration Statement or the undertaking of such Underwritten
Offering at such time, then in each case PubCo shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating
that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to PubCo for such Registration Statement to be filed or
to undertake such Underwritten Offering in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration
Statement or undertaking of such Underwritten Offering. In such event, PubCo shall have the right to defer such filing or offering for
a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that PubCo shall not defer its obligation in this manner
more than once in any twelve (12)-month period.

2.4 Block
Trades. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article II, but subject to Sections 2.3 and 3.4, if the Holders
desire to effect a Block Trade, then, notwithstanding any other time periods in this Article II, the Holders shall provide written
notice to PubCo at least five (5) business days prior to the date such Block Trade will commence, and PubCo shall use its reasonable best
efforts to facilitate such Block Trade as promptly as possible. The Holders shall use reasonable best efforts to work with PubCo and the
Underwriters (including by disclosing the maximum number of Registrable Securities proposed to be the subject of such Block Trade) in
order to facilitate preparation of the Registration Statement, Prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Block Trade
and any related due diligence and comfort procedures. In the event of a Block Trade, and after consultation with PubCo, the Demanding
Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) shall determine the Maximum Number of Securities, the underwriter or underwriters and the
share price of such offering.

2.5 Waiver.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Holder may notify PubCo of its election to waive any and all rights (i)
to receive notice of an Underwritten Demand or Piggyback Registration as provided for in this Article II or (ii) to participate
in any such Underwritten Offering or Piggyback Registration. As long as any such waiver remains outstanding and has not been rescinded
in writing, PubCo agrees not to notify any such Holder of any Underwritten Demand or Piggyback Registration or provide any such Holder
with any information relating thereto.

Exhibit A-9

Article III

PUBCO Procedures

3.1 General
Procedures. In connection with any Registration contemplated herein, PubCo shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect such Registration
to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto,
PubCo shall, as promptly as possible:

3.1.1 prepare
and file with the Commission within the timeframe required by Section 2.1.1 a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable
Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective within the timeframe required
by Section 2.1.1 and remain effective, including filing a replacement Registration Statement, if necessary, until all Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold or are no longer outstanding (the Effectiveness Period);

3.1.2 prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the
Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by the Holders of Registrable Securities or any Underwriter(s) of Registrable Securities or
as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by PubCo or by the Securities Act
or rules and regulations thereunder, to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the
Prospectus or are no longer outstanding;

3.1.3 prior
to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriter(s),
if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such
Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each
preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration
or the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Holders; provided, that PubCo will not have any obligation to provide any document pursuant to this clause that is available
on the Commissions EDGAR system;

3.1.4 prior
to any Underwritten Offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (a) register or qualify the Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States
as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may
request and to keep such registration or qualification in effect for so long as such Registration Statement remains in effect and (b) take
such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by
such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of PubCo, and do any and all other acts
and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement
to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that PubCo shall
not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any
action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise
so subject;

Exhibit A-10

3.1.5 cause
all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued
by PubCo are then listed;

3.1.6 provide
a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of
such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise
each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of any request by the
Commission that PubCo amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus or the issuance of any stop order by the Commission
suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly
use its reasonable best efforts to amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus or prevent the issuance of any stop order
or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 during
the Effectiveness Period, at least five (5) business days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration
Statement or Prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel; provided, that PubCo will
not have any obligation to provide any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Commissions EDGAR system;

3.1.9 notify
the Holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as
then in effect, includes a Misstatement, or in the opinion of counsel for PubCo it is necessary to supplement or amend such Prospectus
to comply with law, and then to correct such Misstatement or include such information as is necessary to comply with law, in each case
as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit
a representative of the Holders of Registrable Securities (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders),
the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons
own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause PubCos officers, directors and employees to supply all
information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration;
provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to PubCo, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, PubCo may not include
the name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus,
any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such
Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter
and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments
PubCo shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

Exhibit A-11

3.1.11 obtain
a cold comfort letter from PubCos independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Offering,
in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter
or its counsel may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on
the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion and negative assurance letters,
dated such date, of counsel representing PubCo for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders of such Registrable Securities,
the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration
in respect of which such opinion and negative assurance letters are being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter
may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to
a majority in interest of the participating Holders, it being understood that no negative assurance letter shall be provided by Cayman
Islands counsel to PubCo;

3.1.13 in
the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary
form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 otherwise
use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and to make available to its security
holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the
first day of PubCos first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions
of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 make
available for inspection, upon written request, by (i) the Holders whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement,
(ii) any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement, and (iii) any attorney, accountant or other
professional retained by any Holder whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement or by any Underwriter, all
financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of PubCo, as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to
exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause PubCos officers and directors to supply all material information reasonably
requested by any of them in connection with such Registration Statement;

3.1.16 use
its reasonable best efforts to make available senior executives of PubCo to participate in customary road show presentations
that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in such Underwritten Offering; and

Exhibit A-12

3.1.17 otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by, the Holders of Registrable
Securities in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by PubCo. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders
shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and
discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses,
all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering initiated by PubCo hereunder unless
such person (a) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by
PubCo and (b) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting
agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements. PubCo will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Underwriter shall require any Holder to make any representations or warranties to
or agreements with PubCo or the Underwriters other than representations, warranties or agreements regarding such Holder and such Holders
intended method of distribution and any other representation required by law, and if, despite the PubCos commercially reasonable
efforts, an Underwriter requires any Holder to make additional representation or warranties to or agreements with such Underwriter, such
Holder may elect not to participate in such Underwritten Offering (but shall not have any claims against PubCo as a result of such election).
Any liability of such Holder to any Underwriter or other person under such underwriting agreement shall be limited to an amount equal
to the proceeds (net of expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions) that it derives from such Underwritten Offering.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from PubCo that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement,
or in the opinion of counsel for PubCo it is necessary to supplement or amend such Prospectus to comply with law, each of the Holders
shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended
Prospectus correcting the Misstatement or including the information counsel for PubCo believes to be necessary to comply with law (it
being understood that PubCo hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of
such notice such that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, as applicable, will not include a Misstatement
and complies with law), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by PubCo that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing,
initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration or Underwritten Offering at any time
would require PubCo to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements
that are unavailable to PubCo for reasons beyond PubCos control, PubCo may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to
the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time,
but in no event more than thirty (30) calendar days, determined in good faith by PubCo to be necessary for such purpose; provided, however,
that PubCo shall not have the right to exercise the rights set forth in this Section 3.4 for more than 90 consecutive calendar
days or more than 120 calendar days, in any such case, in any 12-month period. In the event PubCo exercises its rights under the preceding
sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating
to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. PubCo shall immediately notify the Holders of
the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

Exhibit A-13

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, PubCo, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under
the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by PubCo after the date hereof pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. PubCo further covenants that
it shall take such further action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time
to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within
the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter
by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, PubCo shall deliver
to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Transfer
Restrictions.

3.6.1 Subject
to the exceptions set forth herein, each Holder (other than the Unlocked Company Holder), severally and not jointly, covenants and agrees
not to, during the Lock-Up Period, without the prior written consent of the board of directors of PubCo, (i) directly or indirectly, tender,
transfer, grant, assign, offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge, make any short sale or otherwise dispose of (including by
gift, tender or exchange offer, merger or operation of law), encumber, hedge or utilize a derivative to transfer the economic interest
in (each a Transfer), or make a public announcement of any intention to effect any Transfer in, any Registrable
Securities acquired by such Holder in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively,
the Lock-up Shares); (ii) enter into any transactions that would have the same effect as the foregoing clause
(i); or (iii) enter into any contracts, option, swap, hedge or other arrangement with respect to the Transfers of, in whole or in part,
the economic consequences of ownership of any Lock-Up Shares, whether any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of any such
Lock-Up Shares, in cash or otherwise; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to:

(a) Transfers
to a partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity of which such Holder or its Immediate Family Members is the legal
and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests;

(b) Transfers
(A) by gift to any of such Holders Immediate Family Members; (B) to a family trust, established for the exclusive benefit of such
Holder or any of such Holders equity holders or any of their respective Immediate Family Members; (C) by virtue of laws of descent
and distribution, upon death of such Holder; or (D) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

Exhibit A-14

(c) if
such Holder is not a natural person, Transfers (A) to another person that is an Affiliate of the Holder, or to any investment fund or
other entity Controlling, Controlled by, managing or managed by or under common Control with the Holder or its Affiliates or who shares
a common investment advisor with the Holder; or (B) as part of a distribution to members, partners or shareholders of the Holder via dividend
or share repurchase;

(d) if
such Holder is not a natural person, Transfers by virtue of the Laws of the place of the Holders incorporation or establishment
and the Holders Organizational Documents upon dissolution of the Holder;

(e) Transfers
to a charitable or a charitable foundation controlled by the Holder, its equity holders or any of their respective Immediate Family Members;

(f) the
exercise of any options or warrants to purchase PubCo Ordinary Shares (which exercises may be effected on a cashless basis to the extent
the instruments representing such options or warrants permit exercises on a cashless basis);

(g) in
the case of the Listed Company Holders, Transfers pledged in a bona fide transaction to third parties as collateral to secure obligations
pursuant to lending or other arrangements between such third parties (or their affiliates or designees) and such Holder and/or its Affiliates
or any similar arrangement relating to a financing arrangement for the benefit of such Holder;

(h) Transfers
of PubCo Ordinary Shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for PubCo Ordinary Shares, in each case acquired
in open market transactions after the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement;

(i) Transfers of the
Private Placement Warrants (including any PubCo Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of any such Private Placement Warrants) and
Transfers of an aggregate of 800,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares initially held by Sponsor at Closing; and

(j) Transfers
in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, exchange of shares or other similar transaction which results in all of PubCos
shareholders having the right to exchange their PubCo Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

the transferee of each of the
foregoing clauses (a) through (j) being a Permitted Transferee; provided further, however, that in the case
of clauses (a) through (g), these Permitted Transferees shall enter into a written agreement, in substantially the form of this Section
3.6, agreeing to be bound by the restrictions on Transfer of Lock-Up Shares prior to such Transfer.

3.6.2 PubCo
shall not amend or waive the lock-up restrictions agreed with any of the Holders hereunder or otherwise release any Holder from such lock-up
restrictions as provided in this Agreement, unless PubCo extends such amendment, waiver and/or release to all other Holders which are
party hereto. PubCo shall provide at least ten (10) business days advance written notice to all Holders which are party hereto
of any such amendment or waiver.

Exhibit A-15

3.6.3 Each
Holder hereby represents and warrants that it now has and, except as contemplated by Section 3.6, for the duration of the Lock-Up
Period will have good and marketable title to its Lock-Up Shares, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, and claims that could impact
the ability of such Holder to comply with the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.6. Each Holder agrees and consents to the
entry of stop transfer instructions with PubCos transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of any Lock-Up Shares during
the Lock-Up Period.

Article IV

Indemnification and Contribution

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 PubCo
agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person
who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) (the Holder Indemnified Parties) against
all losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained
in any information furnished in writing to PubCo by such Holder expressly for use therein. PubCo shall promptly reimburse the Holder Indemnified
Parties for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Holder Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and
defending any such losses, judgments, claims, actions, damages, liabilities or expenses. PubCo shall indemnify the Underwriters, their
officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as
provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In
connection with any Registration Statement for a Registration in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder
shall furnish to PubCo in writing such information and affidavits as PubCo reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify PubCo, its directors and officers
and agents, and each other Holder and its respective partners, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person who controls
PubCo or any other Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act or Exchange Act, as applicable) against any losses, claims, actions,
damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement
of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any
information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation
to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder
of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable
Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their partners,
officers, directors, employees and agents, and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act or
Exchange Act, as applicable) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of PubCo.

Exhibit A-16

4.1.3 Any
person entitled to indemnification herein shall (a) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect
to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (b) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim or there
may be reasonable defenses available to the indemnified party that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying
party, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.
If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party
without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not
to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for
all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party
a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim.
No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms
of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any partner, officer, director, employee, agent, or controlling person of such indemnified party, as
applicable, and shall survive the transfer of securities. PubCo and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering
also hereby agree to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event
PubCos or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If
the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses
referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall to the extent permitted by law contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by a court of law by reference
to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified
party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5
shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability (after payment
of any underwriting fees, discounts, commissions, or taxes). The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other
liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2
and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation
or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty
of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Exhibit A-17

Article V

Miscellaneous

5.1 Notices.
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (a) deposit in the United States mail, addressed
to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (b) delivery in person or
by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (c) transmission by hand delivery, facsimile or email. Each notice or communication
that is mailed, delivered or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received,
in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered
by courier service, hand delivery, facsimile or email, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or
the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under
this Agreement must be addressed, if to PubCo, to: [___] and, if to any Holder, to the address of such Holder as it appears in the applicable
register for Registrable Securities or such other address as may be designated in writing by such Holder (including on the signature pages
hereto). Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto,
and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of PubCo hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by PubCo in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior
to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period for a Holder, no Holder (other than the Unlocked Company Holder) may assign or delegate such Holders
rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities
by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee in accordance with subsection 3.6.1.

5.2.3 This
Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and
the permitted assigns of the applicable Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

Exhibit A-18

5.2.4 This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate PubCo
unless and until PubCo shall have received (a) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and
(b) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to PubCo, to be bound by the terms and provisions of
this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made
other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign or other similar services and
delivered by portable document format (pdf) transmission) in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all
of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE
THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK
RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION
AND THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY
OF NEW YORK IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

5.5 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of PubCo and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the
foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of
the Registrable Securities, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent
of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or PubCo and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the
part of a Holder or PubCo in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or PubCo. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver
or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

Exhibit A-19

5.6 Legend
Removal. If a Holder holds Registrable Securities that are eligible to be sold without restriction under Rule 144 under the Securities
Act (other than the restriction set forth under Rule 144(i)) or pursuant to an effective Registration Statement, then, at such Holders
request, accompanied by such additional representations and other documents as PubCo shall reasonably request, PubCo shall cause PubCos
transfer agent to remove any restrictive legend set forth on the Registrable Securities held by such Holder in connection with any sale
of such Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 or the effective Registration Statement, as applicable (including, if required by
PubCos transfer agent, by delivering to PubCos transfer agent a direction letter and opinion of counsel). Promptly following
the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, PubCo shall cause its transfer agent to remove the restrictive legend limiting the transfer of such
Lock-Up Shares pursuant to Section 3.6 hereof.

5.7 Remedies
Cumulative. In the event that PubCo fails to observe or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed under this Agreement,
the Holders may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity or action at law, whether for specific performance of any
term contained in this Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted
in this Agreement or to enforce any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one or more of such actions, without being required
to post a bond. None of the rights, powers or remedies conferred under this Agreement shall be mutually exclusive, and each such right,
power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other right, power or remedy, whether conferred by this Agreement or now or
hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.

5.8 Other
Registration Rights. PubCo represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to
require PubCo to register any securities of PubCo for sale or to include such securities of PubCo in any Registration filed by PubCo for
the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, PubCo represents and warrants that this Agreement
supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between
any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. From and after the date of this Agreement,
PubCo shall not, without the approval of the Holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities, enter into any agreement
with any holder or prospective holder of any Registrable Securities that would grant such holder or prospective holder any registration
rights more favorable in any material respect than those rights granted pursuant to this Agreement.

5.9 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (a) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (b) the date as
of which the Holders cease to hold any Registrable Securities. The provisions of Section 3.5, Article IV and Article
V shall survive any termination in accordance with their terms.

5.10 Waivers
and Extensions. Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach or default which such party has the right to waive, provided
that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers
to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default waived has occurred. Any
waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding
or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or extension of time for performance
of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or acts.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES FOLLOW]

Exhibit A-20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

PUBCO:

[___]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A-21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

SPONSOR:

Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A-22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

SPAC:

[_______________] (f/k/a Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A-23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

HOLDER:

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A-24

EXHIBIT A

SPAC HOLDERS

[___]

[___]

[___]

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT B

COMPANY HOLDERS

The Southern SelliBen Trust

NostroHeritage Foundation

South Rivers Foundation

Red Richmond Foundation

Mzilikazi Godfrey Khumalo

Exhibit B-1

EXHIBIT C

LISTED COMPANY HOLDERS

NostroHeritage Foundation

South Rivers Foundation

Red Richmond Foundation

Exhibit C-1

EXHIBIT D

UNLOCKED COMPANY HOLDER

Mzilikazi Godfrey Khumalo

Exhibit D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023813801ex10-1_hennessy6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED SPONSOR LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 14, 2025, BY AND AMONG HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI, HENNESSY CAPITAL PARTNERS VI LLC AND NAMIB MINERALS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

April 14, 2025

Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI

P.O. Box 1036, 195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr Cove, Nevada 89448

Re: Amended and Restated Sponsor Letter Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made
to (a) that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024 (as amended from time to time, the BCA),
by and among (i) Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation (SPAC), (ii) Namib Minerals, an exempted
company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (PubCo), (iii) Midas SPAC Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of PubCo, (iv) Cayman Merger Sub Ltd., an exempted company
limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of PubCo, and (v) Greenstone
Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Company)
and (b) that certain Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024 (the Sponsor Letter Agreement), by and among
Hennessy Capital Partners VI LLC (Sponsor), SPAC and PubCo. Terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings given to such terms in the BCA.

Sponsor, SPAC and PubCo hereby
agree to amend and restate the Sponsor Letter Agreement (as so amended and restated, this Agreement, which for the
sake of clarity constitutes the Sponsor Letter Agreement referred to in the BCA), which shall read as follows:

1. Sponsor shall, immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Closing, forfeit, or cause to be forfeited,
to SPAC the sum of (a) 6,664,318 shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock or SPAC Class B Common Stock held by Sponsor or any other Persons
holding founder shares prior to the Closing, plus (b) the Forfeited Polar Working Capital Shares (as defined below), if
any (all such forfeited shares, the Forfeited Founder Shares; and the forfeiture of the Forfeited Founder Shares,
the Sponsor Forfeiture). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) nothing in this Section 1 shall require Sponsor to
forfeit or transfer any other securities apart from the Forfeited Founder Shares and (ii) after giving effect to the Forfeited Founder
Shares in clause (a) above, Sponsor and such other Persons holding founder shares shall hold an aggregate of 4,700,000 shares of
SPAC Class A Common Stock or SPAC Class B Common Stock immediately prior to the Closing less the Forfeited Polar Working Capital Shares,
700,000 of which are designated for payment of SPAC Transaction Expenses.

2. To effect the Sponsor Forfeiture, immediately prior to (and contingent upon) the Closing: (a) Sponsor
shall, or shall cause such other Persons holding founder shares to, transfer the Forfeited Founder Shares to SPAC for cancellation and
in exchange for no consideration; (b) SPAC shall immediately retire and cancel all of the Forfeited Founder Shares (and shall direct SPACs
transfer agent (or such other intermediaries as appropriate) to take any and all such actions incidental thereto); and (c) Sponsor and
SPAC each shall take such actions as are necessary to cause the Forfeited Founder Shares to be retired and cancelled, after which the
Forfeited Founder Shares shall no longer be issued or outstanding.

3. Prior to the Closing, Sponsor shall not, and shall cause such other Persons holding founder shares not
to, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of or hypothecate, or otherwise grant any interest in or to, the Forfeited
Founder Shares other than pursuant to the Sponsor Forfeiture. Sponsor hereby authorizes SPAC during the period from the date hereof until
the earlier of the Closing or termination of this Agreement to cause its transfer agent for the Forfeited Founder Shares to decline to
transfer, and to note stop transfer restrictions on the stock register and/or legends on the stock certificate(s) or book entries relating
to the Forfeited Founder Shares.

4. Notwithstanding the foregoing:

a. Sponsor shall take such actions (including making cash payments, agreeing to transfer PubCo securities
or obtaining written releases) as to ensure that, at and following the Closing, none of SPAC, the Company or PubCo has any liability with
respect to any unpaid SPAC Transaction Expenses, including as set forth on the written report delivered by SPAC pursuant to Section
2.8(b) of the BCA and including in respect of the Polar Working Capital Loans; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, Sponsor
shall not be responsible for any expenses or Liabilities of SPAC arising after the Closing;

b. SPAC shall not issue to Sponsor, and Sponsor shall not accept the issuance of, any SPAC Securities or
PubCo securities in repayment of any Sponsor Party Working Capital Loans;

c. Sponsor shall, at or prior to the Closing, and in support of the financial condition of SPAC, forfeit
a number of shares of SPAC Class A Common Stock or SPAC Class B Common Stock (the Forfeited Polar Working Capital Shares)
equal to the number of Polar Working Capital Shares (defined below). PubCo shall issue Pubco Ordinary Shares to creditors of the Polar
Working Capital Loans equal to the number of PubCo Ordinary Shares required to be transferred at the Closing to such creditors in respect
of the Polar Working Capital Loans, including if the creditors under the Polar Working Capital Loans elect for all or a portion of the
Polar Working Capital Loans to be repaid in PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Polar Working Capital Shares); and

d. Sponsor and SPAC shall cause the terms of the SPAC Private Placement Warrants to be amended, effective
as of the Closing, such that they are identical to the terms of the SPAC Public Warrants.

5. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions to Closing set forth in Sections 9.1,
9.2 and 9.3 of the BCA, effective immediately prior to the Closing, Sponsor hereby waives, in accordance with Section 4.3(b)(ii)
of the SPAC Charter, any and all rights that any holder of shares of SPAC Class B Common Stock has or will have under Section 4.3(b)(ii)
of the SPAC Charter to receive, with respect to each share of SPAC Class B Common Stock, more than one (1) share of SPAC Class A Common
Stock upon the automatic conversion of such share of SPAC Class B Common Stock in accordance with the SPAC Charter in connection with
the consummation of the Transactions. Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that the foregoing waiver is binding on all holders of shares
of SPAC Class B Common Stock and their successors and assigns. Without limitation of the foregoing, Sponsor hereby acknowledges and agrees
that pursuant to the BCA, upon the consummation of the Transactions, each share of SPAC Class B Common Stock shall automatically be cancelled
and cease to exist and shall be converted into the right to receive one (1) PubCo Ordinary Share. For the avoidance of doubt, if either
this Agreement or the BCA is terminated, then this Section 5 shall be deemed null and void ab initio.

6. Sponsor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless PubCo, SPAC, the Company and their respective Affiliates
(collectively, the Indemnified Parties) from and against any and all Excise Taxes of SPAC. If any Indemnified Party
receives notice of the assessment of any Excise Taxes, the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify Sponsor of its indemnification obligations
hereunder, and provide written evidence of the amount and allocation of Excise Taxes being charged. Sponsor shall have (a) the sole and
exclusive right to prepare, execute, and file, in the name and on behalf of SPAC, any and all forms, returns, and other documents required
to be filed with respect to any Excise Taxes, and to take any other actions on behalf of SPAC related thereto; and (b) the right to control,
contest, defend, or settle any claim, action, or proceeding related to any Excise Taxes or the payment thereof or obligations related
thereto. After the Closing, if the obligations with respect to the Excise Taxes have not been satisfied and Sponsor will liquidate or
distribute or sell any of its PubCo Ordinary Shares and/or PubCo Warrants, then prior to such liquidation or sale, the parties will work
together in good faith to replace the Sponsor as the indemnifying party in this Section 6.

2

7. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written
or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

8. No party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 8 shall be
void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Agreement shall
be binding on the undersigned and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

9. This Agreement and any claim or cause of action hereunder based upon, arising out of or related to this
Agreement (whether based on law, in equity, in contract, in tort or any other theory) or the negotiation, execution, performance or enforcement
of this Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the
principles of conflicts of laws that would otherwise require the application of the law of any other State. Each party hereto further
agrees that notice as provided herein shall constitute sufficient service of process and each of the parties hereto further waives any
argument that such service is insufficient. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State
or federal courts of the State of Delaware solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement
and the Transactions, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for interpretation or
enforcement hereof or that such action suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that venue thereof
may not be appropriate or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably agree
that all claims with respect to such action, suit or proceeding shall be heard and determined by such a Delaware State or federal court.
Each of the parties hereto hereby consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject
matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with such action, suits or proceeding in the manner
provided in Section 10 hereof or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.
Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement or the Transactions is likely
to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such
party may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
the Transactions. Each of the parties hereto certifies and acknowledges that (i) no representative, agent or attorney of any other party
hereto has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing
waiver; (ii) such party understands and has considered the implications of the foregoing waiver; (iii) such party makes the foregoing
waiver voluntarily and (iv) such party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waiver and certifications
in this Section 9.

10. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement
shall be in writing and may be delivered personally, by courier or by electronic mail to the intended recipient thereof at its courier
delivery or email address as set forth adjacent to each undersigneds signature below (or to such other courier delivery or email
address as a party may from time to time notify the other parties hereto by giving notice in accordance with this Section 10).

3

11. This Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived except by a written instrument executed
by SPAC, PubCo and Sponsor. Compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party or Parties granting such waiver.

12. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto acknowledges
that, as described in the final prospectus of SPAC, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2021 (Registration No. 333-254062) (the SPAC
Prospectus), SPAC has established the trust account described therein (the Trust Account) for the benefit
of SPACs public shareholders pursuant to the Trust Agreement and that disbursements from the Trust Account are available only in
the limited circumstances set forth therein. Each of Sponsor and the Company hereto further acknowledges and agrees that a significant
amount of SPACs assets consist of the cash proceeds of SPACs initial public offering (the IPO) and
private placements of its securities occurring simultaneously with the IPO, and that substantially all of these proceeds have been deposited
in the Trust Account for the benefit of its public shareholders. Accordingly, each of Sponsor and the Company (on behalf of itself and
its Affiliates) hereby irrevocably waives any Released Claims (as defined below), in the past, now or in the future as a result of, or
arising out of, this Agreement, any negotiation, contracts or agreements with the Company, each of the parties hereto, or its respective
representative, against, and any right to access, the Trust Account, any trustee of the Trust Account and SPAC, to collect from the Trust
Account any monies that may be owed to them by SPAC or any of its Affiliates for any reason whatsoever, regardless of whether such claim
arises as a result of, in connection with or relating to any way to, this Agreement or any other matter, and regardless of whether such
claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability (collectively, the Released Claims)
and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account at any time for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall serve
to limit or prohibit Sponsors or the Companys right to pursue a claim against SPAC pursuant to this Agreement for legal
relief against monies or other assets of SPAC held outside the Trust Account or for specific performance or other equitable relief in
connection with the Transactions or for intentional fraud in the making of the representations and warranties in this Agreement. This
Section 12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.

13. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign
or other means, and delivered in portable document format (pdf) or in other electronic form by electronic service or by any other means)
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed (and shall have the same legal effect as) an original, and all of which together
shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

14. This Agreement shall immediately terminate, without any further action by the parties hereto, at such
time, if any, that the BCA is terminated in accordance with its terms.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

4

Please indicate your agreement to the foregoing
by signing in the space provided below.

HENNESSY CAPITAL PARTNERS VI LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: Hennessy Capital Group LLC, its managing member

By: /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy

Title: Managing Member

Address:

PO BOX 1036, 195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr Cove, NV 89448

Attention: Daniel J. Hennessy, 

Thomas Hennessy, and Nick Geeza

Email: dhennessy@hennessycapitalgroup.com, thennessy@hennessycapitalgroup.com, and ngeeza@hennessycapitalgroup.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sidley Austin LLP

One South Dearborn

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attention: Jeffrey N. Smith and Michael Heinz

Email:
jnsmith@sidley.com and mheinz@sidley.com

5

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: 

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI 

By: /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address: 

PO BOX 1036, 195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309 

Zephyr Cove, NV 89448 

Attention:
Daniel J. Hennessy, 

Thomas Hennessy, and Nick Geeza 

Email: dhennessy@hennessycapitalgroup.com, thennessy@hennessycapitalgroup.com, and ngeeza@hennessycapitalgroup.com 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

One South Dearborn 

Chicago, Illinois 60603 

Attention: Jeffrey N. Smith and Michael Heinz 

Email: jnsmith@sidley.com and mheinz@sidley.com 

6

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: 

NAMIB MINERALS 

/s/ Tulani Sikwila 

Name: Tulani Sikwila 

Title: Director 

Address: 

Namib Minerals 

c/o Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited 

71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, KY1-1106, Cayman Islands 

Attention: Ibrahima Tall 

Email: itall@greenstonecorp.com 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Greenberg Traurig LLP 

1 Vanderbilt Ave 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: Alan Annex and Adam Namoury 

Email:
alan.annex@gtlaw.com and adam.namoury@gtlaw.com 

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023813801ex10-2_hennessy6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT NO. 1

TO 

WARRANT AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO WARRANT
AGREEMENT, dated as of April 14, 2025 (this Amendment), is made by and between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp.
VI, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation,
as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Warrant Agent are parties to that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021 (the Existing Warrant Agreement;
capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Existing Warrant Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Company, Namib
Minerals, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (PubCo), Midas
SPAC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (SPAC Merger Sub), Cayman
Merger Sub Ltd., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
of PubCo (Company Merger Sub), and Greenstone Corporation, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands (Greenstone), entered into a business combination agreement (the Business
Combination Agreement), pursuant to which the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the Business
Combination), pursuant to which, (a) Company Merger Sub will merge with and into Greenstone (the Company Merger),
with Greenstone being the surviving entity of the Company Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo; and (b) immediately
following the Company Merger, SPAC Merger Sub will be merge with and into the Company (the SPAC Merger and, together
with the Company Merger, the Mergers and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement, the Transactions), with the Company being the surviving entity of the SPAC Merger and becoming a wholly-owned
subsidiary of PubCo; and

WHEREAS, Section 9.9
of the Existing Warrant Agreement provides that modifications and amendments to the Existing Warrant Agreement that amend the terms of
the Private Placement Warrants shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of at least a majority of the number
of the outstanding Private Placement Warrants, which written consent has been obtained for this Amendment as evidenced by the respective
signature pages of the Registered Holders of Private Placement Warrants attached hereto.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

1. Section 2.6 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with
the following:

2.6 Private Placement Warrants. The Private
Placement Warrants shall be identical to the Public Warrants.

2. Section 3.2 of the Existing Warrant
Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same
manner as the following example: stricken text)
as set forth below:

3.2 Duration of Warrants.
A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period) (A) commencing on the later of: (i) the
date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar transaction, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination),
and (ii) the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of the closing of the Offering, and (B) terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time on the earlier to occur of: (w) the date that is five (5) years after the date on which the Company completes its initial Business
Combination, (x) the liquidation of the Company in accordance with the Companys certificate of incorporation, as amended from
time to time, if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination, and (y) other than with respect
to the Private Placement Warrants, the Redemption Date (as defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 hereof (the
Expiration Date); provided, however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction
of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 below, with respect to an effective registration statement. Except
with respect to the right to receive the Redemption Price (as defined below) (other than with respect
to a Private Placement Warrant, except as set forth in Section 6 below)
in the event of a redemption (as set forth in Section 6 hereof), each Warrant (other than a Private
Placement Warrant in the event of a redemption, except as set forth in Section 6 below)not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become null and void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect
thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may
extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days
prior written notice of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants, and, provided further that any such extension shall
be identical in duration among all the Warrants.

3. Section 3.3.1(c) of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced
with the following:

[Intentionally omitted.]

4. Section
5.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the stricken text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) as set forth below:

5.2 Procedure for Surrender
of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer and thereupon
the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the Warrants so
surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that in the event that a Warrant surrendered
for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as in the case of the Private Placement Warrants),
the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion
of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive
legend.

2

5. Section 6.1 of the Existing Warrant
Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same
manner as the following example: stricken text)
and adding the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: double-underlined
text) as set forth below:

6.1 Redemption of Warrants
for Cash. Subject to Section 6.4 hereof, notNot
less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, at any time while they are exercisable and prior
to their expiration, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section
6.2 below, at the price of $0.01 per Warrant (the Redemption Price), provided that the closing price of the
Common Stock reported has been at least $18.00 per share (the Redemption Trigger Price; subject to adjustment in
compliance with Section 4 hereof), on each of twenty (20) trading days, within the thirty (30) trading-day period ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given and provided that there is an effective registration statement
covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout
the 30-day Redemption Period (as defined in Section 6.2 below).

6. Section 6.4 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with
the following:

[Intentionally omitted.]

7. The
first paragraph of Section 6.5 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended
by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
stricken text) and adding the double-underlined
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text) as set forth below:

6.5. Redemption of Warrants
for $0.10. Subject to Section 6.4 hereof, notNot
less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, at any time during the Exercise Period, at the
office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section 6.2 above, at a Redemption
Price of $0.10 per Warrant, provided that the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (subject to adjustment in compliance
with Section 4 hereof) and (ii) if the Reference Value is less than $18.00 per share (subject
to adjustment in compliance with Section 4hereof), the Private Placement Warrants are also
concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants. During the 30-day Redemption
Period in connection with a redemption pursuant to this Section 6.5, Registered Holders of the Warrants may elect to exercise
their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1 and receive a number of shares of Common Stock determined
by reference to the table below, based on the Redemption Date (calculated for purposes of the table as the period to expiration of the
Warrants) and the Redemption Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in this Section 6.5) (a Make-Whole
Exercise). Solely for purposes of this Section 6.5, the Redemption Fair Market Value shall mean
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately following the date on which notice of
redemption pursuant to this Section 6.5 is sent to the Registered Holders. In connection with any redemption pursuant to this
Section 6.5, the Company shall provide the Registered Holders with the Redemption Fair Market Value no later than one (1) Business
Day after the ten (10) trading day period described above ends.

3

8. Section
7.4.2 of the Existing Warrant Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the stricken text
(indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) as set forth below:

7.4.2 Cashless Exercise at
Companys Option. If the shares of Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act (or any
successor statute), the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants
who exercise Public Warrants to exercise such Public
Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor statute) as described
in subsection 7.4.1 and (i) in the event the Company so elects, the Company shall not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary or (ii) if the Company does not so elect, the Company agrees to
use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrant under the blue sky laws of the state of residence of the exercising PublicWarrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available.

9. The reference to (the Warrant Agreement) in Exhibit A to the
Existing Warrant Agreement contained in the first paragraph under the heading [Reverse] is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following reference:

(as amended,
the Warrant Agreement)

10. The following paragraph of Exhibit A to the Existing Warrant Agreement under the heading Election
to Purchase is hereby deleted in its entirety:

In the event that the Warrant is a Private Placement Warrant
that is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(d) of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares
of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(d) of the Warrant Agreement.

11. Effectiveness of this Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective as of immediately prior
to (and is contingent upon) the closing of the Transactions.

12. Full Force and Effect. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Existing Warrant Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect.

Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Amendment may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
A signature to this Amendment transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format) or facsimile as well as electronically
or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature
and shall be considered irrevocable originally executed counterparts of this Amendment.

14. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted
pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

[Signature Pages Follow]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VI

By: /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Henry Farrell 

Name: Henry Farrell 

Title: Vice President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO WARRANT
AGREEMENT]

Written Consent to this Amendment by the Registered Holder of a Private
Placement Warrant:

By signature below, the Registered Holder of a Private Placement Warrant
hereby consents to this Amendment:

Name: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Number of Private Placement Warrants: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO WARRANT
AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hcvi-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hcvi-20250414_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hcvi-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>hcvi-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40846

Entity Registrant Name Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI

Entity Central Index Key 0001842937

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1626937

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 195 US Hwy 50

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 309

Entity Address, City or Town Zephyr Cove

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89448

City Area Code 775

Local Phone Number 339-1671

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol HCVI

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol HCVIW

Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol HCVIU

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HCVI_SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HCVI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HCVI_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://hennessycapllc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238138-8k425_hennessy6.htm 
hcvi-20250414.xsd 
hcvi-20250414_def.xml 
hcvi-20250414_lab.xml 
hcvi-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-031729-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0238138-8k425_hennessy6_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001842937 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001842937 

HCVI:SharesOfClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001842937 

HCVI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

0001842937 

HCVI:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001842937 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VI 
DE 
001-40846 
86-1626937 
195 US Hwy 50 
Suite 309 
Zephyr Cove 
NV 
89448 
775 
339-1671 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
HCVI 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
HCVIW 
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
HCVIU 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>