<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007128.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007128.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115171428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hess Midstream LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001789832
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39163
		FILM NUMBER:		25533677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 MCKINNEY STREET
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125368039

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 MCKINNEY STREET
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d835284d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

DEfalse000178983200017898322025-01-132025-01-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 13, 2025

Hess Midstream LP

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

DELAWARE No. 001-39163 No. 84-3211812

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1501 McKinney Street

Houston, Texas77010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (713)496-4200

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A shares representing limited partner interests HESM New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Repurchase Transaction 

On January 13, 2025, Hess Midstream LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Company), Hess Midstream Operations LP, a Delaware limited partnership and a subsidiary of the Company that holds all of the Companys operating assets (HESM OpCo and, together with the Company, the Partnership Entities), Hess Investments North Dakota LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HINDL), and GIP II Blue Holding, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (GIP and, together with HINDL, the Sponsors and each, a Sponsor), entered into a Unit Repurchase Agreement (the Repurchase Agreement) pursuant to which HESM OpCo agreed to purchase from (a) HINDL 967,541 Class B units representing limited partner interests in HESM OpCo (the Class B Units) and (b) GIP 1,605,136 Class B Units (such Class B Units subject to the Repurchase Agreement, the Repurchased Units) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $100 million (the Repurchase Transaction). The Repurchase Transaction was consummated on January 15, 2025. The purchase price per Class B Unit was $38.87, the closing price of the Class A shares representing limited partner interests in the Company (the Class A Shares) on January 13, 2025. HESM OpCo funded the payment of the purchase price using borrowings under its existing credit facility. Pursuant to the terms of the Repurchase Agreement, immediately following the closing of the Repurchase Transaction, HESM OpCo cancelled the Repurchased Units, and the Company cancelled, for no consideration, an equal number of Class B shares representing limited partner interests in the Company (the Class B Shares) held by Hess Midstream GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the general partner of the Company (the General Partner) and/or the Sponsors, in accordance with Section 5.5(e) of the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Company, dated as of December 16, 2019. 

The terms of the Repurchase Agreement were unanimously approved by the Board of Directors (the Board) of Hess Midstream GP LLC (GP LLC), the general partner of the General Partner, and the Conflicts Committee of the Board consisting solely of independent directors. The Conflicts Committee retained independent legal and financial advisors to assist it in evaluating and negotiating the Repurchase Agreement and the Repurchase Transaction. 

Each of the Sponsors made customary representations and warranties in the Repurchase Agreement, including, among others, representations and warranties as to their organization, authorization to enter into the Repurchase Agreement, ownership of the Repurchased Units and necessary consents and approvals. Each of the Partnership Entities also made customary representations and warranties in the Repurchase Agreement, including, among others, representations and warranties as to their organization, authorization to enter into the Repurchase Agreement and necessary consents and approvals. 

The above description of the Repurchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Repurchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Repurchase Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms. The document is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, HESM OpCo, or the Sponsors. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Repurchase Agreement are being made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement, made solely for the allocation of risk between the parties and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

Relationships 

The Company is managed and controlled by GP LLC. GP LLC is wholly owned by Hess Infrastructure Partners GP LLC (HIP GP), and HIP GP is owned 50% by HINDL and 50% by GIP. As a result, certain individuals, including officers and directors of Hess Corporation, HINDL, GIP, HIP GP and the General Partner, serve as officers and/or directors of more than one of such other entities. In addition, after giving effect to the Repurchase Transaction, each of HINDL and GIP has beneficial ownership of 449,000 Class A Shares, HINDL has beneficial ownership of 81,018,146 Class B Shares and 81,018,146 Class B Units and GIP has beneficial ownership of 30,336,403 Class B Shares and 30,336,403 Class B Units. Such Class A Shares, Class B Shares and Class B Units collectively represent an approximate 52.1% voting interest and 0.9% economic interest in the Company and an approximate 52.1% economic interest in HESM OpCo. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The description of the Repurchase Transaction (as defined above) in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On January 14, 2025, the Company issued a news release announcing the Repurchase Transaction. 

A copy of this press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information set forth in the attached Exhibit 99.1 is deemed to be furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Item 9.01. 

Exhibits 

10.1 Unit Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among Hess Midstream LP, Hess Midstream Operations LP, Hess Investments North Dakota LLC and GIP II Blue Holding, L.P. 

99.1 News Release Announcing the Repurchase Transaction 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

HESS MIDSTREAM LP

By: 

Hess Midstream GP LP,

its general partner

By: 

Hess Midstream GP LLC,

its general partner

Date: January 15, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jonathan C. Stein

Name: Jonathan C. Stein

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d835284dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

UNIT REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This UNIT REPURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 13, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and among
Hess Midstream Operations LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HESM OpCo), Hess Midstream LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Hess Midstream and, together with HESM OpCo, the Partnership
Parties), Hess Investments North Dakota LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (HINDL), and GIP II Blue Holding, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (GIP and together with HINDL,
the Sponsors). HESM OpCo, Hess Midstream, HINDL and GIP are sometimes individually referred to herein as a Party and collectively referred to herein as the Parties. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, (a) HINDL is the record and beneficial owner of 81,985,687 OpCo Class B Units
(as defined below) and (b) GIP is the record and beneficial owner of 31,941,539 OpCo Class B Units; 

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to effect a transaction in which HESM OpCo will purchase from (a) HINDL an aggregate
of 967,541 OpCo Class B Units (the HINDLRepurchased Units) and (b) GIP an aggregate of 1,605,136 OpCo Class B Units (the GIP Repurchased Units and, together with the
HINDL Repurchased Units, the Repurchased Units and each, a Repurchased Unit) for an amount of cash equal to (a) $38.87 per Repurchased Unit, multiplied by (b) the number of Repurchased
Units to be transferred by such Sponsor hereunder (such amount with respect to each Sponsor, the Cash Consideration); 

WHEREAS, in connection with the purchase and acquisition by HESM OpCo of the Repurchased Units, HESM OpCo and each of
the Sponsors will enter into an Assignment Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (each, an Assignment), which Assignment shall provide for the assignment of the applicable Repurchased Units from such
Sponsor to HESM OpCo; 

WHEREAS, immediately following the purchase of the Repurchased Units by HESM OpCo, at the
Closing (as defined below), Hess Midstream shall cancel, for no consideration, an aggregate number of Class B Shares (as defined below) held by Hess Midstream Partners GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the General
Partner), HINDL and/or GIP equal to the aggregate number of Repurchased Units purchased by HESM OpCo hereunder in accordance with Section 5.5(e) of the HESM Company Agreement (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Conflicts Committee (as defined below) has reviewed, authorized and approved this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents (as defined below) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, with such approval constituting Special Approval (as defined in the HESM Company Agreement) for all purposes of the HESM Company Agreement, including
Section 7.9(b) thereof; and 

WHEREAS, subsequent to the approval by the Conflicts Committee, the board of
directors (the HESM Board) of Hess Midstream Partners GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of the General Partner, approved this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms below: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly,
Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with, such specified Person through one or more intermediaries or otherwise; provided, however, that (a) with respect to any Sponsor, the term Affiliate shall not include
any Group Member or any other Sponsor or its respective Affiliates, and (b) with respect to any Partnership Party, the term Affiliate shall not include any Sponsor or any of its respective Affiliates (other than a Group Member).

Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereof. 

Applicable Law or Law means any applicable statute, law, regulation,
ordinance, rule, judgment, rule of law (including common law), decree, permit, requirement, or other governmental restriction or any similar form of decision of, or any provision or condition issued under any of the foregoing by, or any
determination by any Governmental Authority having or asserting jurisdiction over the matter or matters in question, whether now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended (including all of the terms and provisions of the common law of such
Governmental Authority), as interpreted and enforced at the time in question. 

Assignment has
the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto. 

Business Day has the meaning given to
such term in the OpCo Partnership Agreement. 

Cash Consideration has the meaning given to such
term in the recitals hereto. 

Cause means, with respect to a director, the occurrence of any of
the following: 

(a) the willful, intentional and material breach or the habitual and continued neglect by such director of
his or her duties; 

(b) such directors willful and intentional violation of any state or federal laws, or the
organizational documents of Hess Midstream; or 

(c) such directors commission of any felony or a crime involving
moral turpitude, or such directors willful and intentional commission of a fraudulent or dishonest act. 

Class B Shares has the meaning given to such term in the HESM
Company Agreement. 

Closing has the meaning given to such term in
Section 2.1(b). 

Closing Date has the meaning given to such term in
Section 2.1(b). 

2 

Conflicts Committee has the meaning set forth in
the HESM Company Agreement. 

Contract means any written contract, agreement, indenture,
instrument, note, bond, loan, lease, easement, mortgage, franchise, license agreement, purchase order, binding bid or offer, binding term sheet or letter of intent or memorandum, commitment, letter of credit or any other legally binding arrangement,
including any amendments or modifications thereof and waivers relating thereto. 

Control means,
where used with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise,
and the terms Controlling and Controlled have correlative meanings. 

Enforceability
Exceptions has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.2. 

General
Partner has the meaning given to such term in the recitals hereto. 

GIP Repurchased
Units have the meanings given to such terms in the recitals hereto. 

Governmental
Authority means any applicable multinational, foreign, federal, state, local or other governmental statutory or administrative authority, regulatory body or commission or any court, tribunal or judicial or arbitral authority that has
any jurisdiction over a matter. 

Group Member has the meaning given to such term in the HESM
Company Agreement. 

HESM Company Agreement means the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Hess Midstream, dated as of December 16, 2019. 

HESM OpCo has the meaning
given to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Hess Midstream has the meaning given to such term in
the preamble hereto. 

HINDLRepurchased Units have the meanings given to such
terms in the recitals hereto. 

Lien means (a) any lien, hypothecation, pledge, collateral
assignment, security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or contract, and whether such obligation or claim is fixed or contingent (including any agreement to give any of the
foregoing) and any option, trust or other preferential arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing, other than in each case, the restrictions under applicable federal, state and other securities laws, the limited liability
company agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable, of either of the Sponsors, as applicable, and (b) any purchase option, right of first refusal, right of first offer, call or similar right of a third party. 

Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Person, any change, circumstance, effect or
condition that, individually or in the aggregate, (a) would have a material adverse effect on the business, properties, management, financial position or results of operations of such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(b) would have a material adverse effect on the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement. 

3 

OpCo Class B Unit
has the meaning given to such term in the HESM Company Agreement. 

OpCo Partnership Agreement
means the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of HESM OpCo, dated as of December 16, 2019. 

Partnership Closing Certificate has the meaning given to such term in
Section 7.1(d). 

Partnership Parties has the meaning given to such
term in the preamble hereto. 

Party and Parties have the meanings
given to such terms in the preamble hereto. 

Permit means all franchises, grants,
authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, certificates of need, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited
liability company, joint stock company, joint venture, association, company, estate, trust, bank trust company, land trust, business trust, or other organization, whether or not a legal entity, custodian, trustee-executor, administrator, nominee or
entity in a representative capacity and any Governmental Authority. 

Proceeding means any
action, suit, claim, hearing, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit, inquiry, litigation or mediation (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any Governmental Authority,
arbitrator or mediator. 

Repurchased Unit and Repurchased Units have
the meanings given to such terms in the recitals hereto. 

Sponsor Closing Certificate has the
meaning given to such term in Section 7.2(d). 

Sponsors has the
meaning given to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Transaction Documents means, collectively,
this Agreement and the Assignments. 

ARTICLE II 

THE TRANSACTIONS 

Section 2.1 Repurchase, Delivery and Cancellation of the Repurchased Units. 

(a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, at the Closing, (i) HINDL shall sell, transfer, assign and deliver
the HINDL Repurchased Units to HESM OpCo, and HESM OpCo shall purchase and acquire all of such HINDL Repurchased Units, and, in consideration therefor, HESM OpCo shall pay to HINDL an amount in cash equal to $37,608,318.67 and (ii) GIP shall
sell, transfer, assign and deliver the GIP Repurchased Units to HESM OpCo, and HESM OpCo shall purchase and acquire all of such GIP Repurchased Units, and, in consideration therefor, HESM OpCo shall pay to GIP an amount in cash equal to
$62,391,636.32, in each case, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account or accounts designated by such Sponsor, 

4 

which shall be designated by such Sponsor in writing and provided to HESM OpCo no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last full Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date.
Following the repurchase of the Repurchased Units hereunder, the Repurchased Units shall be cancelled and shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding. 

(b) The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall
occur as soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver (if permitted hereunder) of all of the conditions set forth in Article VII other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing (but subject to the
fulfillment or waiver of such conditions at the Closing), at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 811 Main Street, Suite 3700, Houston, Texas 77002 (or remotely via the electronic exchange of executed documents), unless another date or
place is mutually agreed upon in writing by the Parties. The date upon which the Closing occurs hereunder is referred to herein as the Closing Date. 

Section 2.2 Sponsor Closing Deliverables. At the Closing, each of the Sponsors shall deliver (or
cause to be delivered): 

(a) a counterpart to an Assignment, duly executed on behalf of such Sponsor, and such
other transfer documents or instruments that may be reasonably necessary to be delivered by such Sponsor in order to effect a sale, transfer, assignment and delivery to HESM OpCo of the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo
in accordance with Section 2.1(a); 

(b) a duly completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9; and 

(c) a Sponsor Closing Certificate, duly executed by an authorized
officer or authorized person of such Sponsor. 

Section 2.3 Deliveries by the Partnership Parties.
At the Closing, with respect to Section 2.3(a), HESM OpCo shall deliver (or cause to be delivered), and with respect to Sections 2.3(b) and (c), the Partnership Parties shall deliver (or cause to be
delivered): 

(a) the aggregate Cash Consideration payable to each Sponsor in accordance with
Section 2.1(a); 

(b) counterparts to the Assignments, duly executed on behalf of HESM
OpCo, and such other transfer documents or instruments that may be reasonably necessary to be delivered by HESM OpCo in order to effect a sale, transfer, assignment and delivery to HESM OpCo of the Repurchased Units in accordance with
Section 2.1(a); and 

(c) the Partnership Closing Certificate, duly executed by an
authorized officer or authorized person of each Partnership Party. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SPONSORS 

Each of the Sponsors, severally and not jointly, and solely with respect to itself, represents and warrants to the Partnership
Parties as of the date hereof as follows: 

5 

Section 3.1 Organization. Such Sponsor is a limited
partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. 

Section 3.2 Authorization. Such Sponsor has full limited partnership or limited liability company, as
applicable, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform each Transaction Document to which it is a party. The execution, delivery and performance by such Sponsor of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by
such Sponsor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary limited partnership or limited liability company action, as the case may be. Each Transaction Document executed or to be executed by such
Sponsor has been, or when executed will be, duly executed and delivered by such Sponsor and, assuming the execution and delivery by the other parties thereto, constitutes, or when executed and delivered by the other parties thereto will constitute,
a valid and legally binding obligation of such Sponsor, enforceable against such Sponsor in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other similar Applicable Laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and (b) equitable principles that may limit the availability of certain equitable remedies (such as specific performance)
in certain instances (the Enforceability Exceptions). 

Section 3.3 No Conflicts
or Violations. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents to which such Sponsor is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not: (a) violate or conflict with
any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Sponsor; (b) violate any Law applicable to such Sponsor; (c) violate, result in a breach of, constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default or cause any obligation,
penalty or premium to arise or accrue under any Contract to which such Sponsor is a party; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of such Sponsor, except, in the case of clauses
(b) through (d), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to materially impede the ability of such Sponsor to consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 3.4 Consents and Approvals. Except (a) as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to materially impede the ability of such Sponsor to consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) for any filings required for compliance with any applicable requirements of the federal securities Laws,
any applicable state or other local securities Laws and any applicable requirements of a national securities exchange, neither the execution and delivery by such Sponsor of any of the Transaction Documents to which such Sponsor is a party, nor the
performance by such Sponsor of its respective obligations thereunder, requires the consent, approval, waiver or authorization of, or declaration, filing, registration or qualification with any Governmental Authority by such Sponsor. 

Section 3.5 Ownership of OpCo Class B Units. As of the date hereof,
such Sponsor is, and prior to giving effect to the sale and transfer of the Repurchased Units on the Closing Date, such Sponsor shall be, the record and beneficial owner of the OpCo Class B Units listed opposite such Sponsors name in
Exhibit B hereto. At the Closing, such Sponsor shall deliver the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo, free and clear of all Liens. None of the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo is
subject to any 

6 

voting trust or other contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding, written or oral, restricting or otherwise relating to the voting or disposition of such Repurchased Units,
other than this Agreement and the organizational documents of HESM OpCo. No proxies or powers of attorney have been granted with respect to the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo. Except as contemplated by this Agreement,
there are no outstanding warrants, options, agreements, convertible or exchangeable securities or other commitments pursuant to which such Sponsor is or may become obligated to transfer any of the Repurchased Units, except as (a) would not
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of such Sponsor to deliver the applicable Repurchased Units to HESM OpCo as contemplated hereby and (b) would not apply to the Repurchased Units following the delivery of the Repurchased Units to
HESM OpCo pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 3.6 Litigation. There is no Proceeding pending or,
to the knowledge of such Sponsor, threatened against such Sponsor, or against any officer, manager or director of such Sponsor, in each case related to the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo or the transactions
contemplated hereby. Such Sponsor is not a party or subject to any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or Governmental Authority relating to the Repurchased Units to be delivered by such Sponsor to HESM OpCo or the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

Section 3.7 Conflicts Committee Matters. To the knowledge of such Sponsor,
the projections and budgets provided in writing to the Conflicts Committee (including those provided to any financial advisor to the Conflicts Committee) as part of the Conflicts Committees review of the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby have a reasonable basis and are materially consistent with the General Partners current expectations. 

Section 3.8 Brokers and Finders. No investment banker, broker, finder, financial advisor or other
intermediary is entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors or other similar based fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of being engaged by such Sponsor or any of its
respective Affiliates. 

Section 3.9 Acknowledgments. Such Sponsor acknowledges that it has not
relied on any advice or recommendation by the Partnership Parties or their respective partners, directors, officers, agents or Affiliates with respect to its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. Such Sponsor has had sufficient opportunity and time to investigate and review the business, management and financial affairs of the Partnership Parties before its decision to enter into this Agreement, and further has had the opportunity to
consult with all advisers it deems appropriate or necessary to consult with in connection with this Agreement and any action arising hereunder, including tax and accounting advisers. Such Sponsor acknowledges that, in connection with its entry into
this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, it has not relied on any express or implied representations or warranties of any nature, oral or written, made by or on behalf of any of the Partnership Parties or any of their
respective partners, directors, officers, Affiliates or representatives, except for the representations and warranties of the Partnership Parties set forth in Article IV and the documents delivered by HESM OpCo in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby. 

7 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTNERSHIP PARTIES 

Each of the Partnership Parties, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to the Sponsors as of the date hereof as
follows: 

Section 4.1 Organization. Each of the Partnership Parties is a limited partnership duly
formed and validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. 

Section 4.2 Authorization. Each of the Partnership Parties has full limited partnership power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform each Transaction Document to which it is a party. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the Partnership Parties of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by such
Partnership Party of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary limited partnership action. Each Transaction Document executed or to be executed by a Partnership Party has been, or when executed will be, duly
executed and delivered by such Partnership Party and, assuming the execution and delivery by the other parties thereto, constitutes, or when executed and delivered by the other parties thereto will constitute, a valid and legally binding obligation
of such Partnership Party, enforceable against such Partnership Party in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions. 

Section 4.3 No Conflicts or Violations. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the
Transaction Documents to which a Partnership Party is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, do not: (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Partnership Party;
(b) violate any Law applicable to such Partnership Party; (c) violate, result in a breach of, constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default or cause any obligation, penalty or premium to arise or accrue under any Contract
to which any Partnership Party is a party; (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of the Partnership Parties or any of their respective subsidiaries; or (e) result in
the cancellation, modification, revocation or suspension of any Permit of any Partnership Party or any of their respective subsidiaries, except in the case of clauses (b) through (e), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Partnership Parties and their subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Section 4.4 Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents, all liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of HESM OpCo (other than liabilities to partners of HESM OpCo on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to
specified property of HESM OpCo), will not exceed the fair value of the assets of HESM OpCo (except that the fair value of property that is subject to a liability for which the recourse of creditors is limited is included in the assets of HESM OpCo
only to the extent that the fair value of the property exceeds that liability). The transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents will not impair HESM OpCos ability to continue as a going concern. 

Section 4.5 Consents and Approvals. Except (a) as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to materially impede the ability of the Partnership Parties to consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) for any filings required for 

8 

compliance with any applicable requirements of the federal securities Laws, any applicable state or other local securities Laws and any applicable requirements of a national securities exchange,
neither the execution and delivery by any Partnership Party of any of the Transaction Documents to which such Partnership Party is a party, nor the performance by such Partnership Party of its respective obligations thereunder, requires the consent,
approval, waiver or authorization of, or declaration, filing, registration or qualification with any Governmental Authority by any Partnership Party or any of their respective subsidiaries. 

Section 4.6 Litigation. There is no Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Partnership
Parties, threatened against any Partnership Party or any of their respective officers, managers, partners or directors, in each case related to the Repurchased Units or the transactions contemplated hereby. No Partnership Party is a party or subject
to any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or Governmental Authority relating to the Repurchased Units or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 4.7 No Adverse Changes. Since September 30, 2024, there has not been any Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Partnership Parties, taken as a whole. 

Section 4.8 Brokers and
Finders. Except for Intrepid Partners, LLC, no investment banker, broker, finder, financial advisor or other intermediary is entitled to any brokers, finders, financial advisors or other similar based fee or commission in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of being engaged by any Partnership Party or any of its respective Affiliates. 

Section 4.9 Financial Ability. At the Closing, HESM OpCo will have, through a combination of cash on
hand and funds available under existing credit facilities, funds sufficient to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 4.10 Acknowledgments. Each of the Partnership Parties acknowledges that it has not relied on
any advice or recommendation by the Sponsors or their respective partners, directors, officers, agents or Affiliates with respect to such Partnership Partys decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The Partnership Parties have had the opportunity to consult with all advisers they deem appropriate or necessary to consult with in connection with this Agreement and any action arising hereunder, including tax and accounting advisers. Each
of the Partnership Parties acknowledges that, in connection with its entry into this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, it has not relied on any express or implied representations or warranties of any nature, oral or
written, made by or on behalf of any of the Sponsors or any of their respective partners, directors, officers, Affiliates or representatives, except for the representations and warranties of the Sponsors set forth in Article III and the
documents delivered by the Sponsors in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 

9 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.1 Further Assurances. On and after the Closing Date, the Parties shall use their
respective commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all appropriate actions and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or appropriate to make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, including the execution of any
additional assignment or similar documents or instruments of transfer of any kind, the obtaining of consents that may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to carry out any of the provisions hereof and the taking of all such other actions as such
Party may reasonably request to be taken by the other Party from to time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in order to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 5.2 [Reserved]

Section 5.3 Cancellation of Class B Shares. The Parties acknowledge
and agree that, followingthe purchase of the Repurchased Units by HESM OpCo, at the Closing, Hess Midstream shall cancel, for no consideration, an aggregate number of Class B Shares held by the General Partner, HINDL and/or GIP equal to
the aggregate number of Repurchased Units repurchased by HESM OpCo hereunder in accordance with Section 5.5(e) of the HESM Company Agreement. 

Section 5.4 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Closing, the Parties shall take all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to the extent permitted by
Applicable Law. 

Section 5.5 Conflicts Committee. Prior to the earlier of the
Closing and the termination of this Agreement, the HESM Board shall not, and the Sponsors shall not cause the HESM Board to, without the consent of a majority of the then-existing members of the Conflicts Committee, eliminate the Conflicts
Committee, revoke or diminish the authority of the Conflicts Committee or remove or cause the removal of any director of the HESM Board that is a member of the Conflicts Committee, either as a director or as a member of such committee. For the
avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.5 shall not apply to the filling, in accordance with the provisions of the governing documents of GP LLC, of any vacancies caused by the resignation, death or incapacity of any such
director or the removal of any such director for Cause. 

Section 5.6 Fairness Opinion. The
Conflicts Committee has received the opinion of Intrepid Partners, LLC to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth therein, the total Cash
Consideration to be paid by HESM OpCo to the Sponsors at the Closing is fair, from a financial point of view, to Hess Midstream. 

ARTICLE VI 

SURVIVAL

All representations and warranties of the Parties contained in this Agreement shall terminate as of the Closing Date.
All covenants and agreements of the Parties contemplated to be performed prior to the Closing shall terminate as of the Closing Date. All covenants and 

10 

agreements of the Parties contemplated to be performed following the Closing shall survive the Closing until performed in accordance with their respective terms. 

ARTICLE VII 

CLOSING
CONDITIONS 

Section 7.1 Conditions to the Sponsors Obligation to Effect the Closing.
The obligations of the Sponsors to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment (or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, written waiver by the Sponsors) on or prior to the Closing of the following
conditions: 

(a) Bring Down of Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties
of the Partnership Parties in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.7 and 4.9 shall be true and correct (without regard to qualifications as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect contained therein,
except in the case of the representation and warranty contained in Section 4.7) in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date,
in which case as of such earlier date), and (ii) the other representations and warranties of the Partnership Parties made in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects (without regard to qualifications as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect contained therein) as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date) except, in the case of clause (ii), where the
failure of the representations and warranties to be true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, has not had a Material Adverse Effect on the Partnership Parties, taken as a whole. 

(b) Performance of Covenants. The Partnership Parties shall have performed and complied with, in all material
respects, all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Partnership Parties prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) No Injunctions or Restraints. No Law, order issued by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction
or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, declaring unlawful the transactions contemplated hereby or causing the transactions contemplated hereby to be rescinded shall be in
effect. 

(d) Closing Certificate. Prior to or at the Closing, the Partnership Parties shall have delivered a
certificate signed by an authorized officer or other authorized person of each Partnership Party, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions specified in Section 7.1(a) and
Section 7.1(b) are satisfied (the Partnership Closing Certificate). 

(e) Closing Deliveries. The Sponsors shall have received the applicable closing deliverables as set forth in
Section 2.3. 

Section 7.2 Conditions to the Partnership Parties
Obligation to Effect the Closing. The obligations of the Partnership Parties to effect the transactions contemplated by this 

11 

Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment (or, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, written waiver by the Partnership Parties) on or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:

(a) Bring Down of Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties of the
Sponsors in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 3.9 shall be true and correct (without regard to qualifications as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect contained therein) in all material respects as of
the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), and (ii) the other representations and warranties of the Sponsors made in this Agreement
shall be true and correct in all respects (without regard to qualifications as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect contained therein) as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an
earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date) except, in the case of clause (ii), where the failure of the representations and warranties to be true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, have not materially impeded or would not
reasonably be expected to materially impede the ability of the Sponsors to consummate to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) Performance of Covenants. The Sponsors shall have performed and complied with, in all material respects, all
covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Sponsors prior to Closing. 

(c) No
Injunctions or Restraints. No Law, order issued by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, declaring unlawful the
transactions contemplated hereby or causing the transactions contemplated hereby to be rescinded shall be in effect. 

(d) Closing Certificate. Prior to or at the Closing, each of the Sponsors shall have delivered a certificate of
an authorized officer or other authorized person of such Sponsor, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions specified in Section 7.2(a) and Section 7.2(b) are satisfied (each,
a Sponsor Closing Certificate). 

(e) Closing Deliveries. The Partnership Parties
shall have received the applicable closing deliverables as set forth in Section 2.2. 

ARTICLE VIII 

TERMINATION 

Section 8.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date (it
being understood that any termination by the Partnership Parties pursuant to this Article VIII shall not require the approval of the Conflicts Committee): 

(a) by mutual written agreement of the Partnership Parties and the Sponsors; 

(b) by either the Partnership Parties, on the one hand, or the Sponsors, on the other hand, if any injunction or other
order, decree, decision, determination or judgment permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the transactions hereunder shall become final and non-appealable or any Law that
permanently makes 

12 

consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibited shall be in effect; 

(c) by the Partnership Parties if there has been a breach of, or failure to perform, any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Sponsors in this Agreement, such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.2(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or failure to perform is
not curable or, if curable, is not cured by the earlier of (i) the Termination Date (as defined below) and (ii) 45 days following receipt by the Sponsors of notice of such breach or failure from the Partnership Parties; provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(c) shall not be available if either of the Partnership Parties is itself in breach of any provision of this Agreement or has failed to
perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, and which breach or failure to perform would result in the failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(a) or
Section 7.1(b); 

(d) by the Sponsors if there has been a breach of, or failure to
perform, any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Partnership Parties in this Agreement, such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) would not be
satisfied and such breach or failure to perform is not curable or, if curable, is not cured by the earlier of (i) the Termination Date and (ii) 45 days following receipt by the Partnership Parties of notice of such breach or failure from the
Sponsors; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(d) shall not be available if any of the Sponsors is itself in breach of any provision of this Agreement or has
failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, and which breach or failure to perform would result in the failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a)
or Section 7.2(b); or 

(e) by either the Partnership Parties, on the one hand, or the
Sponsors, on the other hand, if the Closing shall not have occurred prior to January 27, 2025 (the Termination Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 8.1(e) shall not be available if the failure of the Party so requesting termination to perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement shall have been the primary cause of the failure of the Closing to occur
on or prior to such date. 

Section 8.2 Effect of Termination. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated, this Agreement shall become null and void and no Party or any Partys Affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers or employees, shall have any further obligation or any liability of any kind to any Person by reason of this
Agreement except that no Party shall be relieved of any liability in respect of its breach of this Agreement that occurs prior to such termination. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.1 Headings; References; Interpretation. All Article and Section headings in this Agreement
are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in
this Agreement, shall refer to this 

13 

Agreement as a whole, and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All references herein to Articles and Sections shall, unless the context requires a different construction, be deemed
to be references to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement. All personal pronouns used in this Agreement, whether used in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, shall include all other genders, and the singular shall include the plural and
vice versa. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or
to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to or other words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but
rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. 

Section 9.2 No Third-Party Rights. The provisions of this Agreement are intended to bind the Parties
as to each other and are not intended to, and do not, create rights in any other Person or confer upon any other Person any benefits, rights or remedies, and no Person is or is intended to be a third-party beneficiary of any of the provisions of
this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties agree that their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the Parties and are for the sole
benefit of the Parties, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement, and no other Person has the right to rely upon the representations and warranties, or the right to enforce any covenants, set forth herein. Any inaccuracies in
such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the Parties in accordance with Section 9.6 without notice or liability to any other Person. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this
Agreement may represent an allocation among the Parties of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the Parties. Consequently, Persons other than the Parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties
in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date. 

Section 9.3 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties. 

Section 9.4 Notices. All notices and demands provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, electronic mail, air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery or personal delivery to the following addresses: 

If to either of the Partnership Parties: 

c/o Hess Midstream GP LLC 

1501 McKinney Street 

Houston, Texas 77010 

Attention: Jonathan Stein 

14 

If to HINDL: 

Hess Investments North Dakota LLC 

c/o Hess Corporation 

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 40th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Timothy Goodell 

If to GIP: 

GIP II Blue Holding, L.P. 

c/o Global Infrastructure Management, LLC 

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 30th Floor 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Will Brilliant 

Section 9.5 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in
such manner as to be valid and effective under Applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of
competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith with a view to substitute for such provision a suitable and equitable solution in
order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 

Section 9.6 Amendment or Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or
modified from time to time only by the written agreement of all the Parties. Each such instrument shall be reduced to writing and shall be designated on its face as an amendment to this Agreement. Any extension or waiver of the obligations herein of
any Party shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing referring to this section and executed by the Party to be bound thereby. Any waiver of any term or condition shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or a
subsequent waiver of the same term or condition, or a waiver of any other term or condition, of this Agreement. The failure of any Party to assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any of such rights. 

Section 9.7 Integration. This Agreement, each of the other Transaction Documents and each of the
other instruments referenced herein and therein and in the exhibits attached hereto supersede all previous understandings or agreements among the Parties, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, each of the
other Transaction Documents and such other instruments. This Agreement, each of the other Transaction Documents and each of the other instruments referenced herein or therein contain the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no unwritten oral agreements between the Parties. No understanding, representation, promise or agreement, whether oral or written, is intended to be or shall be included in or form part of this Agreement
unless it is contained in a written amendment hereto executed by the Parties after the date of this Agreement. 

15 

Section 9.8 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with and governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. EACH OF THE PARTIES AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT INVOLVES AT LEAST $100,000.00 AND THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN
ENTERED INTO IN EXPRESS RELIANCE UPON 6 Del. C. 2708. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES (a) TO BE SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AND OF THE FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE STATE
OF DELAWARE, AND (b) TO THE EXTENT SUCH PARTY IS NOT OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, TO APPOINT AND MAINTAIN AN AGENT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS SUCH PARTYS AGENT FOR ACCEPTANCE OF LEGAL PROCESS AND TO
NOTIFY THE OTHER PARTIES OF THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF SUCH AGENT. 

Section 9.9 Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that there would be no adequate remedy at Law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed prior to termination of this Agreement in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
of this Agreement in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware without bond or other security being required, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

Section 9.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall be deemed one agreement. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or electronically, including by PDF transmission, shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of this Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the Parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronically, including by PDF transmission, shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The
words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures
transmitted by facsimile, electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif and jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic
signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a
manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, and any other Applicable Law. 

Section 9.11 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by
the Parties. 

[Signature page follows] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has duly executed this Agreement as
of the date first written above. 

HESS MIDSTREAM OPERATIONS LP 

By: Hess Midstream LP, as delegate of authority of 

Hess Midstream Partners GP LP, the general partner 

of Hess Midstream Operations LP 

By: Hess Midstream GP LP, its general partner 

By Hess Midstream GP LLC, its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Jonathan C. Stein

Name: 

Jonathan C. Stein

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

HESS MIDSTREAM LP 

By: Hess Midstream GP LP, its general partner 

By Hess Midstream GP LLC, its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Jonathan C. Stein

Name: 

Jonathan C. Stein

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Unit Repurchase Agreement] 

HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LLC 

By: 

/s/ John P. Reilly

Name: 

John P. Reilly

Title: 

Vice President

[Signature Page to Unit Repurchase Agreement] 

GIP II BLUE HOLDING, L.P. 

By: GIP Blue Holding GP, LLC, its general partner 

By: 

/s/ William Brilliant

Name: 

William Brilliant

Title: 

Manager

[Signature Page to Unit Repurchase Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Assignment of Class B Units 

[See attached] 

ASSIGNMENT OF CLASS B UNITS 

[HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LLC][GIP II BLUE
HOLDING, L.P.] 

THIS ASSIGNMENT OF CLASS B UNITS (this Agreement) is made
effective as of January [ ], 2025 (the Effective Time), by and between Hess Midstream Operations LP, a Delaware limited partnership (HESM OpCo),
and [Hess Investments North Dakota LLC, a Delaware limited liability company][GIP II Blue Holding, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership] (Assignor). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, Assignor is the record and beneficial owner of [ ] Class B
Units representing limited partner interests in HESM OpCo (the Class B Units); 

WHEREAS, HESM OpCo and Assignor have entered into that certain Unit Repurchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among HESM OpCo, Hess Midstream LP, a Delaware limited partnership, Assignor and [GIP II Blue Holding, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership][Hess Investments North Dakota LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company], pursuant to which, among other things, (a) HESM OpCo shall purchase from Assignor [ ] Class B Units (the Subject Units) and
(b) Assignor shall sell, transfer, assign and deliver all of its right, title and interest in and to the Subject Units to HESM OpCo; 

WHEREAS, Assignor desires to assign all of its right, title and interest in and to the Subject Units to HESM OpCo, and HESM
OpCo desires to accept Assignors assignment of the Subject Units (the Assignment); 

WHEREAS, immediately following HESM OpCos purchase of the Subject Units, HESM OpCo shall cancel the Subject Units, and
the Subject Units shall cease to be outstanding; and 

WHEREAS, in order to effectuate the Assignment, HESM OpCo and
Assignor are executing and delivering this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Assignment. Effective as of the Effective Time, Assignor hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers
and delivers to HESM OpCo all of Assignors right, title and interest in and to the Subject Units, together with all rights and obligations existing or arising with respect to the Subject Units, whether arising or attributable to periods prior
to or after the Effective Time, as set forth in the OpCo Partnership Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended. 

2. Acceptance, Assumption and Acknowledgment. Effective as of the Effective Time, HESM OpCo hereby
accepts Assignors assignment of the Subject Units pursuant to Section 1. 

3. Effect of Assignment. Effective as of the
Effective Time, (a) Assignor shall cease to have any right, title or interest in or to the Subject Units and shall have no further rights or obligations with respect to the Subject Units under the OpCo Partnership Agreement or otherwise, and
(b) each of the Subject Units shall be cancelled and shall cease to be outstanding. 

4. Choice
of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of that state. 

5. Further Assurances. Each of Assignor and HESM OpCo agrees to take such further action as may be
necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

6. General. This Agreement
is binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the signatories hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement is expressly subject to the terms, provisions and limitations of the Purchase Agreement and, in the event of any
conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall control. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all
of which, when taken together, shall be deemed one agreement. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or electronically including by PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronically including by PDF transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other
electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif and jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records
(including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a
paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the New York State Electronic
Signatures and Records Act, and any other applicable law. Each provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable and if for any reason any provision or provisions herein are determined to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal under any
existing or future law, such invalidity, unenforceability or illegality shall not impair the operation of or affect those portions of this Agreement which are valid, enforceable and legal. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the Effective Time. 

HESS MIDSTREAM OPERATIONS LP

By: Hess Midstream LP, as delegate of authority of Hess Midstream Partners GP, LP, the general partner of Hess Midstream
Operations LP

By: Hess Midstream GP LP, its general partner

By: Hess Midstream GP LLC, its general partner

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Assigment of Class B Units] 

[HESS INVESTMENTS NORTH DAKOTA LLC][GIP II BLUE HOLDING, L.P.]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Assigment of Class B Units] 

EXHIBIT B 

Beneficial Ownership 

Sponsor OpCo Class B Units

HINDL 81,985,687

GIP 31,941,539
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d835284dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

News Release 

Investor Contact:

Media Contact: 

Jennifer Gordon

(212) 536-8244

Lorrie Hecker

(212) 536-8250

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

HESS MIDSTREAM LP ANNOUNCES
SIGNING OF ACCRETIVE $100 MILLION SPONSOR UNIT REPURCHASE 

HOUSTON, January 14, 2025 Hess Midstream LP (NYSE: HESM) (Hess Midstream),
today announced the execution of a definitive agreement providing for the repurchase of approximately $100 million of Class B units by its subsidiary, Hess Midstream Operations LP, from affiliates of Hess Corporation and Global
Infrastructure Partners, a part of BlackRock, Hess Midstreams sponsors (the Sponsors). The terms of the proposed unit repurchase transaction were unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of Hess Midstreams general
partner, based on the unanimous approval and recommendation of its conflicts committee composed solely of independent directors. 

We continue to execute unit
repurchase transactions as part of our unique financial strategy, which highlights our differentiated ability to deliver significant shareholder returns while also maintaining balance sheet strength, said Jonathan Stein, Chief Financial
Officer of Hess Midstream. Since the beginning of 2021 through this current transaction, we will have returned $1.95 billion to shareholders through ongoing unit repurchases from our Sponsors. Following this unit repurchase, which is
expected to provide immediate accretion to our shareholders, we expect to continue to have more than $1.25 billion of financial flexibility through 2026 that can be used to support potential incremental unit repurchases. 

Pursuant to the terms of the repurchase agreement, the repurchased units will be cancelled upon the closing of the unit repurchase transaction, which is expected to
result in increased distributable cash flow per Class A share providing capacity for 

incremental distribution growth above Hess Midstreams annual distribution target of at least 5% through 2026, consistent with Hess Midstreams return of capital framework. 

Unit Repurchase Summary 

Hess Midstream Operations LP, Hess Midstreams
consolidated subsidiary, agreed to repurchase 2,572,677 Class B units of Hess Midstream Operations LP, equal to approximately 1.2% of the consolidated company, held by the Sponsors for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$100 million. The purchase price per Class B unit is $38.87, the closing price of the Class A shares on January 13, 2025. After completing the unit repurchase transaction, ownership of Hess Midstream on a consolidated basis will
be approximately 47.9% for the public, 14.3% for Global Infrastructure Partners, a part of BlackRock, and 37.8% for Hess Corporation. The unit repurchase is anticipated to close on January 15, 2025. Hess Midstream expects to fund the unit
repurchase with borrowings under its existing revolving credit facility. 

About Hess Midstream 

Hess Midstream LP is a fee-based, growth-oriented midstream company that owns, operates, develops and acquires a diverse set of
midstream assets to provide services to Hess Corporation and third-party customers. Hess Midstream owns oil, gas and produced water handling assets that are primarily located in the Bakken and Three Forks Shale plays in the Williston Basin area of
North Dakota. More information is available at www.hessmidstream.com. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This press
release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. Words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, forecast, guidance,
could, may, should, would, believe, intend, project, plan, predict, will, target and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements, which are not historical in nature. Our forward-looking statements may include, without limitation: our future financial and operational results, including our ability to increase our distributions or achieve our targeted
distribution growth rate; our business strategy and 

2 

profitability; the expected timing and completion of the Class B unit repurchase from the Sponsors; and our ability to execute future accretive opportunities, including incremental return of
capital to shareholders and potential incremental unit repurchases. 

Forward-looking statements are based on our current understanding, assessments, estimates and
projections of relevant factors and reasonable assumptions about the future. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical
experience and our current projections or expectations of future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The following important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking
statements: the ability of Hess Corporation (Hess) and other parties to satisfy their obligations to us, including Hess ability to meet its drilling and development plans on a timely basis or at all, its ability to deliver its
nominated volumes to us, and the operation of joint ventures that we may not control; our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to pay current and expected levels of distributions; reductions in the volumes of crude oil, natural gas, natural gas
liquids (NGLs) and produced water we gather, process, terminal or store; the actual volumes we gather, process, terminal and store for Hess in excess of our minimum volume commitments and relative to Hess nominations; fluctuations
in the prices and demand for crude oil, natural gas and NGLs; changes in global economic conditions and the effects of a global economic downturn or inflation on our business and the business of our suppliers, customers, business partners and
lenders; our ability to comply with government regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance, including our ability to obtain or maintain permits necessary for capital projects in a timely manner, if at all, or the
revocation or modification of existing permits; our ability to successfully identify, evaluate and timely execute our capital projects, investment opportunities and growth strategies, whether through organic growth or acquisitions; our ability to
satisfy the closing conditions of the Class B unit repurchase; costs or liabilities associated with federal, state and local laws, regulations and governmental actions applicable to our business, including legislation and regulatory initiatives
relating to environmental protection and health and safety, such as spills, releases, pipeline integrity and measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions and climate change; our ability 

3 

to comply with the terms of our credit facility, indebtedness and other financing arrangements, which, if accelerated, we may not be able to repay; reduced demand for our midstream services,
including the impact of weather or the availability of the competing third-party midstream gathering, processing and transportation operations; potential disruption or interruption of our business due to catastrophic events, such as accidents,
severe weather events, labor disputes, information technology failures, constraints or disruptions and cyber-attacks; any limitations on our ability to access debt or capital markets on terms that we deem acceptable, including as a result of
weakness in the oil and gas industry or negative outcomes within commodity and financial markets; liability resulting from litigation; risks and uncertainties associated with Hess proposed merger with Chevron Corporation; and other factors
described in Item 1ARisk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and any additional risks described in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

As and when made, we believe that our forward-looking statements are reasonable. However, given these risks and uncertainties, caution should be taken not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements since such statements speak only as of the date when made and there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will occur and actual results may differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statement we make. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contacts 

Investor Contact: 

Jennifer Gordon 

(212)
536-8244

Media Contact: 

Lorrie Hecker 

(212)
536-8250

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hesm-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hesm-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hesm-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g835284snap1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001789832

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Hess Midstream LP

Entity File Number 001-39163

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-3211812

Entity Address, Address Line One 1501 McKinney Street

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77010

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 496-4200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A shares representing limited partner interests

Trading Symbol HESM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.hessmidstream.com//20250113/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d835284d8k.htm 
hesm-20250113.xsd 
hesm-20250113_lab.xml 
hesm-20250113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-007128-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d835284d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001789832 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

DE 
false 
0001789832 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
Hess Midstream LP 
001-39163 
84-3211812 
1501 McKinney Street 
Houston 
TX 
77010 
(713) 
496-4200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A shares representing limited partner interests 
HESM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>