<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007049.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007049.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129091435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001390478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33958
		FILM NUMBER:		25566976

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 TIMES SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2503
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6462005278

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 TIMES SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2503
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Galena Biopharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110922
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000139047800013904782025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 28, 2025

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-33958 20-8099512

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission 

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

7 Times Square, Suite 2503

New York, NY10036 

(Address of Principal Executive 

Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (646) 200-5278

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share SLS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material
Definitive Agreement

On January 28, 2025, SELLAS Life Sciences
Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with a single healthcare-focused institutional investor (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and
sell, in a registered direct offering by the Company directly to the Investor (the Offering), (i) an aggregate of 8,200,000
shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) and (ii)
an aggregate of 11,485,040 pre-funded warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants), together
with common warrants (Common Warrants) to purchase up to 19,685,040 shares of Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock
and accompanying Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of $1.27, and each Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying
Common Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of $1.2699. The Common Warrants have an exercise price of $1.20 per share,
are immediately exercisable and will expire five years from the initial exercise date. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from
the Offering were approximately $25.0 million before deducting the placement agents fees and related offering expenses.

The Pre-Funded Warrants were sold, in
lieu of shares of Common Stock, to the Investor so that the purchase of shares of Common Stock in the Offering by the Investor would
not otherwise result in the Investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 9.99% of
the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Offering. Each Pre-Funded Warrant represents
the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable immediately
and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full.

The Investor (together with its affiliates)
may not exercise any portion of the Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants to the extent that the Investor would own more than 4.99%
(or, at the Investors option upon issuance, 9.99%) of the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately after exercise.
However, upon at least 61 days prior notice from the Investor to the Company, the Investor may increase the amount of ownership
of outstanding Common Stock after exercising the Investors Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants up to 9.99% of the number of
the Companys Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrant or Common Warrant.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Investor and customary indemnification rights and obligations of
the parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on the issuance and sale
of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) during the 105-day period following the closing
of the Offering.

The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and
the Common Warrants were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278334), which was filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on March 28, 2024 and was declared effective by the Commission
on May 1, 2024.

On January 28, 2025, the Company entered
into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement) with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P.)
and Maxim Group LLC (Maxim, and together with A.G.P., the Placement Agents) pursuant to which the Company
engaged A.G.P. and Maxim as the exclusive placement agents in connection with the Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agents
a fee in cash equal to 7.25% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants to the Investor.
The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agents for out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees of legal counsel
not to exceed $40,000. The Placement Agent Agreement also contains representations, warranties, indemnification and other provisions
customary for transactions of this nature.

The Offering is expected to close on
January 29, 2025.

The foregoing summaries of the Placement
Agent Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants do not purport to be complete and are subject
to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents attached as Exhibits 1.1, 10.1, 4.1, and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report
on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does
not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

A copy of the opinion of Mintz, Levin,
Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto

Item 8.01. Other Events

On January 28, 2025, the Company issued
a press release (the Pricing Press Release) announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the Pricing Press Release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Placement Agent Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, by and among SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners
and Maxim Group LLC.

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

4.2 Form of Common Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, by and among SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc. and the purchasers party thereto.

23.1 Consent of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Pricing Press Release, dated January 28, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SELLAS Life
Sciences Group, Inc.

Date: January 29, 2025 By: /s/
John T. Burns

Name: John T. Burns

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

and

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

January 28, 2025

SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc. 

7 Times Square, Suite 2503

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Angelos M. Stergiou, M.D., ScD h.c., President and Chief Executive Officer

Re:Placement
Agency Agreement

Dear Dr. Stergiou:

Subject to the terms and conditions
of this letter agreement (the Agreement) between A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Lead Placement Agent)
and Maxim Group LLC (the Co-Placement Agent and together with the Lead Placement Agent, the Placement Agents)
and SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the parties hereby agree that the Placement
Agents shall serve as the exclusive placement agents for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection
with the proposed placement (the Placement) of securities of the Company, consisting of: (i) shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants), and (iii) warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Common Warrants and collectively with the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants). The Common Stock and Warrants actually placed by the Placement Agents are
referred to herein as the Placement Agent Securities. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and
the Purchasers (as defined below) in connection with the Placement, including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the
PurchaseAgreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. 
The terms of the Placement shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers listed in the Purchase Agreement (each, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers), and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agents would have the power
or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser, or an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Agent Securities or complete
the Placement. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable
best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agents to purchase
the Placement Agent Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Placement Agent Securities or any portion thereof or
the success of the Placement Agents with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agents
may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on their behalf in connection with the Placement; provided,
however, that the Company shall first approve any such sub-agents. Certain affiliates of the Placement Agents may participate in
the Placement by purchasing some of the Placement Agent Securities. The sale of Placement Agent Securities to any Purchaser will
be evidenced by the Purchase Agreement between the Company and such Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the
Purchaser. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. 
Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company will be available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations of the Company. With respect to the Placement Agent Securities, each of the
representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers
in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement, is hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though
fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement
Agents. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that there are no affiliations with any Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA) member firm participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors or, to
the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

B. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees that except for an Exempt Issuance
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) from the date hereof until one hundred and five (105) days after the Closing Date, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the
Prospectus Supplement, a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any equity incentive plan, the Resale Registration Statement
and a universal shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3.

SECTION
2.REPRESENTATIONS
OF THE PLACEMENT AGENTS. A.G.P./ Alliance Global Partners and Maxim Group LLC each represent
and warrant that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United
States of America, applicable to the offers and sales of the Placement Agent Securities by the Placement Agents, (iv) is and will be
a corporate body validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and
perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agents will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change
in their status with respect to subsections (i) through (v) above. Each of the Placement Agents covenants that it will use its
reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of
applicable law.

SECTION
3.COMPENSATION.In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement
Agents and/or its designees total cash fee equal to seven and one quarter percent (7.25%) of gross proceeds from the Placement of the
total amount of Placement Agent Securities sold, 67.5% of which shall be paid to the Lead Placement Agent and 32.5% of which shall be
paid to the Co-Placement Agent. The Placement Agents reserve the right to reduce any item of compensation, including the reimbursement
of expenses described in Section 4 below, or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be
made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof
require adjustment. 

SECTION 4.EXPENSES. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the
performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation:
(i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Placement Agent Securities (including all printing and engraving
costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the transfer agent; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with
the issuance and sale of the Placement Agent Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent
public or certified public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing,
filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates
of experts) and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification
or registration of) all or any part of the Placement Agent Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws
or the securities laws of any other country; (vii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Placement Agent Securities on
the Trading Market; and (viii) up to $40,000 for accountable expenses related to legal fees of counsel to the Placement Agents.

SECTION 5. INDEMNIFICATION.

A. To the extent permitted by law, with respect to the Placement Agent Securities, the Company will indemnify
the Placement Agents and their affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities,
as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of their activities hereunder
or pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily from the Placement Agents bad
faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described herein.

B. Promptly after receipt by a Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or
proceeding with respect to which such Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, such Placement Agent will notify the Company
in writing of such claim or of the commencement of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the
Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company
of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by a Placement Agent, the Company will assume the defense
of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Placement Agent and will pay the reasonable fees
and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement Agents will be entitled to employ its own counsel
separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement Agents reasonably determines
that it would be conflict of interest under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both
the Company and the Placement Agents. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate counsel
will be paid by the Company, in addition to reasonable fees of local counsel. The Company will have the right to settle the claim or proceeding
provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agents,
which will not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written
consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld.

C. The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agents promptly of the assertion against it or any other person
of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

D. If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agents or insufficient to hold
the Placement Agents harmless (other than due to the express provisions thereof), then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid
or payable by the Placement Agents as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agents on the other, but also the relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agents on the other that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities,
as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities
referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or
other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall not be
in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agents under this Agreement (excluding any amounts
received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agents).

E. These indemnification provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement is completed and shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability
that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party under this Agreement or otherwise.

SECTION 6.ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of the Closing Date
and February 28, 2025. The date of termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the Termination Date. 
In the event, however, in the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence they deem it necessary to terminate
the engagement, the Placement Agent may do so prior to the Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement
hereunder for any reason prior to the Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect
to the Placement Agent Securities if sold in the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions
concerning the Companys obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein, as well as provisions in Sections 8 and 10 hereof will survive any
expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the Placement, all fees
and expenses due to the Placement Agents as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4 shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agents
on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). The Placement Agents
agree not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agents by the Company for any purposes
other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION
7.PLACEMENT
AGENTS INFORMATION. The
Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agents in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or
otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent.

SECTION 8.NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable
by any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents are not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall
have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or
the retention of the Placement Agents hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9.CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agents, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Agents Securities
hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company
contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and in the Purchase Agreement,
and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement
Agents:

A. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery
and validity of each of this Agreement, the Placement Agent Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Placement Agent Securities shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects
to the Placement Agents.

B. The Placement Agents shall have received from Company Counsel, such counsels written opinion and
negative assurance with respect to the Placement Agent Securities, and from the Companys intellectual property counsel, such counsels
written opinion, addressed to the Placement Agents and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Placement Agents.

C. The Placement Agents shall have received executed Lock-Up Agreements from the Companys executive
officers and directors.

D. Shares of Common Stock sold in the Placement, including shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Warrants, must be registered under the Exchange Act. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common
Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received any information suggesting that
the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

E. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted
or issued by any governmental agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent
Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction,
restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the
Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially
and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

F. The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers of the Placement
Agent Securities and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchasers.

G. FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements
of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agents, make or authorize Placement Agents
counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with
respect to the Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection therewith.

H. The Placement Agents shall have received customary certificates from one or more of the Companys
executive officers, as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, a certificate executed
by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agents and a certificate of
the Companys secretary certifying (i) that the Companys charter documents are true and complete, have not been modified
and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Placement are
in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all obligations of the Placement Agents hereunder
may be cancelled by the Placement Agents at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such cancellation shall be given
to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION 10.GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New
York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 
This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right
to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. 
Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in
New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service
shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to
enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

SECTION 11.ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties
hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement
is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or
any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise
modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both the Placement Agents and the Company. The representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing Date of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Agent
Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

SECTION 12.NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is sent to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day,
(b) the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature
pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third
business day following the date of mailing, if sent by an internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth
on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13.PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agents shall, on and after the Closing Date, have the
right to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing
materials and on their websites and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at their own
expense and in compliance with applicable securities laws.

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agents the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

The foregoing Agreement is
hereby accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above.

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS

By: /s/ Thomas J. Higgins

Name: Thomas J. Higgins

Title: Managing Director

Address for Notice:

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Thomas J. Higgins

Email: [***]

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: /s/ Ritesh M. Veera

Name: Ritesh M. Veera

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking

Address for Notice:

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn:

Email:

Accepted and agreed to as of the date
first written above:

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc. 

By: /s/ Angelos M. Stergiou 

Name: Angelos M. Stergiou 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice: 

7 Times Square, Suite 2503 

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Angelos M. Stergiou 

Email: [***] 

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON
STOCK

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

Warrant Shares: Original Issuance Date: _______, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO
PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), up to _______ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), of the Company (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of
one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated January 28, 2025, between the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect
to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered
at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant
Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, and the Initial Exercise Date shall be
the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below) for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining
unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration
statement registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant
Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary
to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by a change in applicable law, rules or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the
OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of the Warrant Shares, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of
(i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date applicable to such exercise, the Holder may upon written demand to the Company require the Company to pay (and the
Company shall pay) to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such
exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to
$20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days (including no Trading Days if the Settlement
Date is the trade date), on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the Company delivering such Warrant Shares.

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure solely due to any action or
inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an
open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not timely deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant
that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock is provided by the Company, either directly or through one or more public filings, and relied upon by the Holder).
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is provided by the Company,
either directly or through one or more public filings, and relied upon by the Holder). For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split)
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or reclassification.

(b) [RESERVED]

(c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (other than dividends or distributions subject to Section
3(a)) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for
such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to
such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as
its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated
assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or more than 50%of the outstanding voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or more than 50%of the outstanding voting power of the common equity of the Company (each, a Fundamental Transaction), then,
upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the
shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

(f) [RESERVED]

(g) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stock, as the case
may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(h) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while the Warrant is outstanding, (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a cash dividend on, or a redemption of, the shares of Common Stock, (C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company is required in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

Section 5. Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Warrant are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars). All amounts owing under
this Warrant shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted in the U.S. Dollar equivalent
amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount
of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Warrant, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street
Journal (NY edition) on the relevant date of calculation.

(b) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(d) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

(e) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrant upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued,
as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the
Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant, which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment
for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes,
liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and if the Holder does
not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state, federal or foreign securities laws.

(h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

(k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SELLAS LIFE SCIENCES GROUP, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

Warrant Shares: Original Issuance Date: _______, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City Time) on ___________1 (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to _______ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), dated January 28, 2025, between the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares
available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at
any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock of this Warrant shall be $1.20, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

1
Insert the 5 year anniversary of the Original Issuance Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, insert the
immediately following Trading Day.

(c) Cashless
Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration
statement registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by a change in applicable law, rules or regulations.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the
OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c),
subject to the limitations in Section 2(e) hereof.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of the Warrant Shares, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received
within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date applicable to such exercise, the Holder may upon written demand to the Company
require the Company to pay (and the Company shall pay) to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10
per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day
after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to
maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used
herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days (including
no Trading Days if the settlement date is the trade date), on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the Company delivering such Warrant Shares.

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure solely due to any action or inaction by the
Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not timely deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option
of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored
(in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have
been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases
Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock
with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the
Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that
the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of this Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is provided by the Company, either directly or through one or more public filings, and relied
upon by the Holder). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of this Warrant that are not in compliance
with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (other than to the extent that information on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
is provided by the Company, either directly or through one or more public filings, and relied upon by the Holder). For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder
and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or
any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

(b) [RESERVED]

(c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (other than dividends or distributions subject to Section 3(a))
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the consolidated assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or more than 50% of the outstanding voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the outstanding voting power of the common equity of the Company (each, a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common
Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below)
shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of
the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this
Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining
unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental
Transaction is not within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the
Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or
whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in
such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility
obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation
shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the five (5) trading days immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the
public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder,
deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

(f) [RESERVED]

(g) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stock, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(h) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while the Warrant is outstanding, (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a cash dividend on, or a redemption of, the shares of Common Stock, (C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company is required in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

Section 5. Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Warrant are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars). All amounts owing under
this Warrant shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted in the U.S. Dollar equivalent
amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount
of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Warrant, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street
Journal (NY edition) on the relevant date of calculation.

(b) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(d) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

(e) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrant upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued,
as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the
Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant, which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment
for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes,
liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and if the Holder does
not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state, federal or foreign securities laws.

(h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any shares of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

(k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

(n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SELLAS LIFE SCIENCES GROUP, INC.

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant
Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of
Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of
Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 5.1

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

212 935 3000

mintz.com

January 29, 2025

SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc.

7 Times Square, Suite 2503

New York, New York 10036

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as legal counsel
to SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a Prospectus Supplement, dated January 28, 2025 (the Prospectus
Supplement), to a Registration Statement (File No. 333-278334) on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement), filed by
the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Prospectus Supplement
relates to the sale of (i) an aggregate of 8,200,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par
value per share (the Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 11,485,040
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), and (iii) common warrants (the Common Warrants and
together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase up to 19,685,040 shares of Common Stock (the Common
Warrant Shares and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares), pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, between the Company and the purchasers named therein (the Purchase Agreement). The form
of Purchase Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement. This opinion is being rendered in connection with the filing of the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission. All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Registration Statement.

In connection with this opinion,
we have examined the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, each as currently
in effect, the Registration Statement and the exhibits thereto, the Prospectus Supplement and the Purchase Agreement and such other records
of the corporate proceedings of the Company and certificates of the Companys officers as we have deemed relevant.

In our examination, we
have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted
to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies and the
authenticity of the originals of such copies. With respect to our opinion as to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrants, we have assumed that, at the time of issuance and sale, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock are authorized
and available for issuance under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as then in effect and that
the exercise price per share of the Warrants is an amount that is not less than the par value of the Common Stock. We have relied,
without independent verification, on certificates of public officials and, as to matters of fact material to the opinions set forth
below, on certificates of officers of the Company.

MINTZ

January 29, 2025

Page 2 

Our opinion is limited to
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and we express no opinion with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction. No
opinion is expressed herein with respect to the qualification of the Shares under the securities or blue sky laws of any state or any
foreign jurisdiction.

Based upon the foregoing,
we are of the opinion that (i) the Shares, when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) the Warrants, if and when paid for in accordance with the terms of the Registration Statement
and the Purchase Agreement, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors in general and the general principles of equity and (iii)
with respect to Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants when the exercise price is paid in full and the Warrant Shares are
issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Please note that we are opining
only as to the matters expressly set forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters. This opinion is based upon
currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of any change in
any of these sources of law or subsequent legal or factual developments which might affect any matters or opinions set forth herein.

We understand that you wish
to file this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K for incorporation by reference into the Registration
Statement in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act and to
reference the firms name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement, and we hereby consent thereto.
In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris,

Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 28, 2025, between SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its
successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined
below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from
the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any Governmental Authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers
on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount at the Closing and
(ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, at the Closing have been satisfied or waived, but in
no event later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Common Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which Common Warrants shall be immediately exercisable upon their issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years from
the initial exercise date, in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Company Counsel
means Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., with offices located at 919 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022.

Disclosure Time
means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before
midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any
Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

DTC means
the Depository Trust Company.

DVP shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s)

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options or other equity awards to employees, officers, directors or consultants
of the Company pursuant to (i) any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose and in existence as of the date hereof, by
the administrator administering such plan in accordance with its terms, provided that such securities issued to consultants are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing
of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.9(a) herein or (ii) inducement
grants pursuant to a program in existence as of the date hereof, (b) shares of Common Stock or options to consultants for services
rendered to the Company for investor relations services, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the prohibition period and that such issuances shall not exceed $250,000 of restricted securities (including shares issuable
upon the exercise of any options), (c) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued
hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on
the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions or issued in connection with any joint venture, commercial or collaborative relationship, or the acquisition or license by
the Company of the securities, business, property or other assets of another person, in each case approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.9(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of
a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the
business of the Company, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith, and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (e) up to an aggregate of $250,000
of restricted securities (provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.9(a) herein) issued to third party vendors in any three (3) month period as payment for goods or services,
and (f) the Securities sold under this Agreement.

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

FINRA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied.

Governmental Authority
means any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party with jurisdiction over the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or their respective assets.

Hazardous Materials
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual Property
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

IT Systems and Data
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreements
means the Lock-Up Agreements by and among the Company and each director and executive officer of the Company, in substantially the form
of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Per Share Purchase
Price equals $1.27, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other
similar transactions of shares of Common Stock that occur between the date hereof and the Closing Date.

Per Pre-Funded Warrant
Purchase Price shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement Agents
means A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners and Maxim Group LLC.

Placement Agents
Counsel means Sullivan & Worcester LLP with offices located at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019.

Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

3

Pre-Funded Warrants means,
collectively, the warrants delivered to the Purchasers at Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded
Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and shall expire in accordance with the terms thereof, in substantially the form
of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against the Company.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement
means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that will be filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at or prior to the Closing.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration Statement
means the effective registration statement filed with the Commission on March 28, 2024 (File No. 333-278334), and all exhibits
filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registered the sale of the Shares, the Common Warrants,
the Common Warrant Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means, collectively, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares and the Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded
Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

4

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange
(or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreements and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or
agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
(i) the number of Shares set forth under the heading Subscription Amount on the Purchasers signature page hereto,
at the Per Share Purchase Price, and (ii) Common Warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock as calculated pursuant to Section 2.2(a);
provided, however, that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers
Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser
may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the full Subscription Amount being paid by such
Purchaser to the Company upon exercise of such Pre-Funded Warrants. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
9.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser prior to the issuance of any Warrants, such lesser percentage) of the number of shares of
Common Stock, in each case, outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date.

Each Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
settlement with the Company or its designees. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants as determined
pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 at the
Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at such location
as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agents, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e.,
on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer
Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agents identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement
Agents shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Purchasers
to the Placement Agents (or their respective clearing firms), who will transfer such payment by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser
through the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares
to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Person shall,
automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be a Purchaser under
this Agreement unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares
to such Person at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser
prior to the Companys receipt of the Subscription Amount for such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; provided, further, that the
Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether
or not such Purchaser will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any Shares will
be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the
Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be
the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

5

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iii) subject to the third sentence in Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iv) for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the sum of the Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price plus the exercise price per Warrant Share underlying such Pre-Funded Warrants, subject to adjustment therein;

(v) the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act);

(vi) a Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers shares of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable, with an exercise price equal to $1.20 per share, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii) [Reserved]

(viii) a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the date of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement Agents;

(ix) a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the date of Closing, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement Agents;

(x) a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of the date of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement Agents;

(xi) a legal opinion of Company Counsel, including negative assurance, in form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agents and the Purchasers; and

(xii) a legal opinion of the Companys intellectual property counsel, in form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agents and the Purchasers.

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount with respect to the Securities purchased by such Purchaser, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designees.

6

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects; and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred after the date of this Agreement any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

7

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, which SEC Reports shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify
any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosures contained in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary, free and clear of any Liens, except as set forth in the SEC Reports and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing, and, if applicable under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or Governmental Authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other Governmental Authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.3 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to the principal Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares and Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which Registration Statement became effective on May 1, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates prior to this offering as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

9

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee equity awards under the Companys equity incentive plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such materials) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

10

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and strategic acquisitions and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any of its shares and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) that would reasonably be expected to results in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports: (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the Shares or the Warrant Shares; or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any officer or director thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters that would reasonably be expected to results in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other Governmental Authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within one (1) year from the date of this Agreement except for such expirations, terminations or abandonments which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company believes are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r) Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or a Subsidiary and (iii) other employee benefits, including equity awards agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company.

13

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not include any fees and/or commissions owed to the Transfer Agent). Other than for Persons engaged by any Purchaser, if any, the Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not required to register, and is not an Affiliate of a company required to register, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be required to register or be an Affiliate of a company required to register, as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. While any Securities remain outstanding, other than with the consent of the Purchasers, the Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become required to register as an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through The Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to The Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

14

(x) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and believes, to its best knowledge, that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed by the Company in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others to third parties, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

15

(bb) Tax Compliance. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges, fines or penalties that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its financial statements provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material tax liability of which has not been finally determined and all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is as set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(ee) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.11 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the shares of Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

16

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) [RESERVED]

(ii) Equity Incentive Plans. Each equity award granted by the Company under the Companys equity incentive plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No equity award was granted under the Companys equity incentive plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Cybersecurity. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(kk) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ll) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(mm) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

17

(nn) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(oo) Compliance with Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company or its Subsidiaries (Applicable Laws), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) has not received any U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Form 483, written notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations) except for a noncompliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations except for a violation that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (D) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received written notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority is considering such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, written notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, written notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall which had or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear healthcare provider letter, or other written notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

18

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agents nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agents have provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agents nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agents have made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agents and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agents nor any of their respective Affiliates have acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms, which terms include definitive pricing terms, of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

19

(g) No Voting Agreements. The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement or arrangement, whether written or oral, between the Purchaser and any other Purchaser and any of the Companys stockholders as of the date hereof, regulating the management of the Company, the stockholders rights in the Company, the transfer of shares in the Company, including any voting agreements, stockholder agreements or any other similar agreement even if its title is different or has any other relations or agreements with any of the Companys stockholders, directors or officers.

(h) Brokers. Except for the Placement Agents or as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of or under the authority of the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any liabilities in connection with this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(i) Independent Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely
on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, except as set forth in this Agreement, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) the Purchasers no longer own any of the Securities
or Warrant Shares or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof
and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange
Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.2 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act (the Form 8-K). From and after the
issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public
information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents, in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, including, without limitation, the Placement Agents,
on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or
effect. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement
without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser,
with respect to any press release of the Company (other than the press release described in the first sentence of this Section 4.3),
which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing
party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication, or if such disclosure is consistent
with the Form 8-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the
name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent
of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents
with the Commission, and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

20

4.4 Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.3, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on
its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public
information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing
with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser
without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to
the Company, and of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the
basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

4.6 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and general
corporate procedures, including the purchase of any pending or future acquisitions, and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the
satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys
business or repayment of obligations outstanding as of the date of this Agreement consistent with prior practices), (b) for the redemption
of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation
of FCPA or OFAC regulations or similar applicable regulations.

21

4.7 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur
as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity
(including a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the
Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (unless such action is based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants
under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations
by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, except
with respect to direct claims brought by the Company, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its
own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser
Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the
Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is,
in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party, a material conflict on any material issue between the position
of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable and documented
(subject to redactions necessary to preserve privilege or to protect client confidentiality) fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser
Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to
the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any
of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction
Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course
of the investigation or defense as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, however, that if it is subsequently determined
by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that a Purchaser was not entitled to receive such periodic payments,
such Purchaser shall promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.8 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the shares of Common
Stock on the principal Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list
or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary
to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply
in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading
Market. The Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the
Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.9 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until one hundred and five (105) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (A) the Prospectus, or (B) filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.9 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.10 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents) shall be offered
or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the
Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase,
disposition or voting of the shares of Common Stock or otherwise.

22

4.11 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3.
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting
any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.3 and
(iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents after the issuance of the initial press
release as described in Section 4.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment
vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have
no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets,
the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment
decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.12 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.13 Reservations
of Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times,
free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue shares of Common
Stock pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.14 Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the Lock-Up Agreements to the Purchaser within seven
(7) calendar days of the Closing. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements
(or any substantially similar lock-up agreements contemplated thereby which may be executed by one or more transferees), except to extend
the term of the lock-up period, and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement (or any substantially similar lock-up agreement
contemplated thereby which may be executed by one or more transferees) in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement
(or any substantially similar lock-up agreement contemplated thereby which may be executed by one or more transferees) breaches any provision
of a Lock-Up Agreement (or any substantially similar lock-up agreement contemplated thereby which may be executed by one or more transferees),
the Company shall promptly use its reasonable best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such agreements.

23

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by (i) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties or (ii) by the
Company by written notice to the Purchaser, in either case, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading
Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for
any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at
or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction
Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers who purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the sum of (i) the Shares
and (ii) the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares initially issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser), or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought; provided, that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or 50.1% in interest of such Purchasers)
shall also be required (except that, prior to the Closing, the consent of each such disproportionately impacted Purchaser shall also be
required). No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof
except to the extent expressly stated in such waiver, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in
any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects
the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the
prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

24

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agents shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party
shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of
the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute
of limitations.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act, or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile, .pdf
or electronic signature page was an original thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request
of any Purchaser, the Company shall deliver wet ink originals of each Warrant, which shall not contain any electronic signatures.

25

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant,
the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers
right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing
such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Placement Agents Counsel, the legal counsel of the Placement Agents. Placement Agent Counsel does not represent any of the Purchasers
and only represents the Placement Agents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents
for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

26

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY
AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Address for Notice:

7 Times Square, Suite 2503

New York,
NY 10036

Email:

Fax:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Email: 

Fax:

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

28

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: _____________________________________________________________________ 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ______________________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________ 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________ 

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________ 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of Warrant Shares to the Purchaser (if not same
address for notice): 

DWAC for Common Stock: 

Subscription Amount: $_____________________ 

Shares of Common Stock: ___________________ 

Shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants: ________ 

Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 
9.99% 

Warrant Shares underlying the Common Warrants: ________ 

Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 
9.99%

EIN Number: ___________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the
above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the
obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall
be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and
(iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that
required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as
applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as
applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on
the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

SELLAS Life Sciences Group Announces $25 Million
Registered Direct Offering Priced At-the-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

NEW YORK, Jan. 28, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: SLS) (SELLAS or the Company), a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development of novel therapies for a broad range of cancer indications, today announced that it has entered into
a securities purchase agreement with a single healthcare-focused institutional investor for the purchase and sale of 19,685,040 shares
of its common stock (or common stock equivalents in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 19,685,040 shares of
common stock in a registered direct offering (the "Offering") at a combined purchase price of $1.27 per share and accompanying
warrant, priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. The warrants will have an exercise price of $1.20 per share, will be immediately exercisable
upon issuance and will expire 5 years from issuance.

The closing of the Offering is expected to occur
on or about January 29, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The gross proceeds from the Offering are expected
to be approximately $25 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use
the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital purposes and general corporate procedures, including the purchase of any pending
or future acquisitions.

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners is acting as lead placement agent for
the Offering and Maxim Group LLC is acting as co-placement agent for the Offering.

The Offering is being made pursuant to an effective
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278334) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC). A prospectus supplement describing the terms of the proposed Offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available
on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement may be obtained, when available,
from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email
at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or other jurisdiction.

About SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc.

SELLAS is a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development of novel therapeutics for a broad range of cancer indications. SELLAS lead product candidate,
GPS, is licensed from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and targets the WT1 protein, which is present in an array of tumor types.
GPS has the potential as a monotherapy and combination with other therapies to address a broad spectrum of hematologic malignancies and
solid tumor indications. The Company is also developing SLS009 (formerly GFH009) - potentially the first and best-in-class differentiated
small molecule CDK9 inhibitor with reduced toxicity and increased potency compared to other CDK9 inhibitors. Data suggests that SLS009
demonstrated a high response rate in AML patients with unfavorable prognostic factors including ASXL1 mutation, commonly associated with
poor prognosis in various myeloid diseases. For more information on SELLAS, please visit www.sellaslifesciences.com.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements.
All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements, including those relating to future
events. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as plan, expect, anticipate,
may, might, will, should, project, believe, estimate,
predict, potential, intend, or continue and other words or terms of similar meaning.
These statements include, without limitation, statements related to our ability to close the offering and the gross proceeds from the
offering. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions, and inherently
involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in
such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties
set forth under the caption Risk Factors in SELLAS Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2024 and in its
other SEC filings. Other risks and uncertainties of which SELLAS is not currently aware may also affect SELLAS forward-looking
statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements
herein are made only as of the date hereof. SELLAS undertakes no obligation to update or supplement any forward-looking statements to
reflect actual results, new information, future events, changes in its expectations or other circumstances that exist after the date as
of which the forward-looking statements were made.

Investor Contact

Bruce Mackle

Managing Director

LifeSci Advisors, LLC

SELLAS@lifesciadvisors.com

- 2 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sls-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sls-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>sls-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33958

Entity Registrant Name SELLAS
Life Sciences Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001390478

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8099512

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7 Times Square

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2503

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 200-5278

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol SLS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sellaslifesciences.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

sls-20250128.xsd 
sls-20250128_lab.xml 
sls-20250128_pre.xml 
tm254790d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007049-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm254790d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001390478 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001390478 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
SELLAS Life Sciences Group, Inc. 
DE 
001-33958 
20-8099512 
7 Times Square 
Suite 2503 
New York 
NY 
10036 
646 
200-5278 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
SLS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>