<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-004981.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-004981.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416111949
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-004981
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Currenc Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001862935
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41079
		FILM NUMBER:		25841674

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 BROADWAY, SUITE 401
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-519-3948

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 BROADWAY, SUITE 401
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	InFinT Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210518
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186293500018629352025-04-152025-04-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

Currenc
Group, Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41079 98-1602649

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification
No.)

410
North Bridge Road,

SPACES City Hall, Singapore188726

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

+666407-7362

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Ordinary
shares, pay value $0.0001 per share CURR The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Departure
of Interim Chief Financial Officer

On
April 15, 2025, Ronnie Ka Wah Hui ceased to be employed as the interim Chief Financial Officer of Currenc Group, Inc. (the Company).

Appointment
of New Chief Financial Officer

On
April 10, 2025, the Company made an offer of employment to Mr. Wan Lung Eng (Mr. Eng) pursuant to which Mr Eng will serve
as the Companys Chief Financial Officer (the Employment Agreement). Mr. Eng is expected to commence employment with
the Company on or about April 16, 2025 (the Effective Date).

Mr.
Eng, age 48, previously served as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of VitalCheck Wellness, New York, starting from 2022. Prior
to his role at VitalCheck Wellness, Mr. Eng held several financial leadership roles, including as a Chief Financial Officer at Teclison
in 2022 and as Chief Financial Officer at Spectral MD from 2020 to 2021.

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Engs annual salary will be $300,000 with a guaranteed quarterly bonus of $25,000, an annual performance
bonus based on the achievement of key performance indicators established by the Board will be granted, a certain number of stock option
under the Companys equity incentive plan, with the final number of options and strike price to be determined will be granted on
the unconditional date, the date falling 3 months after the Effective Date (Unconditional Date).

In
addition to accrued obligations owed to Mr. Eng upon his termination of employment for any or no reason, the Employment Agreement, following
the Unconditional Date, also provides the following severance benefits (the Severance Benefit) (i) if the employment period
is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined below) or by the Executive with Good Reason (as defined below), then, in addition
to the Final Compensation (as defined below), for a period of three (3) months following the date of termination, executive shall be
entitled to (a) continue to receive executives Base Salary; (b) continue to participate in group medical and dental plans for
Company employees to the extent permitted under applicable law, and the Company shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of executive
and eligible immediate family members participation in the Companys group medical and dental plans as set forth in Section
3(d) in the Employment Agreement, provided that executive is entitled to continue such participation under applicable law and plan terms;
(c) have all unvested equity awards granted to executive become vested; and (d) receive payment for all accrued but unused vacation.
In addition, the Company shall pay executive any bonus compensation otherwise payable pursuant to Section 3(b) for the fiscal year preceding
that in which termination occurs that is unpaid on the date of termination (regardless of whether executive remains continuously employed
per the Employment Agreement through the applicable payment date). Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, compensation
or benefits after termination of the employment period, except as specifically provided for in the Companys employee benefit plans
or as otherwise expressly provided for in the Employment Agreement or as required by applicable law.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Eng and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Eng was appointed as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. There are no family relationships between Mr. Eng and any director or executive officer of the Company, and he
has no interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The
above description of the Employment Agreement is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Employment Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

2

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Engs appointment. The full text of the press release is included
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject
to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statement and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2025, by and between Currenc Group, Inc. and Mr. Wan Lung Eng.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 15, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

CURRENC
GROUP, INC.

Date:
April 16, 2025 By: /s/
Ronnie Ka Wah Hui

Name: Ronnie
Ka Wah Hui

Title: Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April 10, 2025, is entered into by and between Currenc Group
Inc., a Cayman Islands Corporation (the Company) and Wan Lung Eng (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to employ Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
Executive wishes to accept such employment upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable, consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Employment. The Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement for the period beginning on April 16, 2025 (the Effective Date) and ending as provided in Section
5 (the Employment Period).

2.
Position and Duties.

(a)
During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall report to the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board). Unless otherwise decided by the Board, the Chief Financial Officers immediate
reporting line is to the Chairman.

(b)
Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities, functions and authority specified by the Board, including the following
(i) treasury and cash management; (ii) corporate accounting; (iii) tax; (iv) external audit; (v) financial reporting to the Securities
and Exchange Commission; (vi) risk management; (vii) supervising the collection of revenues and payments of expenses; (viii) preparing
reports and statements for management and the shareholders of the Company; (ix) budgeting and strategic planning; (x) investor relations;
(xi) structuring and executing financing and capital-raising activities; (xii) provide oversight and direction to mergers and acquisitions,
divestitures, and other strategic transactions; (xiii) manage compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission regulations and other
relevant laws; (xiv) oversee the negotiation, execution and management of contracts and legal agreements; (xv) oversee the finance, accounting
and administration departments; (xvi) general executive operating supervision over the U.S. operations of the Company; (xvii) lead initiatives
to enhance shareholder value, including guiding the Companys efforts to qualify for inclusion in prominent indices such as the
Russell 2000, Russell 1000, and similar ranking in other notable indices such as S&P and MSCI; (xviii) formulate and implement strategies
to enhance and broaden research coverage for the Company by building strong relationships with equity analysts, investment banks, and
institutional investors to increase visibility and strengthen investor confidence, and (xix) such as tasks as are normally associated
with the position of a Chief Financial Officer in a NASDAQ listed company. During the Employment Period, Executive shall render executive
and managerial services to the Company and its subsidiaries as the Board may from time to time direct.

(c)
Executive shall devote Executives best efforts and Executives full business time and attention (except for permitted vacation
periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacity) to the business and affairs of the Company. Executive shall perform Executives
duties, responsibilities and functions to the Company hereunder to the best of Executives abilities in a diligent, trustworthy,
professional and efficient manner and shall comply with the Companys policies and procedures in all material respects. During
the Employment Period, Executive shall not serve as an officer or director of, or otherwise perform services for compensation for, any
other entity without the prior written consent of the Board; provided, that Executive may serve as an officer or director of or
otherwise participate in solely educational, welfare, social, religious and civic organizations so long as such activities do not interfere
with Executives employment with the Company.

1

(d)
Executive shall perform services for the Company primarily from the Companys office located in New York, New York.

3.
Compensation and Benefits.

(a)
During the Employment Period, Executives annual base salary shall be Three Hundred Thousand U.S. Dollars ($300,000.00) or such
higher rate as the Board may determine from time to time (as adjusted from time to time, the Base Salary), which
salary shall be payable by the Company in regular installments in accordance with the Companys general U.S. payroll practices
in effect from time to time for senior employees of the Company. The Base Salary shall be prorated on an annualized basis based on the
number of business days elapsed in any year during the Employment Period.

(b)
Beginning on the Effective Date, Executive shall be entitled to receive

(i)
A guaranteed bonus each quarter equal to Twenty-Five Thousand U.S. Dollars ($25,000) (the Quarterly Bonus) payable
in cash, without reduction for any other compensation the Executive shall receive from other sources, and shall be paid in arrears in
the last payroll cycle in December, March, June, and September of each year. The first payment (for the period between the Effective
Date and 30 June 2025) shall be paid in the last payroll cycle of June 2025. In the event of the Executives termination, whether
voluntary or involuntary, the Executive shall be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid prorated Quarterly Bonus. This prorated amount
shall be calculated based on the number of business days the Employee was actively employed during the quarter, and included in the Executives
final paycheck, provided that the termination occurs after the end of a quarter but before the Quarterly Bonus has been paid.

(ii)
An annual performance bonus, including, at the Boards discretion, both or either cash or equity awards, based on the achievement
of key performance indicators (KPIs) established by the Board. For the avoidance of doubt, the KPIs shall be determined
by the Board from time to time upon consultation with Executive by reference to the job description set out in Section 2(b) above,
and shall include provisions tying the performance bonus to Executives success in assisting the Company to raise funding from
time to time on terms acceptable to the Board in its sole discretion. The funding may be in the form of equity issues, debt financing
or such other financial instruments as acceptable to the Board at its sole discretion. Any bonus payable to Executive pursuant to this
Section 3(b)(ii) shall be prorated on an annualized basis based on the number of business days elapsed in any year during the
Employment Period. Any bonus shall be payable promptly following completion of the annual audit for the applicable fiscal year, and such
payment shall be subject to Executives continued employment hereunder through the applicable payment date except as otherwise
specifically provided in this Agreement.

(c)
Subject to the final approval of the Board, on the Unconditional Date (as defined below), the Executive will be granted an option to
purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Equity Award). The Equity Award shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of the Companys Equity Incentive Plan, as in effect on the date of grant and as amended and restated
thereafter from time to time (the Plan) and standard form of option agreement thereunder (the Equity Agreement,
and together with the Plan, the Equity Documents). The shares of common stock underlying the Equity Award shall
vest over four (4) years, or vesting schedule as the Board may determine from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Equity
Documents, provided that Executive remains engaged in a service relationship (as defined in the Plan) with the Company as of each such
vesting date. For the purposes of this Agreement, Unconditional Date means the date falling 3 months after the Effective
Date.

(d)
In addition, during the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all the Companys employee benefit programs
for which employees of the Company are generally eligible. The Company shall pay 100% of all required premium costs associated with Executive
and eligible immediate family members enrollment in the Companys health insurance employee benefits plans. If the Company
does not have a health insurance plan, it will reimburse Executive monthly for the full cost of the Executive and eligible immediate
family members health insurance coverage until a plan is adopted, if any, under which Executive is entitled to coverage.

(e)
The Company will provide Executive with the opportunity to immediately participate in the Companys 401(k) Plan. The Company will
make a 6% match of Executives contributions beginning immediately upon the Effective Date.

2

(f)
Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of Paid Time Off each calendar year (prorated for partial years of employment hereunder)
to accrue, carry over from year-to-year, and be used in accordance with the Companys policies as in effect from time to time.

(g)
The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred in the conduct of Executives
duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies, as in effect from time to time. The current policy
of the Company requires Executive to obtain the prior approval of the Chairman for business travels and expenses outside the U.S. The
expenses referred to in this Section 3(g) shall be paid directly by the Company or reimbursed upon Executives submission
of receipts and expense reports or other documentation in such form as may be reasonably required by the Company from time to time.

(h)
Nothing in this Section 3 shall be construed as limiting in any way the Companys authority to alter, discontinue, or limit
eligibility for any employee benefit program, including the Companys Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, or retirement employee
benefits programs, at any time now or in the future as permitted by law.

4.
Agreement Term. The Employment Period shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until Executives resignation,
death or Disability (as defined below) or until the Employment Period is terminated by the Company with or without Cause (as defined
below) or by the Executive with Good Reason (as defined below). Except as otherwise provided herein, any termination of the Employment
Period by the Company shall be effective as specified in a written notice from the Company to Executive and vice versa. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Employment Period may be terminated by either the Company or Executive at will at any time.

5.
Termination

(a)
The Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either party upon one (1) months advance written notice. The Company
may terminate the Executives employment immediately by payment in lieu of notice.

(b)
The Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company with Cause without notice.

(c)
Following the Unconditional Date, if the Employment Period is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined below) or by the Executive
with Good Reason (as defined below), then, in addition to the Final Compensation (as defined below), for a period of three (3) months
following the date of termination, Executive shall be entitled to (i) continue to receive Executives Base Salary; (ii) continue
to participate in group medical and dental plans for Company employees to the extent permitted under applicable law, and the Company
shall continue to contribute to the premium cost of Executive and eligible immediate family members participation in the Companys
group medical and dental plans as set forth in Section 3(d) in this Agreement, provided that Executive is entitled to continue
such participation under applicable law and plan terms; (iii) have all unvested equity awards granted to Executive become vested; and
(iv) receive payment for all accrued but unused vacation. In addition, the Company shall pay Executive any bonus compensation otherwise
payable pursuant to Section 3(b) for the fiscal year preceding that in which termination occurs that is unpaid on the date of
termination (regardless of whether Executive remains continuous employed hereunder through the applicable payment date). The Base Salary
to which Executive may become entitled under this Section 5(c) shall be payable in accordance with the normal U.S. payroll practices
of the Company. Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, compensation or benefits after termination of the Employment Period,
except as specifically provided for in the Companys employee benefit plans or as otherwise expressly provided for herein or as
required by applicable law.

For
the purposes of this Agreement, Final Compensation means (i) any Base Salary earned but not paid during the final
payroll period of Executives employment through the date of termination, and (ii) any business expenses incurred by Executive
but un-reimbursed on the date of termination, provided that such expenses and required substantiation and documentation are submitted
within fifteen (15) calendar days of the date of termination and that such expenses are reimbursable under Company policy.

(d)
If the Employment Period terminates due to Executives death or Disability, in addition to the Final Compensation, the Company
shall pay Executive (or, as applicable, Executives estate) any bonus compensation otherwise payable pursuant to Section 3(b)
for the fiscal year preceding that in which termination occurs that is unpaid on the date of termination; (ii) the Company shall
pay Executive or Executives estate the value all accrued but unused vacation at the time of Executives death or Disability;
and (iii) all unvested equity awards granted to Executive become vested. Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, bonus,
compensation, or benefits thereafter, except as otherwise specifically provided for under the Companys employee benefit plans
or as otherwise expressly required by applicable law.

3

(e)
If the Employment Period terminates for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, by Executive for Good Reason, or due to Executives
death or Disability, Executive shall only be entitled to Final Compensation and shall not be entitled to any other salary, bonus, compensation
or benefits thereafter, except as otherwise specifically provided for under the Companys employee benefit plans or as otherwise
expressly required by applicable law.

(f)
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all of Executives rights to salary, bonuses, employee benefits and other compensation
hereunder which would have accrued or become payable after the termination or expiration of the Employment Period shall cease upon such
termination or expiration, other than those expressly required under applicable law (such as COBRA). The Company may offset any amounts
Executive owes to the Company against any amounts the Company owes Executive hereunder, subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

(g)
For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean with respect to Executive one or more of the following: (i) Executives
willful failure to perform Executives duties (other than any such failure resulting from illness, temporary absence, legal incapacity
due to Disability), after reasonable notice of such failure and an opportunity to correct such failure within ten (10) calendar days,
if correctable; (ii) Executives willful failure to follow reasonable and lawful directives of the Board, after reasonable notice
of such failure and an opportunity to remedy or cure such conduct within ten (10) calendar days of the breach, if curable; (iii) Executives
conduct which the Board in its good faith discretion determines would cause the Company or any of its subsidiaries substantial public
disgrace or disrepute or substantial economic harm; (iv) Executives commission of an offense involving moral turpitude or any
felony; (v) Executives breach of any fiduciary duty with respect to the Company; (vi) Executives gross negligence, recklessness,
or willful misconduct with respect to the Company resulting in material harm to the Company; or (vii) Executives material breach
of this Agreement, after reasonable notice of such breach and an opportunity to cure such breach within ten (10) calendar days of the
breach, if curable.

(h)
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Executives inability to perform the essential duties,
responsibilities and functions of Executives position with the Company for a period of thirty (30) consecutive calendar days or
for a total of sixty (60) calendar days during any 12-month period as a result of any mental or physical illness, disability or incapacity
even with reasonable accommodations for such illness, disability or incapacity provided by the Company or if providing such accommodations
would be unreasonable, all as determined by the Board in its reasonable good faith judgment. If any question shall arise as to whether
during any period Executive is disabled through any illness, injury, accident or condition of either a physical or psychological nature
so as to be unable to perform substantially all of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder, Executive may, and at the
request of the Company shall, submit to a medical examination by a physician selected by the Company to whom Executive has no reasonable
objection to determine whether Executive is so disabled and such determination shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive
of the issue. If such question shall arise and Executive shall fail to submit to such medical examination, the Companys determination
of the issue shall be binding on Executive.

(i)
For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following
without Executives written consent: (A) the Company reduces the amount of the Annual Salary, excluding a reduction of the Annual
Salary conducted as part of similar reduction applicable to all officers of the Company, (B) the Company changes Executives primary
place of work to a location that is more than twenty-five (25) miles from Executives present primary place of work, (C) the Company
changes Executives title or otherwise reduces Executives responsibilities in a manner which is materially inconsistent
with the positions Executive holds (including, without limitation, a change in reporting structure such that Executive no longer reports
to the Board), or (D) the Company materially breaches this Agreement; provided, however, that no event described in clause (A), (B),
(C), or (D) will constitute Good Reason unless (1) Executive has given the Company written notice of the Good Reason objection, setting
forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) calendar days after the occurrence of
such conduct, (2) Executives has provided the Company with thirty (30) calendar days following the date on which such notice is provided
to cure such conduct, (3) the Company has failed to do so, and (4) Executive has provided notice of resignation within fourteen (14)
calendar days of the lapse of the cure period. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason would be effective
on the date the Company receives the notice of resignation.

4

6.
Confidential Information.

(a)
Executive acknowledges that the information, observations and data (including trade secrets) obtained by Executive while employed by
the Company (including those obtained by Executive prior to the Effective Date) concerning the business or affairs of the Company or
any subsidiary, if applicable (Confidential Information) are the property of the Company or such subsidiary; provided,
that, for the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information shall not include information already in the public domain or generally known
to the public through no fault of Executive. Therefore, Executive agrees that Executive shall not disclose to any person or entity or
use for Executives own purposes any Confidential Information or any confidential or proprietary information of other persons or
entities in the possession of the Company or its subsidiaries (Third Party Information), without the prior written
consent of the Board, other than as required for the proper performance of Executives regular duties and responsibilities for
the Company or as required by applicable law after notice to the Company and a reasonable opportunity for the Company to obtain protection
for the Confidential Information prior to its disclosure. Executive shall deliver to the Company at the termination or expiration of
the Employment Period, or at any other time the Company may reasonably request, all memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports, computer
files, disks and tapes, printouts and software and other documents and data (and copies thereof) embodying or relating to Third Party
Information, Confidential Information, Work Product (as defined below) or the business of the Company or any subsidiary, if applicable,
which Executive may then possess or have under Executives control. The confidentiality obligation under this Section 6
shall not apply to information which is generally known or readily available to the public at the time of disclosure or becomes generally
known through no wrongful act on the part of Executive.

(b)
Executive shall be prohibited from using or disclosing any confidential information or trade secrets that Executive may have learned
through any prior employment. If at any time during the Employment Period Executive believes Executive is being asked to engage in work
that will, or will be likely to, jeopardize any confidentiality or other obligations Executive may have to former employers, Executive
shall immediately advise the Board so that Executives duties can be modified appropriately. Executive represents and warrants
to the Company that Executive took nothing with Executive which belonged to any former employer when Executive left Executives
prior employment positions and that Executive has nothing that contains any information which belongs to any former employer. If at any
time Executive discovers this is incorrect, Executive shall promptly return any such materials to Executives former employer.
The Company does not want any such materials, and Executive shall not be permitted to use or refer to any such materials in the performance
of Executives duties hereunder.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Executive, if Executive
makes a confidential disclosure of any trade secret or other confidential information to a government official or an attorney for the
sole purpose of reporting a suspected violation of law, or in a court filing under seal, Executive shall not be held liable under this
Agreement or under any federal or state trade secret law for such a disclosure.

7.
Inventions and Intellectual Property.

(a)
Executive acknowledges and agrees that all rights (including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights of any kind throughout
the world) in and to all inventions (whether or not patentable), technology, innovations, improvements, discoveries, developments, concepts,
methods, processes, techniques, algorithms, software (including, without limitation, all object code and source code), data, specifications,
trade secrets, works of authorship, mask works, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, know-how, ideas and all other intellectual property
and proprietary information and all similar or related information, in each case, that relate to the Companys or any of its subsidiaries
business, research and development or existing or future products or services and that had been or are, to any extent, made, discovered,
developed, created, conceived or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or jointly with others) in the course and scope of his
employment and while employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, regardless of whether in the past, present or future (collectively,
Work Product), belong to the Company or such Affiliate. Executive hereby irrevocably assigns all right, title and
interest in and to all Work Product, including all related intellectual property rights, to the Company (or, if designated by the Company,
to such Affiliate as the Companys designee), including all goodwill that is associated with such Work Product, and further including
all income, royalties, and damages hereafter due and payable with respect to such Work Product, including without limitation, damages
for any and all past, present and future causes of action and other enforcement actions (including, without limitation, for injunctive
remedies and relief) and rights to damages and profits, due or accrued, relating to any of the foregoing, including the right to sue
and recover for, and the right to profits and damages, due or accrued, arising out of or in connection with, any and all past, present
or future infringements, misappropriations or dilutions of such Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 7(a),
the foregoing assignment does not (and will not) include any Work Product that qualifies fully for exclusion to the extent required by
applicable law and, for all such excluded Work Product, Executive hereby grants Company and its Affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable,
worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, assignable right and license to exercise, exploit, use,
make, offer to sell, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, perform, and display such Work Product, Executive
hereby grants Company and its Affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, exclusive, sublicensable,
transferable, assignable right and license to exercise, exploit, use, make, offer to sell, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, create
derivative works of, perform, and display such Work Product without limitation. Executive shall promptly disclose any inventions (whether
or not patentable) included in any Work Product to the Board and perform all actions reasonably necessary or requested by the Board (whether
during or after the Employment Period) to establish and confirm such ownership of any Work Product (including, without limitation, executing
assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments).

5

(b)
If any Work Product is based on, incorporates, or is an improvement or derivative of, or cannot be reasonably and fully made, used, practiced,
reproduced, distributed or otherwise exploited without using or violating, any technology or intellectual property rights owned by or
licensed to Executive and not assigned to the Company or any of its Affiliates under this Agreement, Executive hereby grants the Company
and each of its Affiliates, and the successors of each of the foregoing, a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up,
non-exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, assignable right and license to exercise, exploit, use, offer to sell, sell, reproduce, distribute,
modify, create derivative works of, perform, and display all such technology and intellectual property rights in support of the Companys
and its and Affiliates respective exercise, exploitation, use, making, offering to sell, sale, reproduction, distribution, modification,
creation of derivative works of, performance, and display of any Work Product or any assigned rights (including, without limitation,
any modifications, improvements or derivatives of any of the foregoing).

(c)
The assignment of Work Product in Section 7(a) includes, without limitation, all Moral Rights (as defined below) in relation to
the Work Product and all uses thereof, together with all claims for damages or other remedies asserted on the basis of any Moral Rights.
To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law and to the extent allowed by law, Executive hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally waives such Moral Rights. If Executive is unable to assign or waive any such Moral Rights in a jurisdiction, Executive
consents to any action of the Company or any of its Affiliates that would violate such Moral Rights in the absence of such waiver or
consent and will not assert any Moral Rights in relation thereto. This assignment, waiver, consent and/or non-assertion (as applicable)
is made in favor of the Company and each of its Affiliates, and the successors of each of the foregoing, with respect to the Work Product.
Moral Rights means any right to (i) claim or disclaim authorship of a work, (ii) object to any distortion, mutilation,
or other modification or other derogatory action in relation to a work or (iii) object to any purpose, product, service, cause or institution
in respect of which a work has been associated, in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii), whether or not such action would be prejudicial
to the authors reputation, and any similar right, existing under common or statutory law of any country in the world or under
any treaty, regardless of whether or not such right is denominated or generally referred to as a moral right.

(d)
On Exhibit A attached hereto, Executive has listed all intellectual property (including all patents, copyrights, works of authorship,
trademarks, trade secrets and all issuances, registrations and applications of any of the foregoing) created, developed, discovered or
conceived prior to the Effective Date that: (i) Executive asserts is owned (solely or jointly with any other Person) by Executive, or
in which Executive asserts and desires to retain an interest; and (ii) relates to the Companys or any of its subsidiaries
business (Executive Pre-Existing IP). Executive represents that such list is true and complete. Executive agrees
that, if no such list is provided on Exhibit A, Executive represents that there is no Executive Pre-Existing IP.

8.
Cooperation. Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and with the Companys counsel in connection with any
actual or threatened claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, government investigation, administrative proceeding, or other matter involving
the Company that relates to events, occurrences, or conduct occurring (or claimed to have occurred) during and for up to two (2) years
after Executives employment with the Company (collectively Company Matters) other than any Company Matter
as to which Executive and the Company are directly adverse parties; provided that such cooperation activities (i) are limited in scope
and time commitment and (ii) do not unreasonably interfere with other activities of Executive. In the event the Company requires Executives
cooperation in accordance with this Section 8, the Company shall reimburse Executive for (i) reasonable legal fees and travel
expenses (including lodging and meals), upon submission of receipts, incurred by Executive in connection with the performance of Executives
obligations under this Section 8 and (ii) only if after termination of the Employment Period, a reasonable per diem, as determined
in good faith by the Board. Executives failure to meet the requirements of this Section 8 shall constitute a material breach
of this Agreement and Cause for termination should such failure occur during the Employment Period. Further, if Executive fails to meet
the requirements of this Section 8 after receipt of five (5) business days written notice of such failure from the Board,
the Company shall have no additional obligation to make any further payments to Executive or continue to permit Executives enrollment
in any Company employee benefit programs pursuant to Section 5(c).

6

9.
Return of Property. Promptly upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive shall
return to the Company any and all Company property and Confidential Information in Executives possession, custody, or control,
whether in electronic or hard copy form, which Executive obtained while employed by the Company or otherwise serving or acting on behalf
of the Company, or which Executive may then possess or have under Executive control. Further, Executive agrees that, if requested, upon
termination of the Employment Period and for up to two (2) years following termination of the Employment Period, Executive will make
available for inspection any and all personal devices utilized by Executive to perform Company business during the Employment Period.
Executive further covenants that Executive shall not delete, destroy, modify, or otherwise alter any Company property or Confidential
Information stored on any personal device or, likewise, destroy any personal device containing such content after receiving a request
for inspection as described herein. Such inspection shall be conducted exclusively for the purpose of determining whether Executive has
misappropriated the Companys Confidential Information or engaged in a breach of fiduciary duty. Inspection shall be conducted
at the Companys expense by outside counsel in cooperation with the Board. Executives failure to meet the requirements of
this Section 9 shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and Cause for termination should such failure occur during
the Employment Period. Further, if Executive fails to meet the requirements of this Section 9 after receipt of five (5) business
days written notice of such failure from the Board, the Company shall have no additional obligation to make any further payments
to Executive or continue to permit Executives enrollment in any Company employee benefit programs pursuant to Section 5(c).

10.
Additional Acknowledgments. In addition, Executive acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 are in consideration
of employment with the Company and additional good and valuable consideration as set forth in this Agreement. Executive also acknowledges
that the restrictions contained in Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 do not preclude Executive from earning a livelihood, nor do they unreasonably
impose limitations on Executives ability to earn a living. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the potential harm to the Company
of the non-enforcement of Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 outweighs any potential harm to Executive of its enforcement by injunction or otherwise.
Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed
upon Executive by this Agreement and is in full accord as to their necessity for the reasonable and proper protection of confidential
and proprietary information of the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, now existing or to be developed in the future and that each
and every restraint imposed by this Agreement is reasonable in all respects.

11.
Executives Representations. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (i) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by Executive does not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract,
agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which Executive is bound, (ii) Executive is not
a party to or bound by any employment agreement, noncompete agreement or confidentiality agreement with any other person or entity and
(iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of Executive,
enforceable in accordance with its terms. Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that Executive has consulted with independent
legal counsel regarding Executives rights and obligations under this Agreement and that Executive fully understands the terms
and conditions contained herein.

12.
Survival. The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall survive as provided herein or if necessary or desirable
to accomplish the purposes of other surviving provisions following the termination of Executives employment with the Company,
regardless of the manner of or reasons for such termination.

13.
Notices. Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either personally delivered, sent by reputable
overnight courier service or mailed by first class mail, return receipt requested, to the recipient at the address below indicated:

Notices
to Executive shall be sent to the address last on file with the Company.

Notices
to the Company:

Currenc
Group Inc.

c/o
Board of Directors

Unit
B&D, 13/F, Lee & Man Commercial Center

169
Electric Road

North
Point, Hong Kong

or
such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the
sending party. Any notice under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when so delivered, sent or mailed.

7

14.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or enforceability shall not affect any other provision of this
Agreement or any action in any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction
as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

15.
Complete Agreement. This Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein and other documents of even date herewith embody
the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations
by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

16.
Headings/No Strict Construction. The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define or
describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement. In addition, the language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to
be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against
any party.

17.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (including facsimile and electronic transmission counterparts),
each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement.

18.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive, the Company
and their respective heirs, successors and assigns, except that Executive may not assign Executives rights or delegate Executives
duties or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company.

19.
Choice of Law. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement
and the exhibits and schedules hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.

20.
Amendment and Waiver. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of the Company
(as approved by the Board) and Executive. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the
waiving party. The failure of either party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by either
party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver
of any subsequent breach.

21.
Tax Withholdings. The Company shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any amounts owing from the Company to Executive any
federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes, excise tax, or employment taxes imposed with respect to Executives compensation
or other payments from the Company or Executives ownership interest in the Company (including wages, bonuses, dividends, the receipt
or exercise of equity options and/or the receipt or vesting of restricted equity).

22.
Consent to Jurisdiction. FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF OBTAINING EQUITABLE RELIEF IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM
BETWEEN THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF
THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY U.S. REGISTERED MAIL TO SUCH PARTYS
RESPECTIVE ADDRESS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK
WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTERS TO WHICH IT HAS SUBMITTED TO JURISDICTION IN THIS SECTION 22. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RELATED
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
AND HEREBY AND THEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH
ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 22 HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

8

23.
Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided for in Section 22, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or Executives employment with and/or termination by the Company, which dispute, controversy or claim is not settled
in writing within ten (10) business days after the date on which a party to this Agreement gives written notice to the other that a dispute,
controversy or claim exists, shall be settled by arbitration conducted in New York, New York in accordance with the provisions of the
National Rules for Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association then in force (the Rules)
and the laws of the State of New York. In the event that a party requests arbitration, it shall serve upon the other party a written
demand for arbitration stating the substance of the controversy, dispute or claim and the contention of the party requesting arbitration.
If possible, the arbitrator will be selected by mutual agreement. If the parties do not select the arbitrator by mutual agreement, the
arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with the Rules. The decision of the arbitrator shall be in writing and shall set forth the
basis therefor. The parties shall abide by all awards rendered in the arbitration proceedings and all such awards may be enforced and
executed upon in any court having jurisdiction over the party against whom enforcement of such award is sought. The prevailing party
with respect to any particular claim as determined in arbitration as contemplated by this Section 23 will be entitled to its reasonable
attorneys fees and costs incurred with respect to such claim from the non-prevailing party; in all other circumstances, each party
shall pay its own legal fees and costs incurred in connection with arbitration.

24.
Section 409A

(a)
The parties intend that any amounts payable under this Agreement comply with, or are exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the
Code, along with the rules, regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder by the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue
Service (collectively, Section 409A), and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner consistent
with that intention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no particular tax result for Executive with respect to any income recognized by Executive
in connection with this Agreement is guaranteed, and Executive will be responsible for any taxes, interest and penalties imposed on Executive
under or as a result of Section 409A in connection with the Agreement.

(b)
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning
of Section 409A and determined pursuant to any policies adopted by the Company consistent with Section 409A), at the time of Executives
separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A) and if any portion of the payments or benefits to be
received by Executive upon separation from service would be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A and cannot be paid or
provided to Executive without Executive incurring taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable
pursuant to this Agreement and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, during the six-month
period immediately following Executives separation from service will instead be paid or made available on the earlier of (i) the
first business day of the seventh month following the date of Executives separation from service and (ii) Executives death.

(c)
With respect to any amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefits under this Agreement, to the
extent such payment or benefit would be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A or is required to be included in Executives
gross income for federal income tax purposes, such expenses (including, without limitation, expenses associated with in-kind benefits)
will be reimbursed by the Company no later than December 31st of the year following the year in which Executive incurs the related expenses.
In no event will the reimbursements or in-kind benefits to be provided by the Company in one taxable year affect the amount of reimbursements
or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year, nor will Executives right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be
subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(d)
With respect to any right of offset the Company may have against Executive for amounts Executive owes it or any of its Affiliates, such
right shall only apply if the following conditions are met: (i) the debt was incurred by Executive in the ordinary course of Executives
employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) the aggregate amount of reduction shall not exceed $5,000 in any taxable year,
and (iii) the reduction is made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt would have otherwise been due and collected from
Executive.

9

(e)
Each payment under this Agreement is intended to be a separate payment and not of a series of payments for purposes of
Section 409A. To the extent that some portion of the payments under this Agreement may be bifurcated and treated as exempt from Section
409A of the Code under the short-term deferral or separation pay exemptions, then such amounts may be so
treated as exempt from Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is intended that the severance payable to Executive
under Section 6(d) shall either (i) qualify as exempt under the short-term deferral exemption to the extent portions are
paid within two and one-half (2-1/2) months after the end of the year in which Executive separates from service, or (ii) qualify as exempt
under the separation pay exemption to the extent such severance will be paid solely upon Executives involuntary
separation from service (as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(n)), shall not exceed two times the lesser of (A) Executives
annualized compensation (based upon the annual rate of pay for services provided for the taxable year preceding the taxable year in which
Executive has a separation from service, or (B) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to
Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive separates from service (which for 2019 is $285,000) and will be paid in
all events within two years following the end of the year in which Executive separates from service. To the extent the separation
pay exemption applies, the amounts covered by the exemption shall be the amounts paid earliest in time that would be subject to
Section 409A of the Code notwithstanding the separation pay exemption.

(f)
A termination of employment will not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment
of any amounts or benefits subject to Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation
from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the date on
which such separation from service takes place will be the termination date.

25.
Corporate Opportunities. During the Employment Period, Executive shall submit to the Board all business, commercial and investment
opportunities or offers presented to Executive or of which Executive becomes aware which relate to the Companys or any of its
subsidiaries business at any time during the Employment Period (the Corporate Opportunities). In the event
the Board determines not to pursue any such Corporate Opportunity and if the Board provides its express written permission to Executive
to pursue such Corporate Opportunity, Executive shall be entitled to pursue such Corporate Opportunity, so long as it does not interfere
with the performance of Executives duties to the Company or violate any of the provisions of this Agreement.

26.
Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation.

(a)
Non-Compete. During the Employment Period and for a period of six (6) months following the termination of Executives employment
with the Company for any reason (the Restricted Period), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in,
own, manage, operate, control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be employed by or provide services
to, any business or entity that competes with the business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as conducted or planned as of the
date of termination of Executives employment, within 50 miles of the primary business location in the United States or any other
jurisdiction where the Company operates where Executive has had significant involvement prior to his termination. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Executive may hold, solely for investment purposes, less than five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of any publicly
traded company.

(b)
Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit, or
encourage any employee or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave their employment or engagement with the Company,
or hire or engage any such individual, other than through a general solicitation not specifically directed at such individuals.

10

(c)
Non-Solicitation of Customers and Clients. During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit,
divert, or attempt to solicit or divert any client, customer, or business partner of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with whom
Executive had material contact during the last twelve (12) months of Executives employment, for the purpose of providing products
or services that compete with those offered by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(d)
Reasonableness. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Section are reasonable in scope, duration,
and geography and are necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company, including its trade secrets, confidential
information, and goodwill.

27.
Insurance. The Company may, at its discretion, apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit life and/or disability
insurance on Executive in any amount or amounts considered advisable. Executive agrees to cooperate in any medical or other examination,
supply any information and execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain
and constitute such insurance.

28.
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing herein, expressed or implied, shall create or establish any third-party beneficiary hereto
nor confer upon any Person not a party to this Agreement, any rights or remedies, including without limitation, any right to employment
or continued employment for any specified period, of any nature or kind whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

29.
EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EXECUTIVE FULLY KNOWS, UNDERSTANDS AND APPRECIATES ITS CONTENTS,
AND THAT EXECUTIVE HEREBY EXECUTES THE SAME AND MAKES THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RELEASE AND AGREEMENTS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN VOLUNTARILY AND
OF EXECUTIVES OWN FREE WILL.

[Signature
page follows]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Currenc
Group Inc.,

By:
/s/
Alexander Kong King Ong

Name:
Alexander
Kong King Ong

Title:
Executive
Chairman

Wan
Lung Eng

By:
/s/
Wan Lung Eng

Name:
Wan
Lung Eng

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Exhibit
A: Inventions and Intellectual Property

1. No Pre-Existing IP

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

CURRENC
Group Inc. Appoints Wan Lung Eng as Chief Financial Officer

SINGAPORE,
April 15, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) CURRENC Group Inc. (Nasdaq: CURR) (CURRENC or the Company), a fintech
pioneer empowering financial institutions worldwide with artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, today announced that Mr. Wan Lung Eng
will join the Company as Chief Financial Officer, effective April 16, 2025.

Mr.
Engs diverse career spans over 20 years as a finance and accounting executive, investment banker, and private equity professional.
He has served as CFO at VitalCheck Wellness, Teclison, and Spectral MD, and as SVP and CFO at Immersive Artistry. Earlier in his career,
Mr. Eng was an investment banker and private equity professional with RBC Capital Markets, Macquarie Group, Deutsche Bank Securities,
Wachovia Securities (now Wells Fargo Securities) and CIAS International (Temasek Holdings-owned private investment firm). Mr. Eng executed
public and private financings and M&A transactions in the U.S., Europe and Asia of over US$50 billion in aggregate value. With expertise
across corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, principal investments, and corporate development, Mr. Eng is exceptionally
well-suited to drive CURRENCs financial strategy and growth initiatives. He holds an MBA from Duke Universitys Fuqua School
of Business in the U.S. and a Bachelor of Accountancy from Nanyang Technological University in Singapore.

We
are excited to welcome Wan Lung Eng to our executive team, said Alex Kong, Founder and Executive Chairman of CURRENC. His
proven track record and deep expertise will be pivotal in accelerating our growth and advancing our AI initiatives in building global
AI ecosystem for financial institutions. Were confident Wan Lungs leadership will enhance our financial discipline and
help propel CURRENC to new heights in the global fintech landscape.

Ronnie
Hui, Chief Executive Officer of CURRENC, added, Wan Lungs appointment reflects our commitment to excellence and innovation.
His broad industry experience will be invaluable as we continue to consolidate our position as a leader in digital remittance and AI-powered
financial solutions. We look forward to the fresh insights he will bring to our ongoing transformation.

About
CURRENC Group Inc.

CURRENC
Group Inc. (Nasdaq: CURR) is a fintech pioneer dedicated to transforming global financial services through artificial intelligence (AI).
The Company empowers financial institutions worldwide with comprehensive AI solutions, including SEAMLESS AI Call Centre and other AI-powered
Agents designed to reduce costs, increase efficiency and boost customer satisfaction for banks, insurance, telecommunications companies,
government agencies and other financial institutions. The Companys digital remittance platform also enables e-wallets, remittance
companies, and corporations to provide real-time, 24/7 global payment services, advancing financial access across underserved communities.

Safe
Harbor Statement

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the safe harbor provisions of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Companys
beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and a
number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. In some cases,
forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as may, will, expect,
anticipate, target, aim, estimate, intend, plan,
believe, potential, continue, is/are likely to or other similar expressions.
Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties, or factors is included in the Companys filings with the SEC.
All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and the Company does not undertake any duty to
update such information, except as required under applicable law.

Investor
& Media Contact

CURRENC
Group Investor Relations

Email:
investors@currencgroup.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>curr-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>curr-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>curr-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41079

Entity Registrant Name Currenc
Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001862935

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1602649

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 410
North Bridge Road

Entity Address, City or Town SPACES City Hall

Entity Address, Country SG

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 188726

City Area Code +66

Local Phone Number 6407-7362

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
shares, pay value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CURR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://currencgroup.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

curr-20250415.xsd 
curr-20250415_lab.xml 
curr-20250415_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-004981-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001862935 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001862935 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
Currenc Group, Inc. 
E9 
001-41079 
98-1602649 
410 North Bridge Road 
SPACES City Hall 
SG 
188726 
+66 
6407-7362 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Ordinary shares, pay value $0.0001 per share 
CURR 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>