<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-020898.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-020898.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305211431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-020898
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewHold Investment Corp. III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002043699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42541
		FILM NUMBER:		25713372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 VANDERBILT AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2005
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 653-0153

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 VANDERBILT AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2005
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233241-8k_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000204369900020436992025-02-272025-02-270002043699NHIC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-02-272025-02-270002043699NHIC:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-272025-02-270002043699NHIC:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 27, 2025

NewHold
Investment Corp III

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42541 32-0781832

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

52
Vanderbilt Avenue

Suite
2005

New York, NY10017

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 653-0153

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant NHICU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share NHIC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share NHICW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 3, 2025, NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company)
consummated its initial public offering (IPO), which consisted of 20,125,000 units (the Units),
including the exercise in full by the underwriter of an option to purchase up to 2,625,000 Units at the offering price to cover over-allotments.
The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $201,250,000. Each Unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of the Company, and one-half of
one redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant) of the Company, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to
purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share.

In connection with the IPO,
the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

An Underwriting Agreement, dated
February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

A Warrant Agreement, dated February
27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, a copy
of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement,
dated February 27, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, dated February 27, 2025 (the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), by and between the
Company and NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC (the Sponsor), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto
and incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, dated February 27, 2025 (the BTIG Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and, together with the Sponsor
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements), by and between the Company
and BTIG, LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Letter Agreement, dated February
27, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Services Agreement,
dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.

Indemnity Agreement, dated February
27, 2025, by and among the Company and each Director and executive officers of the Company, a copy of form of which is attached as Exhibit
10.7 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, the Company completed the private placement of an aggregate of
780,100 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor and BTIG, LLC, the representative of the underwriters,
at $10.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant, each whole Warrant exercisable
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share of the Company. Of those 780,100 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 552,600 Private
Placement Units and BTIG, LLC purchased 227,500 Private Placement Units. The Warrants contained in the Private Placement Units are identical
to the Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 27, 2025, the Company entered into
indemnity agreements with each of its directors and officers that require the Company to indemnify each of them to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.
The foregoing summary of the indemnity agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by,
the full text of the form of indemnity agreement, which is filed as Exhibits 10.7 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
in this Item 5.02 by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 27, 2025, in
connection with the IPO, the Company filed its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies, which was effective on February
27, 2025. The terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association are set forth in the Registration Statement and
are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is attached as Exhibit
3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A total of $202,256,250, comprised of the proceeds from the IPO and
the sale of the Private Placement Units (which amount includes $7,043,750 of the underwriters deferred discount), was placed in
a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and for winding up and dissolution expenses,
the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys
initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO (or by such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors
may approve), subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance
or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it has not consummated an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity.

On February 27, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K.

On March 3, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent.

10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders.

10.3 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.4 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.5 Letter Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor.

10.6 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between the Company and NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC.

10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement

99.1 Press Release, dated February 27, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated March 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

By: /s/ Polly Schneck

Name: Polly Schneck

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 5, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex1-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND BTIG, LLC, AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SEVERAL UNDERWRITERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Underwriting Agreement

between

NewHold Investment Corp III

and

BTIG, LLC

Dated February 27, 2025

(the Agreement)

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 27, 2025

BTIG, LLC

65 E. 55th Street

New York, New York 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, NewHold Investment
Corp III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with BTIG, LLC (BTIG
or the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative
is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters
or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter, provided that, if only BTIG is listed on such Schedule A, any
references to the Underwriters shall refer exclusively to BTIG) as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of
Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set
forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase
from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 17,500,000 units of the Company (the Firm Units), ratably
in accordance with the number of Firm Units set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule A attached hereto, at a purchase
price (net of discounts and commissions, excluding Deferred Underwriting Commission (as defined below)) of $9.80 per Firm Unit. The Firm
Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each
Firm Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, of $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants). The Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the
Firm Units (and the Class A Ordinary Shares and the warrants included in the Option Units (as defined below), if any) will trade separately
on the 52nd day following the date hereof (or, if such date is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the following Business
Day) unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no
event will the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in either the Firm Units or the Option Units trade separately until (i) the
Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K
that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement
(as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise
of the Over-allotment Option (as defined below) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K and
(ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and issued a press release announcing when such separate trading
will begin. Each whole Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
commencing 30 days after the consummation by the Company of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization,
or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination) and expiring on the five-year
anniversary of the consummation by the Company of its initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

1.1.2 Payment and
Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first Business Day (as defined
below) following the commencement of trading of the Firm Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative
and the Company, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (EGS), or at such
other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units
is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal
(same day) funds, payable as follows: $175,875,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of Private
Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust Account) established
by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in
Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental). The funds deposited in the Trust Account
shall include an aggregate of $6,125,000 ($0.35 per Firm Unit), payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance
with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to
this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company
(DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such
authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company
will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one full Business Day prior to the Closing
Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative
for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares
sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (defined below), any member of the Sponsor
or any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such Class A Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and
solely with respect to such Class A Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other
day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for
wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Over-Allotment
Option.

1.2.1 Option Units.
The Underwriters are hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase, ratably in accordance with
the number of Firm Units to be purchased by each of them, up to an additional 2,625,000 units (the Option Units),
the net proceeds of which, together with the proceeds of the Option Private Placement Units (as defined below), will be deposited in
the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such
Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units and shall be sold at the same purchase price per Firm Unit to be paid
by the Underwriters to the Company. The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units,
and the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Warrants included in the Units and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold
or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option
Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated
at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the price set
forth in Section 1.2.3 hereof.

2

1.2.2 Exercise of
Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all
(at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within 45 days after the effective date (Effective Date)
of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase
any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the
giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting
forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option
Closing Date), which will not be later than five full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in
such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including
remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery
and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon
exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

1.2.3 Payment and
Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable
as follows: $9.80 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative
of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of
DTC) for the account of the Representative. The amount of the payments for the Option Units to be deposited in the Trust Account will
include $0.35 per Option Unit (up to $918,750), payable to the Underwriters, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section
1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names
as the Representative requests in writing not less than two full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as
the case may be. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters
for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred Underwriting
Commission. The Representative agrees that 3.50% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($6,125,000) and 3.50% of the
gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $918,750) (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission),
will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative
for its own account upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. In the event that the Company is unable to
consummate a Business Combination and Continental, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee),
commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Representative agrees that: (i) the Representative
shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the
Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro-rata
basis among the Public Shareholders. Any Deferred Underwriting Commission will be fully earned by each Underwriter upon the payment of
the purchase price for the Units purchased by such Underwriter on the closing of the Offering (including payment of the purchase price
of any Option Units) and will be paid if and when the Company consummates its Business Combination, without any further conditions.

3

1.4 Private Placements.

1.4.1 Founder Shares.
In September 2024, NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), purchased
from the Company 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares), for an aggregate consideration of $25,000
paid to cover certain offering costs, in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Subsequently, on October 28, 2024, the Company capitalized $167.64
standing to the credit of the Companys share premium account and issued to the Sponsor an additional 1,676,413 Founder Shares,
as a result of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 6,707,663 Founder Shares. On February 19, 2025, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of 278,000 Founder Shares to the Companys independent directors, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,429,663 Founder
Shares. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder
Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor
until the earlier of: (i) six months after the consummation of a Business Combination; or (ii) subsequent to the consummation of such
Business Combination, (x) when the last reported sale price of the Companys Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per
share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 30 days after consummation of the Business Combination or (y) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder Shares
shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails
to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares.
In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares
(up to 874,912 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise approximately 25% of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company after giving effect to the Offering and the exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option (not including the Private
Placement Shares).

1.4.2 Unit Private
Placement. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor and the Representative will purchase from the Company pursuant to the
Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.2 hereof), 712,500 private placement units (537,500 units to be purchased by the
Sponsor and 175,000 to be purchased by the Representative), at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit (the Private Placement Units)
in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Simultaneously with
the Option Closing Date (if any), the Sponsor and the Representative will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreements
up to an additional 67,600 Private Placement Units (up to 15,100 units to be purchased by the Sponsor and up to 52,500 to be purchased
by the Representative), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration
under the Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act (the Option Private Placement Units). The Private Placement
Units and Option Private Placement Units, if any, are substantially identical to the Firm Units, subject to certain exceptions. The private
placement of the Private Placement Units and the Option Private Placement Units, if any, is referred to herein as the Unit Private
Placement. None of the Private Placement Units, the Option Private Placement Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares (the Private
Placement Shares) or the warrants (the Private Placement Warrants) comprising a part of the Private Placement
Units and the Option Private Placement Units, or the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants,
may be sold, assigned or transferred by the purchasers or their permitted transferees until 30 days after consummation of a Business
Combination. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units and certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Option Private
Placement Units, if any, shall be deposited into the Trust Account. The holders of the Private Placement Shares shall not have redemption
rights with respect to the Private Placement Shares. In addition, for as long as any Private Placement Units, Option Private Placement
Units, underlying Private Placement Shares and underlying Private Placement Warrants are held by the Representative or its designees or
affiliates, such Private Placement Units, Option Private Placement Units, the underlying Private Placement Shares, the underlying Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be subject to the lock-up
and registration rights limitations imposed by FINRA Rule 5110 and the Private Placement Warrants may not be exercised after five years
from the commencement of sales of the Offering.

4

1.4.3 The Private Placement
Units, the Option Private Placement Units, if any, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units and the Option Private Placement
Units, if any, are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions
or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities
and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5 Working Capital.
Upon consummation of the Offering, it is intended that approximately $2,000,000 ($2,019,750 if the Over-allotment Option is exercised
in full) of the Offering proceeds and the Unit Private Placement will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account
to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6 Interest Income.
Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account
may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any taxes incurred by
the Company (other than excise or similar tax that may be due or payable) and up to $100,000 for dissolution expenses, all as more fully
described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

2. Representations and Warranties of the
Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration
Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to
the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-284114), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus
that is included in the Registration Statement (as defined below) immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
for the registration of the Units (and the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Units) under the Act, which registration
statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules
and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register
the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise
require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective
(including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated
therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called
the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration
Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness
by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called
the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:00
p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which
was included in the Registration Statement filed on February 20, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus
used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus). If the Company has filed, or is
required pursuant to the terms hereof to file, a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional
securities or an amendment to such Registration Statement (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), then, unless otherwise
specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement. Other than the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document with
respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been registered for public
sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement or, if any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed, will be duly registered
for public sale under the Act with the filing of such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines
that at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company
and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter
into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers
at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

5

2.1.2 Pursuant to
the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-42541) providing for
the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Class
A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants. The registration of the Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants under the Exchange Act has
been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants have been registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop Orders,
Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state, or other regulatory
authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge,
assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in
Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation.
At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement)
and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus did and will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations.
The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates,
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary
to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the
case may be, did not and will not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent
Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration
Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when
any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will
not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and
warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge
and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters,
the information with respect to stabilizing transactions contained in the fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth paragraphs
of the section entitled Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled
Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

6

2.2.2 Disclosure of
Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as
exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is
referred to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that
is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect
and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto,
in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited
under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming
reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or
default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions
of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses,
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior Securities
Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person
or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign,
state, and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading.

7

2.3 Changes After Dates
in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material
Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition,
financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company,
other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board
of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company, other than a change in the title of such officer,
and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of
time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities
Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not (i) issued
any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend
or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, WithumSmith+Brown, PC (Withum),
whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, Withum is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during the periods covered by the
financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company
any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5 Financial Statements;
Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements.
The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company
at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to
be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including
contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material
current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial
statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance
with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

8

2.5.2 Statistical
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital;
Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and
the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted
share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Class A Ordinary Shares or any security convertible
into Class A Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Class A Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants,
rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid Issuance
of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect
thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation
of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized
and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of
the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based
in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2 Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for
in accordance with this Agreement and registered in the Companys register of members, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Securities are not and
will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the
Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly
taken. The form of certificates for the Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation
and applicable securities laws. The Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Warrants will constitute
valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance
with the terms thereof and such Warrants are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally;
(ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws;
and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Class A Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants and upon payment of the consideration
therefor, and when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms thereof such Class A Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason
of being such holders.

9

2.7.3 Placement Securities.
The Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue
the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. The Private Placement Shares have been duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor,
fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.
The Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants have been reserved for issuance and, when issued
in accordance with the terms of the Private Placement Warrants and registered in the Companys register of members, will be duly
and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will
not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.4 No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8 Registration Rights
of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders
of any securities of the Company or any warrants exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the
right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Warrant Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Trust Agreement, the Services
Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4) and the Purchase
Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.2) (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly
authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10 No Conflicts,
Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the
transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not,
with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of
any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition,
covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company
(collectively, the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation,
judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its
properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof; except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above for any such conflict,
breach or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined
below).

10

2.11 No Defaults; Violations.
No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money,
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties
or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter Documents or in
violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses, except for any such violation that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.12 Corporate Power;
Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of
Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses,
certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its
business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except where the failure
to would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this Offering and the Companys
business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation
and in furtherance of this Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith
and therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body,
foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale, and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions
and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).

11

2.13 D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders (Insiders) and provided to the Representative
and their counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
(to the extent a biography is contained) (the Biographies) is true and correct in all material respects and the Company
has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider or
in the Biographies to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete in any material respect.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending,
or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that would be reasonably expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or to Nasdaq.

2.15 Good Standing.
The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as an exempted company and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would
not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties
of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16 No Contemplation
of a Business Combination. The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target (each a Target Business)
and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Target Business
regarding a Business Combination with the Company.

2.17 Transactions Requiring
Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders
Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting
or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements
or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as defined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments Within
180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders
fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons
who raised or provided capital to the Company; or (ii) any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect to the Offering
(Participating Member), within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other
than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities,
or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to any Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date
of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior
to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member.
Except with respect to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement
(including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial
filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting
compensation as defined in FINRA Rule 5110.

12

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation.
No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) (other
than the Representative and its associated persons) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member
(as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns
that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated
person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4 Share Ownership.
No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market)
(other than the Representative and its associated persons).

2.17.5 Loans.
No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member.

2.17.6 Proceeds of
the Offering. No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation), the Private Placement Units
or Option Private Placement Units, if any, will be paid to any Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7 Conflicts of
Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member has a conflict of interest with the
Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating Member and/or its associated persons,
parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity,
or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer
taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United
States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of
the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has
filed all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns and all non-U.S. tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to
the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof (except in any case in which the failure
so to file would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect). The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns
that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any
of the foregoing is due and payable or as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate
provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local
and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally
determined.

2.18.3 In the event an
excise tax and/or any other similar fee or tax in nature is levied or imposed on the Company pursuant to any current law(s), including
without limitation any excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in relation to a redemption of securities as described
in the Registration Statement or otherwise, the Company agrees not to make payment of any such tax or fee from the Trust Account and further
agrees not to seek recourse for any such tax or fee from the Trust Account.

13

2.19 Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other
person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other
than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer
or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political
party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business
of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage
or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material
Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency and
Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the
requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of
1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act.
Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of
1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
(USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to
the Representative or to EGS shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered
thereby.

2.21 Agreements With
Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter.
On the date of this Agreement, the Company will cause to be duly executed and delivered to the Underwriters a legally binding and enforceable
agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign,
federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought),
a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each
of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters.

14

2.21.2 Purchase Agreements.
On the date of this Agreement, the Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered to the Underwriters a Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price
for the Private Placement Units to be sold to the Sponsor as described in Section 1.4.2, and as provided for in such Sponsor Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Representative shall have executed and delivered a Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the form
of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Representative Purchase Agreement and together
with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Representative will, among other
things, on the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Private
Placement Units to be sold to the Representative as described in Section 1.4.2 and as provided for in such Representative Purchase
Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, (i) each of the Sponsor and the Representative have waived any and all rights and claims
they may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Private Placement Units, and (ii)
certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units and certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Option Private Placement
Units, if any, will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing
Date and Option Closing Date (if any) as provided for in the Purchase Agreements.

2.21.3 Services Agreement.
On the date of this Agreement (a) the Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered to the Underwriters an Administrative Services
Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Services Agreement), pursuant
to which the Sponsor will provide office space and administrative services and officer compensation for the Company, for which the Company
will pay the Sponsor $40,000 per month (the Administrative Services Fee) starting on the Effective Date and continuing
until the earlier of (x) the completion of the Business Combination and (y) the liquidation of the Company. The amounts payable to the
officers of the Company for officer compensation that will be paid out of the Administrative Services Fee are set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.4 Registration
Rights Agreement. On the date of this Agreement, the Company, the Sponsor, the Representative and other holders of the Founder Shares
entered into and delivered to the Underwriters a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement)
substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.5 Loans.
The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $350,000 (the Insider Loans)
pursuant to a promissory note annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are
repayable by the Company on the earlier of the consummation of the Offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct
an initial public offering.

2.21.6 Additional
Payments to Officers. In addition to any amounts payable by the Sponsor to the officers of the company out of the Administrative Services
Fee, the Company will pay to certain officers of the Company, on a deferred basis, $45,000 per month in the aggregate, all of which amounts
will be payable upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.22 Investment Management
Trust Agreement. On the date of this Agreement, the Company has entered into and delivered to the Underwriters the Trust Agreement
with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement.

15

2.23 Warrant Agreement.
On the date of this Agreement, the Company has entered into and delivered to the Underwriters a warrant agreement with respect to the
Warrants underlying the Units and the Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units and certain other warrants that
may be issued by the Company with Continental substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Warrant
Agreement).

2.24 No Existing Non-Competition
Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer
which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement.

2.25 Investments.
No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after
taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26 Investment Company
Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the
net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business
entity.

2.28 Related Party
Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other
hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances
for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of
the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit,
or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29 No Influence.
The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully
influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30 Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations
promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31 Distribution of
Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date
and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other
than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

16

2.32 Listing on Nasdaq.
The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution,
on Nasdaq, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.33 Board of Directors.
As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors
or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management.
As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company.
As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34 Emerging Growth
Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined
in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35 No Disqualification
Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer
of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to
(viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to
the Representative a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36 Free-Writing Prospectus
and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
as defined in Rule 405 under the Act. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication (as defined below)
other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers
within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under
the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative
and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than
those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with
potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company
covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

17

3.2 Federal Securities
Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all
requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from
time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the
provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities
is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for the Representative, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or
omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the
Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1
hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing of Final
Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission pursuant
to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act
Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Class A Ordinary Shares (or any successor
security for which Class A Ordinary Shares are exchangeable in connection with a Business Combination) under the provisions of the
Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until the
Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or, in the case of the Warrants, until the Warrants expire and are no
longer exercisable or have been exercised or redeemed in full. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange
Act without the prior written consent of the Representative prior to the earlier of the Companys liquidation or the Business Combination.

3.2.4 Exchange Act
Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution,
the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain
material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and
related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over
the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus.
The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405
under the Act, without the prior consent of the Representative.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters
of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus
is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

18

3.5 Effectiveness and
Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain
effective and will notify the Representative as promptly as reasonably possible and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance
by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for
offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing
and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the
receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that,
in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein,
and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission
shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the
lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations.
The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i) the Company
or a committee of independent and disinterested members of its board of directors obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from
a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors (if there are any) approve
such transaction.

3.6.2 Compensation
to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees
or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business
Combination.

3.7 Reports to the
Representative. For a period from the Effective Date until such time when the Company either completes its Business Combination or
is required to be liquidated, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such financial statements and other
periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly
furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company files with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every
press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a
copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two copies
of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information
with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably
request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement
which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and their counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information.
Documents filed with or furnished to the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative
pursuant to this Section.

3.8 Transfer Agent.
For a period from the Effective Date until such time when the Company either completes its Business Combination or is required to be liquidated,
the Company shall retain a transfer agent and warrant agent acceptable to the Representative. Continental is acceptable to the Representative.

19

3.9 Payment of Expenses.
The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at Closing Date,
all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to
(i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery
(including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, including any pre- or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and
related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters
in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the
Companys management team, not to exceed $2,500 per person (in the case of investigations and background checks in U.S. jurisdictions)
and $3,000 per person (in the case of investigations and background checks in non-U.S. jurisdictions), (iv) the preparation, printing,
engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Units, including any transfer
or other taxes payable thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA, (vi) fees, costs and expenses
incurred in listing the Securities on Nasdaq or such other share exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine, (vii) all
fees and disbursements of the transfer and warrant agent, (viii) reasonable expenses from all participants (including the Underwriters)
associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations
made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective
investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; (ix) the
documented fees of the Underwriters legal counsel incurred in connection with the review
and qualification of the Offering by FINRA (which amount shall not exceed $15,000); (x) the cost of Ipreo database charges;
and (xi) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which
are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.9, provided that the maximum accountable expense allowance
reimbursed to or paid on behalf of the Underwriters under this section shall not exceed $50,000, which maximum expense allowance shall
not include the documented fees of up to $15,000 of the Underwriters legal counsel to be reimbursed as set forth in subparagraph
(ix) above. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company
on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative prior
to Closing) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason other than a
material breach by the Underwriters of their obligations hereunder, the expenses set forth above paid by the Representative, shall
be reimbursed by the Sponsor or the Company.

In addition, the Company agrees to pay for the
documented costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the Business Combination, including the fees
and expenses of their legal counsel, to the extent provided for in Section 3.32 hereof (which shall not exceed an amount to be
mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Representative at such time).

3.10 Application of
Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Unit Private Placement received by it in a manner materially
consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.11 Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not
later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified
by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy
the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after
the Effective Date. Any financial statements filed or furnished on the Commissions EDGAR website will be considered to be generally
available to security holders for purposes of this Section 3.11.

20

3.12 Notice to the
Representative or FINRA.

3.12.1 Notice to the
Representative. For a period of 60 days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA
affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other
services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as
to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect
to the Offering. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will
be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business
Combination.

3.12.2 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder
of the Company becomes a Participating Member.

3.12.3 Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.13 Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.14 Intentionally
Omitted.

3.15 Payment of Deferred
Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, the Company
agrees that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Representative,
in accordance with Section 1.3. The Representative shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion of the
proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.16 Internal Controls.
The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.17 Auditor. Until
the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the
Company shall retain Withum or another nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm.

3.18 Form 8-K.
The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet
of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the
proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current
Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Additionally, upon
the Companys receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of all or any portion of the Over-allotment Option provided for in Section
1.2 hereof, the Company shall promptly, but not later than four Business Days after the receipt of such proceeds, file a Current Report
on Form 8-K with the Commission, which report shall disclose the Companys sale of the Option Units and its receipt of the
proceeds therefrom, unless the receipt of such proceeds are reflected in the Current Report on Form 8-K referenced in the immediately
prior sentence.

21

3.19 Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of EGS.

3.20 Investment Company.
The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested
only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that
it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be
engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.21 Amendments to
Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify
its Charter Documents, except as set forth therein.

3.22 Press Releases.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld), for a period of 25 days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by
law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.23 Insurance.
The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company,
its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities
or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws) until the consummation
of the Companys Business Combination.

3.24 Electronic Prospectus.
The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later
than two Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection
with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or
supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the
Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period
during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information
as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated
electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate
narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper
format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously
ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the
Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

22

3.25 Private Placement
Proceeds. On or prior to the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds
from the Unit Private Placement and certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Option Private Placement Units, if any, to be deposited
into the Trust Account in accordance with the Purchase Agreements.

3.26 Future Financings.
The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt
financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any
rights in or claims against the Trust Account with respect to such financing.

3.27 Amendments to
Agreements. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Trust
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Warrant Agreement or any Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which will not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld.

3.28 Maintenance of
Nasdaq Listing. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.29 Reservation of
Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants outstanding from time to time.

3.30 Notice of Disqualification
Events. The Company will notify the Representative in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating
to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any
Company Covered Person.

3.31 Clear Market.
For a period of 180 days after the date of the Prospectus, the Company will not (i) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or grant any
option to purchase or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or submit to, or file with, the Commission a registration statement
under the Act relating to, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Warrants or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for any Class A Ordinary Shares or Founder Shares or publicly disclose the intention to undertake any of the foregoing,
or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of
any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for,
Class A Ordinary Shares or Founder Shares owned, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled
by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Representative, except, in each case, that
the Company may (a) issue and sell the Private Placement Units, (b) issue and sell the Option Units on exercise of the option provided
for in Section 1.2.2 hereof (if any), (c) register with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the resale
of the Founder Shares, the Private Placement Units and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class
A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units or warrants issued upon
conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) and (d) issue securities in connection with a Business
Combination. However, the preceding clauses (i) and (ii) shall not apply to the forfeiture of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms
or any transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent
director transferee is subject to the terms of the Insider Letter applicable to directors and officers at the time of such transfer; and
as long as, to the extent any reporting obligation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act is triggered as a result of such transfer, any
related filing includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the transfer). The Representative in its sole discretion may release
or waive the transfer restrictions set forth herein at any time without notice.

23

3.32 In connection with
the initial Business Combination, the Company shall, if requested by the Underwriters, (i) provide, or cause the target of the initial
Business Combination to provide, to the Underwriters and their representatives, customary documentation, including (A) all financial
and other records, including any financial forecasts or projections, (B) pertinent corporate documents, (C) material contracts,
(D) documents and information contained in the virtual data room used in connection with the initial Business Combination, and (E)
any other information, certifications or documentation reasonably requested by the Underwriters and their representatives with respect
to the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, in each case, with reasonable advance opportunity to review the foregoing; (ii)
cause appropriate officers, directors and employees of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, and cause representatives of
the Companys and the initial Business Combination targets accountants and auditors, to participate in any due diligence
sessions reasonably requested by the Underwriters in connection with the initial Business Combination; and (iii) provide, and in
the case of the target of the initial Business Combination, cause to provide, customary comfort letters, legal opinions and negative assurance
letters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, each dated as of the effective date of the registration statement
(if applicable), statutory prospectus, prospectus or proxy statement filed in connection with the initial Business Combination and as
of the date of the shareholder vote to approve the initial Business Combination. The Company agrees to pay for the documented costs and
expenses reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the foregoing, including the fees and expenses of their legal counsel,
which shall not exceed an amount to be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Representative at such time. 

3.33 The Company shall
include in any Business Combination agreement (i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from
the Business Combination, of all of the Companys indemnification obligations under Section 5 hereof and (ii) that the Underwriters
may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto. 

3.34 In connection with
the initial Business Combination, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the target of the initial Business Combination
to execute and deliver to the Representative a joinder agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative,
pursuant to which it shall join this Agreement as a signatory and a party for purposes of being subject to Section 3.32 hereof,
and as a result, the Companys obligations to cause the Target to take such actions shall cease to be of force or effect.

3.35 The Company acknowledges
and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain from taking
any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself,
in its sole discretion and only pursuant to a separate, definitive written agreement between such Underwriter and the Company or another
Registrant.

3.36 The Company shall
(i) (A) provide the Underwriters and their representatives with notice of filing of, and a reasonable advance opportunity to
review and comment on, any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering
document, including exhibits and financial statements included or incorporated by reference therein or any amendment or supplement thereto,
to be filed with or furnished to the Commission in connection with the initial Business Combination (each, a Business Combination
Disclosure Document), prior to each such filing, (B) provide each Underwriter and its representatives a reasonable advance
opportunity to review and comment on any publicly-disseminated document that names or describes such Underwriter, whether or not such
document is filed, (C) give reasonable consideration to accepting any comments made by the Underwriters and their representatives
in respect of such Business Combination Disclosure Documents, and (D) consider in good faith including in any such filing, document
or response all comments reasonably proposed by the Underwriters and their representatives; provided that any information
naming or describing an Underwriter must be in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to such Underwriter; and (ii) upon the
request by the Underwriters, promptly file an amendment to any Business Combination Disclosure Document, filed in connection with the
initial Business Combination, to correct any information to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in
any material respect, or to correct any material omissions therefrom.

24

4. Conditions of Underwriters
Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance
in all material respects by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance.
By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received a letter of no objections from FINRA as to the terms and arrangements and
the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Commission
Stop Order. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any
order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to
the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Approval for
Listing on Nasdaq. The Securities shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence
of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company Counsel
Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date
and Option Closing Date Opinions of U.S. Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall
have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of Loeb & Loeb LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory
to the Representative and Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, as well as the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter of Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative for
the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2 Closing Date
and Option Closing Date Opinions of Cayman Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall
have received the favorable opinion of Ogier (Cayman) LLP , dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed
to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and
EGS.

4.2.3 Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written
statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the
corporate existence or good standing of the Company; provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered
to the Representatives counsel if requested. The opinion of counsel for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that
it may be relied upon by counsel for the Underwriters in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

25

4.3 Comfort Letter.
At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all
respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative
from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that
they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations;

4.3.2 Stating that in
their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations
thereunder;

4.3.3 Stating that, on
the basis of their review, a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees
of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters
and other specified procedures and inquiries, or at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option
Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders
equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the September 30, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus;

4.3.4 Setting forth,
at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial
papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5 Stating that they
have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information
pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to
the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including
work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the
application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement; and

4.3.6 Statements as
to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or EGS may reasonably request, including
that Withum is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

26

4.4 Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, and the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and complied
with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or
the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such
date and that, as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other and further certificates
of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Chief Executives
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and
effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect
and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and
the Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq, (v) as
to the accuracy and completeness, to the Companys knowledge (assuming reasonable inquiry) of the certificates specified in Section
4.4.1 hereof, and (vi) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall
be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes.
Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or
otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider
before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as
set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings
therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and
(iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall
contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform
in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

4.6 Delivery of Agreements.
On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents and all of
the Insider Letters.

27

5. Indemnification.

5.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Underwriters
and their affiliates, and each dealer selected by the Underwriters that participates in the offer and sale of the Securities (each a
Selected Dealer) and each of their respective directors, officers, agents, partners, members and employees and each
person, if any, who controls within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act (Controlling
Person) any Underwriter, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever as incurred to which they
or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws
of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the
Registration Statement, the Business Combination Disclosure Documents, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented, including, but not limited to any information deemed to
be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430A, Rule 430B or Rule 430C); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or
with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Securities, including any road show
or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); (iii) any application or other
document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company
or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities
laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any foreign or state securities commission or agency, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), any other securities exchange
or the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the OTCBB); or (iv) any post-effective amendments to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus or new Registration Statement or Prospectus filed by the Company with the Commission, any state securities commission
or agency, OTCBB or any securities exchange; or (v) the omission or alleged omission from the Registration Statement, the Business
Combination Disclosure Documents, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or subsequent
filing by the Company under clause (iv) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse each Underwriter, its affiliates, each
Selected Dealer and each of their respective directors, officers, partners, agents, members and employees and each Controlling Person,
if any, for any and all reasonable expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Underwriters) as
such expenses are incurred by each Underwriter, its affiliates, such Selected Dealer or each of their respective directors, officers,
partners, agents, members and employees or such Controlling Person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising
or paying any such loss, claim damage, liability, expense or action, whether or not any such person is a party to any such claim or action
and including any and all reasonable legal and other expenses incurred in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena
or otherwise; provided, however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or
expenses to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon (vi) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect
to an Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or in any application, as the case may be,
or the jurisdictions listed in the section entitled Underwriting in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus
including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, as the case may be; (y) the
use of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus in violation of any stop order or other notice received by the Underwriters indicating
the then current Prospectus is not to be used in connection with the sale of any Securities or (z) the Underwriters otherwise failing
in its prospectus delivery obligations. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation
or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or Controlling Persons in connection with the issue and sale of
the Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement
set forth in this Section 5.1 shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have.

28

5.2 Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and each Controlling Person of the Company, if any, against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the Underwriter, as incurred, but only with respect
to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus
including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon,
and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to, the Underwriters by or on behalf of the Underwriters
expressly for use in, the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any such application, and to reimburse the Company or any such director, officer or Controlling
Person, if any, for any and all expenses as such expenses are reasonably incurred, in connection with investigating, defending, settling,
compromising or paying any such loss, claim damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the obligation
of each Underwriter to indemnify the Company (including any director, officer or Controlling Person thereof), shall be limited to the
commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it pursuant to this Agreement. The Company
hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus including the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto,
shall consist solely of the Underwriters Information. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 5.2 shall be in
addition to any liabilities that the Underwriter may otherwise have.

5.3 Notifications and
Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 5 of notice of the commencement
of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 5,
notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will
not relieve it from liability under Sections 5.1 or 5.2 above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such
action and such failure results in the forfeiture by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not,
in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided
in Sections 5.1 or 5.2 above. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified
party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to
the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified
party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory
to such indemnified party; provided, however, that (a) if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified
party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions
of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available
to it and/or other indemnified parties that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, or (b) the
indemnifying party agrees to such separate representation, then, in each case, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to
select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified
party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election
so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to
such indemnified party under this Section 5 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in
connection with the defense thereof unless (iii) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the
provision to the preceding sentence reasonably approved by the indemnifying party (or by the Underwriter in the case of Section 5.2),
representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action, (iv) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel
satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the
action, or (v) the indemnifying party is not defending such action in good faith, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel
shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense
of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (as well as one local counsel for each applicable
jurisdiction) for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of
any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect
to such claim.

29

5.4 Settlements.
The indemnifying party under this Section 5 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written
consent, which shall not be withheld, delayed or conditioned unreasonably, but if settled with such consent or if there is a final judgment
for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense
by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested
an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 5.3 hereof,
the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such
settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying
party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying
party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of
judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party
and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes
an unconditional written release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit
or proceeding and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf
of any indemnified party.

5.5 Contribution.

5.5.1 Contribution
Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Act in any case in which (i) any person entitled to
indemnification under this Section 5 makes claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry
of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right
of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 5 provides for
indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any
such person in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Section 5, then, and in each such case, each Underwriter
shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement
incurred by the Company and each Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportion as is represented by the percentage of the underwriting
discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus as compared to the offering price per Unit and the Company shall be responsible
for the balance; provided, that, no person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act)
with respect to any action or claim shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation
with respect to such action or claim. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any reason,
the Company and the Underwriters shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and
the Underwriters in connection with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well
as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and the Underwriters shall be determined by reference
to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state
a material fact relates to information furnished by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.5.1,
no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection
with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this Section, each director,
officer, agent, partner, member and employee of an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, and each person, if any, who controls an
Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act, shall have the same rights to contribution
as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable.

30

5.5.2 Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(Contributing Party), notify the Contributing Party of the commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify the
Contributing Party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder.
In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a Contributing Party or its representative
of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the Contributing Party will be entitled to participate therein with the
notifying party and any other Contributing Party similarly notified. Any such Contributing Party shall not be liable to any party seeking
contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding effected by such party seeking contribution on account of
any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding without the written consent of such Contributing Party. The contribution provisions
contained in this Section are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Act, the Exchange
Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.5 are several and
not joint.

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if
the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units,
the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default
relates on the terms contained herein. If within one Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative
does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one Business Day within
which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that
neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6,
this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided
in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5
hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters
and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3 Postponement of
Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby
be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements,
and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been
a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

31

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares
or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Class A Ordinary
Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the
Company which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Class A Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver
Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation
of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing
whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any
definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established
the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $175,875,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option), for the
benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Class A
Ordinary Shares contained in the Public Securities in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination or amendments to the
Charter Documents as described in the Prospectus, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys liquidation
of the Trust Account if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents
and the Prospectus, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for
and in consideration of the Company (iv) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination
with it or (v) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does
not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives
any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and
will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the
Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of
Directors.

7.3 Insider Letters.
The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of any of the Insider Letters and will not
allow any waivers of such Insider Letters without the written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed,
conditioned or withheld.

7.4 Trust Agreement
Matters. The Company agrees that the Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction
signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account,
prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination,
and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.5 Rule 419. The
Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to
the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys
outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during
such period.

32

7.6 Emerging Growth
Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior
to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7 Target Net Assets.
The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the assets held in
the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes
payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commission). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors
of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash
flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the Target Business meets such
fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion
as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient
fair market value.

8. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained
in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date,
if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained
in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling Person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery
of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the 7th
anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements
shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective Date of This Agreement and
Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective Date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

9.2 Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, if (i) any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future
materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; (ii) trading on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global
Select Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, NYSE or the NYSE American or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum
prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices
for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction;
(iii) the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities; (iv) a banking
moratorium has been declared by New York State or a Federal authority; (v) a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared
which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market; (vi) the Company shall have sustained a material loss by
fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including without limitation, a calamity relating to
a public health matter or natural disaster) or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives
sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units; (vii) the Company is in material breach of any of its
representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation as
a result of terrorist activities or other calamity (including without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural
disaster) or crisis either within or outside the United States, or a material increase in any of the foregoing, after the date hereof,
as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units
or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

33

9.3 Expenses. In
the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated
herein shall be governed by Section 3.9 hereof.

9.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or
termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices. All
communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand
or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed, or by electronic
transmission via PDF, and shall be deemed given when so transmitted, mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

BTIG, LLC

65 E. 55th Street

New York, New York, 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Email: iblegal@btig.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

If to the Company:

NewHold Investment Corp III

53 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005

New York, New York 10017

Attn: Kevin Charlton, Chief Executive Officer

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

34

10.2 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5 Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Selected Dealers,
the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5
hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The
term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

10.6 Waiver of Immunity.
To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder,
to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of
execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder
and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the
Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.7 Submission to
Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or
United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities.
Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon
the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service
and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the
Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect
thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court.
The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating
to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such
action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

35

10.8 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

10.9 Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

10.10 Waiver. The
failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to
be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any
of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties
against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall
be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No Fiduciary
Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an
arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in
connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent
or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company
with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised
or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth
in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company,
its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have
undertaken in furtherance of this offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the
Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim
any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees
that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty
to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are
each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed
by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the
price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives
and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any
breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

36

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

NewHold Investment Corp III 

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton

Name: Kevin Charlton

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted on the date first above written. 

BTIG, LLC, 

as Representative of the several underwriters 

By: /s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

37

SCHEDULE A

NewHold Investment Corp III

17,500,000 Units

Underwriter Number of Firm Units 

to be Purchased 

BTIG, LLC 17,500,000 

TOTAL 17,500,000 

38

SCHEDULE B

Investor Presentation (February 2025).

39
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex3-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

Companies
Act (Revised)

of the Cayman Islands 

Company
Limited by Shares

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

NEWHOLD
INVESTMENT CORP III

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Companies
Act (Revised)

of the Cayman Islands

Company
Limited by Shares

Amended
and Restated Memorandum of Association

of

NewHold
Investment Corp III

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

1 The
name of the Company is NewHold Investment Corp III.

2 The
registered office of the Company shall be at the offices of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited,
89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands, or at such other place
within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide.

3 The
objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have
full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman
Islands.

4 The
liability of each Member is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on such Members
shares.

5 The
share capital of the Company is US$50,000 divided into 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001
each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, provided always that,
subject to the Statute and the Company's articles of association, the Company has the power
to do any one or more of the following:

(a) to
redeem or repurchase any of its shares; and

(b) to
increase or reduce its capital; and

(c) to
issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced):

(i) with
or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions;
or

(ii) subject
to any limitations or restrictions,

and
unless the condition of issue expressly declares otherwise, every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise)
is subject to this power; or

(d) to alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations
or restrictions.

6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation
as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands.

7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and
Restated Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of
the Company.

GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Companies Act (Revised)

of the Cayman Islands

Company Limited by Shares

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP
III

(Adopted by special resolution passed on 27 February 2025)

GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

CONTENTS

1 Interpretation 1

2 Commencement of Business 7

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 8

4 Register of Members 8

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 9

6 Certificates for Shares 9

7 Transfer of Shares 10

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 10

9 Treasury Shares 11

10 Variation of Rights of Shares 11

11 Commission on Sale of Shares 12

12 Non-Recognition of Trusts 12

13 Lien on Shares 12

14 Calls on Shares 13

15 Forfeiture of Shares 14

16 Transmission of Shares 15

17 Class B Share Conversion 16

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles and Alteration
of Capital 17

19 Offices and Places of Business 18

20 General Meetings 18

21 Notice of General Meetings 19

22 Advance Notice for Business 19

23 Proceedings at General Meetings 20

24 Votes of Members 21

25 Proxies 22

i GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

35 Minutes 28

36 Delegation of Directors Powers 28

37 No Minimum Shareholding 29

38 Remuneration of Directors 29

39 Seal 30

40 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 30

41 Capitalisation 31

42 Books of Account 32

43 Audit 32

44 Notices 34

45 Winding Up 35

46 Indemnity and Insurance 35

47 Financial Year 36

48 Transfer by Way of Continuation 36

49 Mergers and Consolidations 37

50 Business Combination 37

51 Certain Tax Filings 40

52 Business Opportunities 40

53 Exclusive Jurisdiction 41

ii GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Companies Act (Revised)

of the Cayman Islands

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated
Articles of Association

of

NewHold Investment Corp
III

(Adopted by special resolution
passed on 27 February 2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute
does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of Directors of the Company
established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

1 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least eighty per cent (80%) of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Cause means a conviction for a criminal offence involving dishonesty or engaging in conduct which brings a Director or the Company into disrepute or which results in a material financial detriment to the Company.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above named company.

2 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Companys Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name,
if any.

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Completion Window means the period of time:

(a) commencing on, and including, the closing date of the IPO; and

(b) ending on the date that is twenty four (24) months after the closing date of the IPO, such earlier date as the Directors may approve in accordance with the Articles or such later date as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles.

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including, but not limited to, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, the NYSE MKT LLC, the New York Stock Exchange LLC or any over-the-counter (OTC) market.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means,

including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable
or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing
transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

3 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee means any nominating and corporate governance committee of the board
of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution:

(a) passed by a simple majority of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a
general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which
each Member is entitled; or

(b) approved in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote on such matter at a general
meeting of the Company (or such lower threshold as may be allowed under the Statute from time to
time).

4 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional fifteen per cent (15%) of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Directors by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the Register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate Register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Representative means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution means a special resolution of the Company passed in accordance with the Statute, being a resolution:

(a) passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds, other than with respect to amending either of Articles 30.1 or 48.2 (except where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of a Business Combination) where such majority shall be at least ninety per cent (90%), of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled; or

5 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

(b) approved in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company (or such lower threshold as may be allowed under the Statute from time to time).

Sponsor means NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any
Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury
Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of units simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 In the Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa;

6 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine
gender;

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural
person;

(d) written
and in writing include all modes of representing
or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may
shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references
to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including,
include, in
particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding
those terms;

(h) the term and/or
is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects
qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted
to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise
requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the
Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form
of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the
execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Act;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the term clear
days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed
to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) the term holder
in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2 Commencement of Business

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after
incorporation of the Company as the Directors shall see fit.

7 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any
existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with
or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return
of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the
Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of
Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion
set out in the Articles.

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional
Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from
time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from
one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier
date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a
press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising
such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4 Register of Members

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain
one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall
constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time
to time.

8 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination
of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall
be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6 Certificates for Shares

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

9 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery.

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the
case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement
of a Share transfer with the Company.

7 Transfer of Shares

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in
conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the
other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer
of such right, option, warrant or unit.

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or
transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the
Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members.

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable,
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the
option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such
other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing
the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the
redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

10 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

(b) Class B Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered
by the Founders on a pro rata basis for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that
the Founders will own 25% of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement
simultaneously with the IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer
in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof.

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable,
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner
and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member or in the manner set out in the Business Combination Article
hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above
shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its
own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration
of any fully paid Share.

9 Treasury Shares

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender
of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or
transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10 Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital
of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of
the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds
of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Share Conversion Article hereof,
which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or
with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders
of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may
not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions
of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding
or representing by proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person
or by proxy may demand a poll.

11 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of
Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals
under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights
shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied: (i) by the creation
or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares
issued with preferred or other rights; or (ii) where the constitutional documents of the Company are amended or new constitutional documents
of the Company are adopted, in each case, as a result of the Company undertaking a transfer by way of continuation to a jurisdiction outside
the Cayman Islands.

11 Commission on Sale of Shares

The Company may,
in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether
absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such
commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue
of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

12 Non-Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall
not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any
Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an
absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 Lien on Shares

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all
Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities
or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any
other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions
of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The
Companys lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

12 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a
lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been
received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy
of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the
holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall
his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale
under the Articles.

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently
payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 Calls on Shares

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members
in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified
the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be
required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the
subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and
in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of
the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

13 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account
of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles
shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or
the interest to be paid.

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any
part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest
at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of
a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such payment,
become payable.

15 Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may
give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together
with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify
where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will
be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment
required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other
distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the
Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies
which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the
Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and
payable by him in respect of those Shares.

14 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on
a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The
certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title
to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share.

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which,
by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium
as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission of Shares

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives
(where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased
Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect,
by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered
as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of
transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as
they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution,
as the case may be.

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution
of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages
to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share,
be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors
may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him
be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received
or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends, other
distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

15 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

17 Class B Share Conversion

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects,
and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of
Shares Article, the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article and the Transfer by Way of Continuation Article) with the exception that
the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 Class B Shares may be converted into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis prior to the consummation of
a Business Combination at the option of the holder.

17.3 Any Class B Shares not converted into Class A Shares pursuant to Article 17.2 above shall automatically
convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio) concurrently with or immediately following the
consummation of a Business Combination.

17.4 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other
Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, in excess of the amounts issued in the IPO (including pursuant to the Over-Allotment
Option) and related to or in connection with the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert
into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class
A Shares will be adjusted so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate,
25% of the sum of:

(a) the total number of all Class A Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO (including any Class A Shares
issued pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option and excluding any Class A Shares underlying the private placement units issued to the Sponsor);
plus

(b) all Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued related to or in connection with
the closing of a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business
Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or an Affiliate of the Sponsor or to the Companys
officers and Directors upon the conversion of working capital loans made to the Company; minus

(c) the number of Public Shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination.

16 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

17.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written
consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class
in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.6 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share split,
subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share
split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of Shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a
proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

17.7 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro-rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro-rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such number
of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of
Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which
shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

17.8 References in this Article to "converted", "conversion" or "exchange"
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.9 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event shall any Class B Share convert
into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one for one.

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles and Alteration of Capital

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid- up Shares of
any denomination;

17 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital
into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to
the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as
the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be
dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 48.2, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles (subject to Article 48.2);

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19 Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the
provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may,
in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20 General Meetings

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general
meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall
be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general
meetings and, for the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly provided in Article 20.4 below, Members shall not have the ability to call general meetings.

18 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

20.4 If at any time there are no Directors, any two (2) Members
(or if there is only one (1) Member then that Member) entitled to vote at general meetings of the Company may convene a general meeting
in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general meetings may be convened by the Directors.

21 Notice of General Meetings

21.1 At least five (5) clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify
the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall
be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent (95%) in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice of a general
meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting.

22 Advance Notice for Business

22.1 Members seeking to bring business before an annual general meeting of the Company, or to nominate candidates
for appointment as Directors at an annual general meeting, must provide written notice of such business to the Company. Such notice must
be received by the Company by the Company's secretary (or, if none is appointed, any other Officer) at its principal office no later than
the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 150th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual general meeting. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in the annual proxy statement
must comply with the notice periods contained therein.

22.2 To be in proper written form, a Members notice to the Company's secretary (or, if none is appointed,
any other Officer) with respect to any business (other than nominations) must set forth as to each such matter such Member proposes to
bring before the annual general meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual general meeting,
the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event such business
includes a proposal to amend these Articles, the language of the proposed amendment) and the reasons for conducting such business at the
annual general meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such Member and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose
behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the class and number of Shares that are owned beneficially and of record by such Member and by the
beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such
Member and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and any other person or persons (including their names)
in connection with the proposal of such business by such Member, (v) any material interest of such Member and the beneficial owner, if
any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in such business and (vi) a representation that such Member intends to appear in person or by
proxy at the annual general meeting to bring such business before the annual general meeting.

19 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

23 Proceedings at General Meetings

23.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of at least
one-third of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised
representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

23.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment
by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general
meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

23.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had
been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

23.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence or
if during such a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same
time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is
not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

23.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person
to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of
the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present
within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect
one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. The chairman from time to time may adopt certain rules and regulations for the conduct
of meetings as he or she sees fit.

20 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

23.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

23.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

23.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

23.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

23.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy
forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general meeting
which has already been postponed.

23.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

23.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

23.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and
any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

23.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

24 Votes of Members

24.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Articles 30.1 and 48, every
Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder.

21 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

24.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

24.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Members behalf appointed by that court,
and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

24.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid.

24.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

24.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non- natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

24.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments
may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from
voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

25 Proxies

25.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its
duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

25.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 

22 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

25.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to
have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have
been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid.

25.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors
may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

25.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the
transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it
is sought to use the proxy.

26 Corporate Members

26.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks
fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual
Member.

26.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

23 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

27 Shares that may not be Voted

Shares in the Company
that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining
the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

28 Directors

There shall be
a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that, subject to the requirement to have at least one Director,
the Directors may from time to time fix the maximum and minimum number of Directors to be appointed by resolution of the board of Directors.

29 Powers of Directors

29.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Company. No
alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present
may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

29.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments
and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in
such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

29.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any
Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions
to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

29.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock,
mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

30 Appointment and Removal of Directors

30.1 Subject to Article 28, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution
of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares
remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have
no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

24 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

30.2 Subject to Article 28, the Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy
or as an additional Director.

30.3 Subject to Article 28, after the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution
appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

30.4 The Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively.
Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the board of Directors. At the first
annual general meeting of the Company, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected
for a full term of three (3) years. At the second annual general meeting of the Company, the term of office of the Class II Directors
shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the third annual general meeting of the Company,
the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years.
At each succeeding annual general meeting of the Company, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years to succeed the
Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual general meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each
Director shall hold office until the expiration of his term, until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his
earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the board of Directors shall shorten the term
of any incumbent Director.

31 Vacation of Office of Director

31.1 The office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three
consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution
that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally;
or

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a Director for Cause (and not otherwise), either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly
convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

25 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

32 Proceedings of Directors

32.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless
so fixed shall be two if there are two or more Directors, and shall be one if there is only one Director.

32.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall
have a second or casting vote.

32.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the
same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined
by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

32.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of
a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office
by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as
if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened and held.

32.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors
by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be
considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting
of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis
mutandis.

32.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any
vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary
quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to
such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

32.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office;
but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall,
notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or
any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person
had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled to
vote, as the case may be.

26 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

32.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing
by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing
Director.

33 Presumption of Assent

A Director who
is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to
the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such
action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent
by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director
who voted in favour of such action.

34 Directors Interests

34.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor)
in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

34.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the
Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director.

34.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted
by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director shall
be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest
in, such other company.

34.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting
with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by
or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director
so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising in connection with any
such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest
of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

27 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

34.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm
or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes
of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall
not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

35 Minutes

The Directors shall
cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings
at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the
names of the Directors present at each meeting.

36 Delegation of Directors Powers

36.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate,
to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation and as applicable, the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions
the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or
altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles
regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

36.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager
or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies.
Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion
of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings
of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they
are capable of applying.

36.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and
assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things
necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may
delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee,
the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of
Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the
rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the
Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall be made up
of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law.

28 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

36.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company
on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be
revoked by the Directors at any time.

36.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose
and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and
for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors
may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in him.

36.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise
specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his
office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office.

37 No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in
general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification
is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

38 Remuneration of Directors

38.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall
determine. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all
travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of Directors or committees
of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company,
or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance
in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

29 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

38.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which
in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney
or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director.

39 Seal

39.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority
of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall
be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

39.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals
each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on its face
of the name of every place where it is to be used.

39.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the
Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or to
be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

40 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve

40.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any
Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or
other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend
shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company,
out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

40.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank
for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

40.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money
(if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

40.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the
distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities
of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the
Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for
distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the
basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such
manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

30 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

40.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may
be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required and how
any costs involved are to be met.

40.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as
they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company
and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

40.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be
paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder or,
in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person
and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order
of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

40.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

40.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after
six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid
into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that
account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any Dividend or other distribution which remains
unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and
shall revert to the Company.

41 Capitalisation

The Directors
may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the
share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or
otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible
amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on
their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid- up
to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to
such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming
distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to
the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement
with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such
authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

31 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

42 Books of Account

42.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation
including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in
respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper
books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the
state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

42.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions
or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and
no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred
by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

42.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and
loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law.

43 Audit

43.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors
determine.

43.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and
regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and
shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual
basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

32 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

43.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee
for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

43.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

43.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

43.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for
the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

43.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

43.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

43.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non- compliance is
identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or
otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

43.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert
as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment
experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background
which results in the individuals financial sophistication.

33 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

44 Notices

44.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending
it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is
given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

44.2 Where a notice is sent by:

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on
which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public
holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting
the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) placing it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

44.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled
to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are required to be
given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the
bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option
of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

34 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

44.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder
of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint holders
the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership
of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but
for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices
of general meetings.

45 Winding Up

45.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a
winding up:

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne
by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the
whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the
Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those
Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

45.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in
kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members.
The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of
the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon
which there is a liability.

46 Indemnity and Insurance

46.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the
Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person) shall to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim,
demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act
or failure to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own
actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred
by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through
the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual
fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a
finding to that effect.

35 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

46.2 Each Member specifically agrees to waive any claim or right of action such Member might have, whether
individually or by, or in, the right of the Company, against any Director or Officer in connection with new or competing merger bids or
proposals which are proffered to the Board at any time after the execution of a definitive agreement concerning a Business Combination
provided that such waiver shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty in relation to the Company which may attach
to such Director or Officer.

46.3 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person
for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute
an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or other final adjudication that
such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or
other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses,
then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the
Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person.

46.4 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director
or other Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence,
default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

47 Financial Year

Unless the Directors
otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation,
shall begin on 1st January in each year.

48 Transfer by Way of Continuation

48.1 If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute
and with the approval of a Special Resolution passed in accordance with this Article 48, have the power to register by way of continuation
as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

36 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

48.2 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, only the Class B Shares shall carry the right to vote
on any resolution of the shareholders to approve any transfer by way of continuation pursuant to this Article (including any Special Resolution
required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as
a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands).

49 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall
have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the
Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

50 Business Combination

50.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and the full distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

50.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a
per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares.

50.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission
prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a
general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

50.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination.

37 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

50.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, in connection
with any vote on a proposed Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash in accordance with any applicable
requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption) including, without limitation, such requirements
with respect to the deadline for making such election (the Election Deadline), provided that (a) no such Member, together with
any Affiliate of such Member or any other person with whom such Member is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act) may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than fifteen per cent (15%) of the Public Shares
in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and (b) if the Company requires in its sole discretion, any holder that holds
Public Shares beneficially through a nominee must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to
validly redeem such Public Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the board of Directors may, at any time and either before or
after the initially scheduled vote on a Business Combination, in its sole discretion extend the Election Deadline to a later date and
may extend an Election Deadline which has already been extended. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless
of whether he is abstaining from voting on or voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by
the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), subject to Applicable
Law, but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated.

50.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors determine
(in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole or in part).

50.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the Completion Window,
the Company shall:

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully
available funds, redeem the Public Shares, at a per- Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish
public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) subject to applicable
law; and

38 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each
case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
requirements of Applicable Law.

50.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction
with the consummation of, a Business Combination:

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business
Combination within the Completion Window; or

(b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to (i) the rights of holders of Class A Shares;
or (ii) pre-initial Business Combination activity,

each holder of
Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
upon the effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of
Public Shares then in issue, subject to Applicable Law.

50.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the
Trust Account.

50.10 Except in connection with the conversion of Class B Shares into Class A Shares pursuant to Article 17
where the holders of such Shares have waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account, after the issue of Public Shares, and
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would
entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

50.11 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

39 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

50.12 The Company shall not enter into an initial Business Combination solely with another blank cheque company
or a similar company with nominal operations.

50.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is an Affiliate of the Sponsor
(including its members), an Officer or a Director. In the event the Company seeks to complete a Business Combination with a target business
that is an Affiliate of the Sponsor (including its members), an Officer or a Director, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors,
shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
stating that the consideration to be paid by the Company in such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point
of view.

51 Certain Tax Filings

Each Tax Filing
Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax
forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal
governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company
and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any
such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

52 Business Opportunities

52.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, none of the Sponsor or any individual serving as a
Director or an Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from
engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to
participate in, any potential transaction or matter which (a) may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the
Company, on the other or (b) the presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of a member of Management to any other
entity. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no
duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach
of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate
opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information
regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

52.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law the
Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any
potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director
and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

40 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586

52.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that
is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in
the past.

52.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, such renouncement shall not apply to any business
opportunity that is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a Director or Officer of the Company and it is an
opportunity the Company is able to complete on a reasonable basis.

53 Exclusive Jurisdiction

53.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman
Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles
or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former Director,
Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum or the Articles;
or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

53.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over
all such claims or disputes.

53.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

53.4 This Article 53 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created
by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States
of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim. 

41 GCMLAW-15344822.3 

Filed: 03-Mar-2025 11:05 EST

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 412846 Auth Code: G63709864586
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex4-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT AGREEMENT

THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of February 27, 2025, is by and between NewHold Investment Corp III , a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation,
as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent, and also referred to herein as the Transfer
Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company
is engaged in an initial public offering (the Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities,
each such unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant (as defined below) (the Units) and, in connection therewith,
has determined to issue and deliver up to 8,750,000 warrants (or up to 10,062,500 warrants if the Over-allotment Option (as defined below)
is exercised in full) to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Company
entered into that certain Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Sponsor), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 537,500
private placement units (or 552,600 private placement units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) simultaneously with the
closing of the Offering (the Sponsor Private Placement Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, and in connection therewith, the issuance of up to 268,750 warrants (or 276,300 warrants if the Over-allotment Option is exercised
in full) underlying the Private Placement Units (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants), each bearing the
legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto;

WHEREAS, the Company
entered into that certain Underwriter Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with BTIG, LLC (the Lead Underwriter),
pursuant to which the Lead Underwriter agreed to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 private placement units (or 227,500 private placement
units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the Lead Underwriter Private Placement Units,
collectively with the Sponsor Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Units) simultaneously with the
closing of the Offering at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, and, in connection therewith, the issuance of up to
87,500 warrants (or 113,750 warrants if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) underlying the Private Placement
Units (the Lead Underwriter Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants,
the Private Placement Warrants), each bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto;

WHEREAS, the Company
was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination);

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor or the Companys officers and directors (collectively, the Initial Purchasers) may, but
are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into up to an additional 150,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the Working Capital Units), which will
be identical to the Private Placement Units, and in connection with the issuance of Working Capital Units, the issuance of up to 75,000
warrants (the Working Capital Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants,
the Warrants);

WHEREAS, each Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein;

WHEREAS, the Company
has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form
S-1, File No. 333-284114 (the Registration Statement), and a prospectus (the Prospectus),
for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Units, the
Public Warrants and the Class A Shares included in the Units;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance,
registration, transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective
rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and
things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned
by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for
the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Warrants.

2.1. Form of Warrant. Each Warrant shall be issued in registered form only, and, if a physical certificate
is issued, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be
signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairperson of the Companys board of directors (the Board),
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or other principal officer of the Company. In the event the person
whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the
Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of
issuance. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more book-entry certificates (each, a Book-Entry
Warrant Certificate).

2.2. Effect of Countersignature. If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned
by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant certificate shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the
holder thereof.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register)
for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants,
the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise
in accordance with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented
by one or more Book-Entry Warrant Certificates deposited with The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary)
and registered in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of the Depositary. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall
be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depositary or its nominee for
each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or (ii) institutions that have accounts with the Depositary (each such institution, with respect
to a Warrant in its account, a Participant).

If the Depositary subsequently ceases
to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making
other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary
to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to deliver
to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver
to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants (Definitive Warrant Certificate).
Such Definitive Warrant Certificate shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit
B, with appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as provided above.

2

2.3.2. Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company
and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered
Holder) as the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of
ownership or other writing on a Definitive Warrant Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose
of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to
the contrary.

2.4. Detachability of Warrants. The Class A Shares and Public Warrants comprising the Units shall begin
separate trading on the 52nd day following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday
or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a Business Day),
then on the immediately succeeding Business Day following such date, or earlier (the Detachment Date) with
the consent of the Lead Underwriter, as representative of the several underwriters, but in no event shall the Class A Shares and the Public
Warrants comprising the Units be separately traded until the Company issues a press release and files with the Commission a Current Report
on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin. The Private Placement Units shall be eligible to be separated into their
component Class A Shares and Warrants on the Detachment Date. Holders of Warrants shall contact the Transfer Agent in order to effect
such separation.

2.5. No Fractional Warrants Other Than as Part of Units. The Company shall not issue fractional Warrants
other than as part of the Units, each of which is comprised of one Class A Share and one-half of one Public Warrant. If, upon the detachment
of Public Warrants from the Units or otherwise, a holder of Warrants would be entitled to receive a fractional Warrant, the Company shall
round down to the nearest whole number the number of Warrants to be issued to such holder.

2.6. Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants and Working
Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Public Warrants, except that until the date that is thirty (30) days after the completion by
the Company of an initial Business Combination the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants may not be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders thereof, other than:

2.6.1. to the Companys or Lead Underwriters officers or directors, any affiliate or family member
of any of the Companys or Lead Underwriters officers or directors, any members or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates,
any affiliates of the Sponsor, the Lead Underwriter or any employees of such affiliates;

2.6.2. in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individuals immediate family or to a
trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such individual or to a charitable
organization;

2.6.3. in the case of an individual, by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person;

2.6.4. in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order;

2.6.5. by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement,
in connection with an extension of the timeframe for the Company to consummate a Business Combination or in connection with the consummation
of an initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the Warrants were originally purchased;

2.6.6. by pro rata distributions from the Sponsor or Lead Underwriter. to its respective members, partners or
stockholders pursuant to the Sponsors or Lead Underwriters limited liability company agreement or other charter documents;

3

2.6.7. by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the limited liability company agreement of the Sponsor
upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of the Lead Underwriter;

2.6.8. in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business Combination;

2.6.9. to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible
under clauses 2.6.1 through 2.6.7 above;

2.6.10. to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial Business
Combination; and

2.6.11. in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses 2.6.1 through
2.6.7, and 2.6.9 these transferees (the Permitted Transferees) enter into a written agreement
with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions in this Agreement and the other restrictions contained in the letter
agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the Lead Underwriter and the Companys officers and
directors.

2.7. Working Capital Warrants. Each of the Working Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants.

3. Terms and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1. Warrant Price. Each Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions
of such Warrant and of this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5, to purchase from the Company the number
of Class A Shares stated therein, at the price of $11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and
in the last sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per
share (including in cash or by payment of Warrants pursuant to a cashless exercise, to the extent permitted hereunder) described
in the prior sentence at which the Class A Shares may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion
may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business
Days (unless otherwise required by the Commission, any national securities exchange on which the Warrants are listed or applicable law),
provided, that the Company shall provide at least three (3) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of
the Warrants and, provided further that any such reduction shall be identical among all of the Warrants.

3.2. Duration of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise
Period) (A) commencing on the date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a Business
Combination, and terminating on the earliest to occur of: (x) 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is five (5) years after the
date on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination, (y) the liquidation of the Company, and (z) with respect to a redemption
pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof, 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Redemption Date (as defined below) as provided in Section
6.2 hereof (the Expiration Date); provided, however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject
to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 below, with respect to an effective registration
statement or a valid exemption therefrom being available. Each outstanding Warrant not exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall
become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City time
on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the Expiration Date; provided,
that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants
and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration among all the Warrants.

4

3.3. Exercise of Warrants.

3.3.1. Payment. Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, including without limitation,
subsection 3.3.5, a Warrant may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering to the Warrant Agent at its corporate
trust department (i) the Definitive Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrants to be exercised, or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant
Certificate, the Warrants to be exercised (the Book-Entry Warrants) on the records of the Depositary to an
account of the Warrant Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes in writing by the Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time
to time, (ii) an election to purchase (Election to Purchase) Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a
Warrant, properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse of the Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case
of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance with the Depositarys procedures, and (iii)
payment in full of the Warrant Price for each Class A Share as to which the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due
in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant for the Class A Shares and the issuance of such Class A Shares,
as follows:

(a) in lawful money of the United States, in good bank draft or good certified check payable to the order
of the Warrant Agent or by wire transfer of immediately available funds;

(b) in the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6 hereof in which the Companys board of
directors (the Board) has elected to require all holders of the Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless
basis, by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product
of the number of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value, as defined in
this subsection 3.3.1(b), over the Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(b)
and Section 6.3, the Fair Market Value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A Shares for the
ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the
Warrants, pursuant to Section 6 hereof; or

(c) on a cashless basis as provided in Section 7.4 hereof.

3.3.2. Issuance of Class A Shares on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant
and the clearance of the funds in payment of the Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(a)), the Company shall
issue to the Registered Holder of such Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares to
which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it, and if such Warrant shall not
have been exercised in full, a new book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable, for the number of Class A Shares as to
which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. If fewer than all the Warrants evidenced by a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate are exercised,
a notation shall be made to the records maintained by the Depositary, its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or a Participant,
as appropriate, evidencing the balance of the Warrants remaining after such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not be obligated to deliver any Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Shares underlying the Public Warrants is
then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Companys satisfying its obligations under Section
7.4 or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to
issue Class A Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Class A Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder
of the Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant,
the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the Warrant exercise. The Company may require holders of Public Warrants to settle the Warrant on a cashless basis pursuant
to Section 7.4. If, by reason of any exercise of Warrants on a cashless basis, the holder of any Warrant would be
entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a Class A Share, the Company shall round down to the
nearest whole number, the number of Class A Shares to be issued to such holder.

3.3.3. Valid Issuance. All Class A Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with
this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

5

3.3.4. Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable,
for Class A Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Class A Shares on the date on
which the Warrant, or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective
of the date of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment
is a date when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed
to have become the holder of such Class A Shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books
or book-entry system are open.

3.3.5. Maximum Percentage. A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects
to be subject to the provisions contained in this subsection 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to
this subsection 3.3.5 unless he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not
effect the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that
after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which the
holder or its affiliate is a member, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify)(the
Maximum Percentage) of the Class A Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For
purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of Class A Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any
group of which such person and its affiliates is a member, shall include the number of Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Class A Shares that would be issuable upon (x)
exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which
any such person or its affiliates is a member, and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person or its affiliates is a member (including,
without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and the applicable regulations of the Commission. For purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth
in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and applicable regulations of the Commission, and the percentage held by the holder shall be determined
in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. To the extent that a holder makes the election described
in this subsection 3.3.5, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders Warrant, and such holder shall
not have the right to exercise such Warrant unless it provides to the Warrant Agent in its Election to Purchase, a certification that,
upon after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such persons affiliates) or any group of which
such holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the Class A Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with this subsection 3.3.5. For purposes of the Warrant,
in determining the number of outstanding Class A Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Class A Shares as reflected
in (1) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other
public filing with the Commission as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Class A Shares outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written
request of the holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the
number of Class A Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Class A Shares shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number
of outstanding Class A Shares was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or
decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided, however,
that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

6

4. Adjustments.

4.1. Share Capitalizations.

4.1.1. 

Sub-division.
If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the
number of outstanding Class A Shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class
A Shares, or by a sub-division of Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A Shares
issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in
the outstanding Class A Shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders
of the Class A Shares entitling holders to purchase Class A Shares at a price less than the
Historical Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share capitalization
of a number of Class A Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Shares actually
sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such
rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares) and (ii) one
(1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A Share paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1, (i)
if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares,
in determining the price payable for Class A Shares, there shall be taken into account any
consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) Historical Fair Market Value means the
volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading
day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A Shares
trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right
to receive such rights. No Class A Shares shall be issued at less than their par value. 
4.1.2. Extraordinary Dividends. If the Company, at any time while
the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution in
cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of Class A Shares
on account of such Class A Shares (or other shares of the Companys share capital into
which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1
above, (b) Ordinary Cash Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights
of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination,
(d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (as amended from time to time, the Charter) (A)
to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in
connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the
Class A Shares included in the Units sold in the Offering (the Public Shares)
if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the period set forth in
the Charter or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (e) in connection with the redemption
of Public Shares upon the failure of the Company to complete its initial Business Combination
and any subsequent distribution of its assets upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded
event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend),
then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date
of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined
by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A Share
in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2,
Ordinary Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution
which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends
and cash distributions paid on the Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the
date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect
any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding
cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price
or to the number of Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant) does not exceed
$0.50 (being 5% of the offering price of the Units in the Offering) but only with respect
to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than
$0.50. Solely for purposes of illustration, if the Company, at a time while the Warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pays a cash dividend of $0.35 and previously paid an aggregate
of $0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions on the Class A Shares during the 365-day
period ending on the date of declaration of such $0.35 dividend, then the Warrant Price will
be decreased, effectively immediately after the effective date of such $0.35 dividend, by
$0.25 (the absolute value of the difference between $0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash
dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period, including such $0.35
dividend) and $0.50 (the greater of (x) $0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends
and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such $0.35 dividend)).
4.2. Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions
of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of outstanding Class A Shares is decreased by a
consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A Shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse
share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable
on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
Class A Shares.

7

4.2. Adjustments in Warrant Price.

4.2.1. Whenever the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided
in subsection 4.1.1 or Section 4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such
Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Class A Shares purchasable
upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Class
A Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

4.2.2. If (x) the Company issues additional Class A Shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders (as defined in the Prospectus) or their affiliates, without taking
into account any Class B Ordinary Shares (as defined below) held by such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance (the Newly Issued Price)), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A Shares during
the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such
price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
in Section 6.1 below shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 4.4. Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Class A Shares (other than a change covered by subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 or Section 4.2 hereof
or that solely affects the par value of such Class A Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into
another entity or conversion of the Company as another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing
corporation and is not a subsidiary of another entity whose shareholders did not own all or substantially all of the Class A Shares of
the Company in substantially the same proportions immediately before such transaction and that does not result in any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other
property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders
of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the Warrants and in lieu of the Class A Shares of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of
the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would
have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance);
provided, however, that (i) if the holders of the Class A Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the
kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities,
cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the
weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the Class A Shares in such consolidation or merger that
affirmatively make such election, and (ii) if a tender, exchange or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders
of the Class A Shares (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the Company in connection with redemption rights held
by shareholders of the Company as provided for in the Charter or as a result of the redemption of Class A Shares by the Company if a
proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the shareholders of the Company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon
completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker
(within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule)) and any members of any such group of which any such
affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule))
more than 65% of the voting power of the Companys outstanding equity securities (including with respect to the election of directors),
the holder of a Warrant shall be entitled to receive as the Alternative Issuance, the weighted average of the amount of cash, securities
or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant
prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and participated in such tender or exchange offer on a
pro rata basis with all other holders of Class A Shares, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange
offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in this Section 4; provided further that if less
than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A Shares in the applicable event is payable in the form of capital
stock or shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises
the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the
difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration
(as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value
means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes model as calculated
by an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment
of the Board, qualified to make such calculation. Per Share Consideration means (i) if the consideration
paid to holders of the Class A Shares consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per Class A Share, and (ii) in all other
cases, the volume weighted average price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results in a change in Class
A Shares covered by subsection 4.1.1, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Sections 4.2,
4.3 and this Section 4.4. The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications,
reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the
par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

8

4.3. Notices of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of Class
A Shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state
the Warrant Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of Class A Shares purchasable at
such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such
calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4, the Company
shall give written notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in
the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall
not affect the legality or validity of such event.

4.4. No Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Company shall not issue fractional Class A Shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to
this Section 4, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest
in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Shares to be issued to
such holder.

4.5. Form of Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to
this Section 4, and Warrants issued after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of Class A Shares
as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in
its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance
thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise,
may be in the form as so changed.

4.6. Other Events. In case any event shall occur affecting
the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections of this Section 4 are strictly applicable, but which
would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate
the intent and purpose of this Section 4, then, in each such case, the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants,
investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment
to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4 and, if they determine
that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is
consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, all adjustments made pursuant to this Section
4.8 shall be made equally to all outstanding Warrants.

9

4.7. No Adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Warrants
solely as a result of an adjustment to the conversion ratio of the Companys Class B ordinary shares (the Class B Ordinary
Shares) into Class A Shares or the conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares into Class A Shares, in each case, pursuant
to the Charter.

5. Transfer and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1. Registration of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of
any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, in the case of a certificated Warrant,
properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer,
a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant
Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time
to time upon request.

5.2. Procedure for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together
with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants
as requested by the Registered Holder of the Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided,
however, that except as otherwise provided herein or in any Book-Entry Warrant Certificate or Definitive Warrant Certificate, each
Book-Entry Warrant Certificate and Definitive Warrant Certificate may be transferred only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another
nominee of the Depositary, to a successor depository, or to a nominee of a successor depository; provided further, however, that
in the event that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and
the Working Capital Warrants), the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant
Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants
must also bear a restrictive legend.

5.3. Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer
or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a warrant, except as
part of the Units.

5.4. Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of
Warrants.

5.5. Warrant Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and
to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section
5, and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of
the Company for such purpose.

5.6. Transfer of Warrants. Prior to the Detachment Date, the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged
only together with the Unit in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer
or exchange of such Unit. Furthermore, each transfer of a Unit on the register relating to such Units shall operate also to transfer the
Warrants included in such Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer
of Warrants on and after the Detachment Date.

10

6. Redemption.

6.1. Redemption of Warrants for Cash. All, but not less than all, of the outstanding Warrants may be
redeemed (in whole and not in part), at the option of the Company, at any time during the Exercise Period, at the office of the Warrant
Agent, upon notice to the Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section 6.2 below, at a Redemption Price (as defined
below) of $0.01 per Warrant; provided that (a) the Reference Value equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in
compliance with Section 4 hereof) and (b) there is an effective registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the Measurement Period and the 30-day Redemption
Period (each as defined in Section 6.2 below).

6.2. Date Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption; Redemption Price; Reference Value. In the event that
the Company elects to redeem the Warrants pursuant to Section 6.1, the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption
Date). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30)
days prior to the Redemption Date (such period, the Redemption Period) to the Registered Holders of the Warrants
to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided
shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered Holder received such notice. As used in this Agreement,
(a) Redemption Price shall mean the price per Warrant at which any Warrants are redeemed pursuant to Sections
6.1 and (b) Reference Value shall mean the last reported sales price of the Class A Shares for any twenty
(20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period commencing at least 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination
and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the Measurement Period).

6.3. Exercise After Notice of Redemption. The Warrants may be exercised, for cash (or on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the
Company pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In the event the Company determines to require all holders
of Warrants to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(b), the notice of redemption
will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A Shares to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including
the Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in subsection 3.3.1(b) hereof) in such case. On and after the Redemption
Date, the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Warrants, the Redemption
Price.

7. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

7.1. No Rights as Shareholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the
rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise
any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election
of directors of the Company or any other matter.

7.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed,
the Company and the Warrant Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall,
in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant
so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether
or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

7.3. Reservation of Class A Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number
of its authorized but unissued Class A Shares that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued
pursuant to this Agreement.

7.4. Registration of Class A Shares; Cashless Exercise at Companys Option.

11

7.4.1. Registration of the Class A Shares. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than twenty (20) Business Days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, or a new registration statement registering, under
the Securities Act, the issuance of the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement. If any such post-effective or registration statement has not been declared effective by the sixtieth (60th) Business
Day following the closing of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning
on the sixty-first (61st) Business Day after the closing of the initial Business Combination and ending upon such post-effective amendment
or registration statement being declared effective by the Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have
maintained an effective registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to exercise such Warrants
on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor
rule) or another exemption) for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) over the
Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1, Fair Market Value shall
mean the average reported closing price of the Class A Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the third (3rd)
trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Warrants or its securities
broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively
determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection with the cashless exercise of a Public Warrant, the Company shall, upon request,
provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience)
stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with this subsection 7.4.1 is not
required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii) the Class A Shares issued upon such exercise shall be freely tradable under
United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act
(or any successor rule)) of the Company and, accordingly, shall not be required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection
7.4.2, for the avoidance of any doubt, unless and until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall
continue to be obligated to comply with its registration obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1.

7.4.2. Cashless Exercise at Companys Option. If the Class A Shares are at the time of any exercise
of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule), the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise
their Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act (or any successor rule) as described in subsection 7.4.1 and (i) in the event the Company so elects, the Company shall not
be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary or (ii) if the Company does not so
file or maintain such registration statement, the Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for
sale the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the applicable blue sky laws of the state of residence of
the exercising Public Warrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available.

8. Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

8.1. Payment of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may
be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Class A Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants,
but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such Class A Shares.

8.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

12

8.2.1. Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed,
may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in
writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company
shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within
a period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder
of a Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant
may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at
the Companys cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other
entity organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough
of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision
or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers,
rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent
hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall
execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers,
and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute,
acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor
Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

8.2.2. Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed,
the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent
for the Class A Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

8.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be
merged or with which it may be consolidated or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent
shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

8.3. Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

8.3.1. Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its
services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent
upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

8.3.2. Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to
be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be
required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4. Liability of Warrant Agent.

8.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement,
the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking
or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may
be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant
Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

8.4.2. Indemnity. The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence,
willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all
liabilities, including judgments, out of pocket costs and reasonable outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the
Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agents gross negligence, willful
misconduct, fraud or bad faith.

13

8.4.3. Exclusions. The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of
this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent
shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant.
The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or
responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would
require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the
authorization or reservation of any Class A Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any Class
A Shares shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and non-assessable.

8.5. Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this
Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account
promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received
by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Class A Shares through the exercise of the Warrants.

8.6. Waiver. The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim
of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent as trustee
thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek re0.5incourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby irrevocably waives any and all Claims against the Trust Account,
including any monies therein or any distribution therefrom, and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

9.1. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the
Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

9.2. Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by
the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or
overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice,
postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

NewHold Investment Corp III

52 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005

New York, New York 10017

Attention: Kevin Charlton, Chief Executive Officer

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given
when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after
deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company),
as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

14

in each case, with copies to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser. Esq.

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com

BTIG, LLC

65 E 55th Street

New York, NY 10022

Facsimile: (415) 248-2260

and

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Tel: (212) 407-4000

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

9.3. Applicable Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement
and of the Warrants shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law
principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such
exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in the Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3.
If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located
within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action)
in the name of any warrant holder, such warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y)
having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holders counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

9.4. Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation or other entity other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the
Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or
agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the
Warrants.

9.5. Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all
reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the
Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require any such holder to submit such holders Warrant for inspection
by the Warrant Agent.

15

9.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile
counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument.

9.7. Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of
this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

9.8. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any
Registered Holder (i) for the purpose of (x) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision contained herein, including
to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement set forth in the Prospectus, (y)
adjusting the definition of Ordinary Cash Dividend as contemplated by and in accordance with the second sentence of subsection
4.1.2 or (z) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the
parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders,
and (ii) to provide for the delivery of an Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section 4.4. All other modifications or
amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period shall require the
vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of 50% of the number of the then outstanding Public Warrants and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants or any provision of this
Agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, or Working Capital Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
forfeiture or cancellation of any Private Placement Warrants or Working Capital Warrants), 50% of the number of then outstanding
Private Placement Warrants (including the vote or written consent of the Lead Underwriter) and Working Capital Warrants.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections
3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders.

9.9. Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability
of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision
hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be
added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and
be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton

Name: Kevin Charlton

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Henry Farrell

Name: Henry Farrell

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Warrant Agreement]

17

EXHIBIT A

PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS LEGEND

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE AGREEMENTS BY
AND AMONG NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III (THE COMPANY), NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY III LLC AND THE OTHER SIGNATORIES THERETO,
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE
UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN)
EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND
ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

A-1

EXHIBIT
B

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED
PRIOR TO

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR IN THE

WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Cayman Islands

CUSIP G6486E 110

Warrant Certificate

This Warrant Certificate certifies that ,
or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrants evidenced hereby (the Warrants and each, a Warrant)
to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares), of NewHold Investment Corp
III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during
the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number of fully paid and non-assessable
Ordinary Shares as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant Price) as determined pursuant to the Warrant
Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United
States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent
referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate
but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially exercisable for
one fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary Share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant. If, upon the exercise
of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in an Ordinary Share, the Company will, upon exercise, round
down to the nearest whole number the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. The number of Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price per Ordinary Share for
any Warrant is equal to $11.50 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in
the Warrant Agreement.

Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant
Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the end of such Exercise Period,
such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth in the Warrant Agreement. In
addition, and notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, to the extent that the holder of a Warrant
has delivered a notice contemplated by subsection 3.5.5 of the Warrant Agreement, neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall
issue to Holder, and Holder may not acquire, any right it might have to acquire, a number of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of any Warrant
to the extent that, upon such exercise, the number of Ordinary Shares then beneficially owned by Holder would exceed the Maximum Percentage
of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.5.
of the Warrant Agreement.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as
though fully set forth at this place.

B-1

This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-2

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive Ordinary Shares and are issued or to be issued
pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of [_], 2025 (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed and delivered by the
Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent),
which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description
of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the
words holders or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of
the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms
used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants may be exercised at any time during the
Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise them by
surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed and executed, together
with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise as provided for in
the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced
hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the
holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant
Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement covering
the Ordinary Shares to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (ii) a prospectus thereunder
relating to the Ordinary Shares is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence
of certain events the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants set forth on the face hereof may, subject to
certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in an Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to the
holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the
principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative or attorney
duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, but without
payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like
number of Warrants.

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer
of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing
in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant Certificate, subject to the
limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof, and for
all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the Warrants
nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company.

B-3

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive Ordinary Shares and herewith tenders payment for such Ordinary Shares to
the order of NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) in the amount of $_____ in accordance with the terms hereof.
The undersigned requests that a certificate for such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of , whose address is , and that such Ordinary
Shares be delivered to , whose address is . If said number of Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder,
the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the
name of , ______ whose address is _______and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to ______ , whose address is ________.

In the event
that the Warrant has been called for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement and the Company
has required cashless exercise pursuant to Section 6.3 and Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement, the
number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.3 and Section
3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised
on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant
is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant may be exercised,
to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable
for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such cashless exercise and (ii)
the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant
Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive Ordinary Shares. If said number of Ordinary
Shares is less than all of the Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests
that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of , whose address
is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to , whose address is.

To be included in any Election to Purchase of
a holder who has provided the notice set forth in subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement.

By signing this Election to Purchase, the undersigned
hereby certifies that upon after giving effect to such exercise, the undersigned (together with such persons affiliates) or any
group of which holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the
Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.5.
of the Warrant Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

B-4

Date: 

(Signature) 

(Address) 

(Tax Identification Number) 

Signature Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY
AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED
SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR
RULE)). 

B-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of February 27, 2025 by and between NewHold Investment
Corp III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, (File No. 333-284114) (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the
Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units),
each of which consists of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (such initial public
offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with BTIG, LLC as representative (the Representative)
of the underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in the
Registration Statement, $175,875,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the
Underwriting Agreement) (or $202,256,250 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the
Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account)
for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided
(the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property,
the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders,
and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $6,125,000, or $7,043,750 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised
in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by the Company to the Representative
upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (such discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements
and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold
the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee
in the United States at JP Morgan Chase, NA (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or
more) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage,
supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly
upon receipt of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or
less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
(ii) hold the Property as uninvested cash or (iii) hold the Property in an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at
a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory
to the Company; the Trustee may not invest in any other securities or assets, it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no
interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and, while invested or uninvested, the
Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration;

(d) Collect
and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly
notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action
by the Company;

(f) Supply
any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys
preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys
financial statements or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate
in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the
Company to do so;

(h) Render
to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements
of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence
liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from
the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit
A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary or Chairperson of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other director or authorized
officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation
of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable (other than any excise or similar tax) or owed and, in the case of Exhibit B, less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to
therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) 24 months after the closing of the Offering (or such earlier date as the Companys
board of directors may approve); and (2) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the
Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum
and Articles) (such period, the Completion Window), if a Termination Letter has not been received
by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated by the Trustee in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable (other than any excise or similar tax) or owed and up to
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit
C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company
the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any income tax obligation (not including any excise or
similar tax) owed by the Company, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method
of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority, so long as there is no reduction in the
principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not
sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as
shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess
of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced
above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to
look beyond said request;

(k) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit
D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the
consummation of, a Business Combination (as defined below) (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced
above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility
to look beyond said request; and

2

(l) Not
make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), and 1(k) above.

2. Agreements
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give
all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairperson of the Board, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or other director or authorized officer of the Company. In addition, except with respect to
its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying
on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of
the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in
writing;

(b) Subject
to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable
counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection
with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand,
which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned
on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly
after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which
the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter
referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense
against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection
of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior
written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; provided, further that
the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to
mount such a defense. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay
the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction
processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property
shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k)
hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of
the Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section
2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In
connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business
Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the general meeting
verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide
the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to
any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

3

(f) Unless
otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered
in connection with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount is paid directly
to the account or accounts directed by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters prior to any transfer of funds held in the Trust
Account to the Company or any other person;

(g) Instruct
the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make
any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement; and

(h) Within
four (4) business days after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment
option expires, provide the Trustee with a notice in writing of the total amount of the Deferred Discount, which shall in no event be
less than $6,125,000.

3. Limitations
of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply
obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement
and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take
any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to
any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute
any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind
with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to
do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund
any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume
that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise
in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The
other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in
good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The
Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel
(including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper
or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability
of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed
or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination
or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed
by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent
thereto;

(g) Verify
the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide
any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by
the Registration Statement;

(i) File
information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements
to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

4

(j) Prepare,
execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating
to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax
obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify
calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j)
and1(k) hereof.

4. Trust
Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it
may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets
outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If
the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts
to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the
Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of
copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however,
that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from
the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability
whatsoever; or

(b) At
such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall
terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

(c) If
the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, any funds received by the Trustee from the
Company or Sponsor for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The
Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred
from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures
to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained
access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall
rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers and all other identifying information
relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error
in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may
be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute
but one instrument.

5

(c) This
Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for
Sections 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and 1(l) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted unless such modification,
amendment or deletion is approved by the affirmative vote of two- thirds of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company which are represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of
the Company, voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly
elected to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to this Agreement (A)
to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to
redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion
Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business
Combination activity) this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical
error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The
parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York,
for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile
or email transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

NewHold Investment Corp III

52 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005

New York, NY 10017

Telephone: (212) 653-0153

Attn: Kevin Charlton

Email: kcharlton@newholdllc.com

in each case, with copies to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Tel: (212) 407-4000

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

and

BTIG, LLC

65 E. 55th Street

New York, NY 10022

Attn: General Counsel

Facsimile: (415) 248-2260

Email: iblegal@btig.com

6

(f) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this
Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make
any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account
under any circumstance.

(g) This
Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation
and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement.

(i) Except
as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity
without the prior written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis Wolf 

Title: Vice President 

NewHold Investment Corp III

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Signature
Page To

Investment Management Trust Agreement

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter, payable by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000

Transaction processing fee for

disbursements to Company under

Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1. $ 250

Paying Agent services as required

pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k). Prevailing rates

Schedule A

Exhibit A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business)
to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date].
The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in
the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at JP Morgan Chase, NA to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the
funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on
the Consummation Date (including as directed to it by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters with respect to the Deferred Discount).
It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at JP Morgan Chase, NA awaiting distribution,
the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i)
counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated
concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), (ii)
the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, which verifies
that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written
instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
payment of amounts owed to Public Shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount
directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter).
You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification
and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust
Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company
shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company.
Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the
Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours, 

NewHold Investment Corp III 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and acknowledged by: 

BTIG, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A

Exhibit B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that [the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the time frame
specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the
Memorandum and Articles)] OR [the Companys board of directors has determined to terminate the period
in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination on ____, 20___ pursuant to the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles)] as described
in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds
into the trust operating account in the United States at JP Morgan Chase to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less taxes
payable and up to $100,000 to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are
hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION].

The Company has selected [],
20[ ]1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their
share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to
distribute said funds directly to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for
reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

NewHold Investment Corp III 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC

1 24 months after the closing date of the Offering, such earlier
date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as the Companys shareholders may approve.

Exhibit B

Exhibit C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Gonzalez

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations, as permitted under the Trust Agreement, as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance
with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon
your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours, 

NewHold Investment Corp III 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC

Exhibit C

Exhibit D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Celeste Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution
to the Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from
time to time (the Memorandum and Articles) not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation
of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with
a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares
or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds
promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours, 

NewHold Investment Corp III 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: BTIG, LLC

Exhibit D
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-2_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN SECURITY HOLDERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of February 27, 2025 is made and entered into by and among NewHold Investment Corp
III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Sponsor), BTIG, LLC (the Representative) and the undersigned
parties listed under Holder on the signature pages hereto (each such party, and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to
this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
intends to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the IPO), each unit consisting
of Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), of the Company, and one-half of one
redeemable warrant (a Warrant) to be governed by the Warrant Agreement to be entered into between the Company
and Continental stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement). Each whole Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary Share;

WHEREAS, the Sponsor
owns an aggregate of 6,707,663 of the Companys Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares)
up to 874,912 of which will be surrendered to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters of the
IPO exercise their over-allotment option;

WHEREAS, the Founder
Shares are convertible into Ordinary Shares, on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, as may be further amended from time to time;

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, the Company and the Sponsor have entered into certain Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with the Company (the
Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 537,500 units (or up to 552,600 units if the over-allotment option in connection with the IPO is exercised) (the Sponsor
Private Placement Units), each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Sponsor Private
Placement Shares) and one-half of one redeemable Warrant (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants)
in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Each whole Sponsor Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (a Sponsor Warrant Share) at an exercise price
of $11.50 per Ordinary Share;

WHEREAS, on the date
hereof, the Company and the Representative have entered into certain Representative Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with the
Company (the Representative Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and together with the Sponsor Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the
Representative or its designees agreed to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 units (or up to 227,500 if the over-allotment option in connection
with the IPO is exercised) (the Representative Private Placement Units and together with the Sponsor Private
Placement Units, the Private Placement Units), each Representative Private Placement Unit consisting of one
Ordinary Share (the Representative Private Placement Shares and together with the Sponsor Private Placement
Shares, the Private Placement Shares) and one-half of one redeemable Warrant (the Representative
Private Placement Warrants and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement
Warrants) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Each whole Representative
Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share (a Representative Warrant Share
and collectively, the Representative Warrant Shares and together with the Sponsor Warrant Shares, the Warrant
Shares) at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary Share;

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as
defined below), the Sponsor, its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the
Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into additional units (the Working Capital
Units) at a price of $10.00 per Working Capital Unit at the option of the lender. Each Working Capital Unit consists of
one Ordinary Share (the Working Capital Shares) and one-half of one redeemable Warrant (the Working
Capital Warrants), with each whole Working Capital Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share
(a Working Capital Warrant Share) at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary Share;

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights
with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this Article 1 shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Block Trade
shall have the meaning given to it in subsection 2.3.1 of this Agreement. 

Board
shall mean the board of directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities, involving the Company.

Commission
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demanding Holder
shall mean any Holder or group of Holders, that together elects to dispose of Registrable Securities having an aggregate value of at least
$25 million, at the time of the Underwritten Demand, under a Registration Statement pursuant to an Underwritten Offering.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning given in subsection 3.1.1 of this Agreement.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Financial Counterparty
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1 of this Agreement.

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof.

Holder Indemnified
Persons shall have the meaning given in subsection 4.1.1 of this Agreement.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean the earlier of (i) six months following the consummation of the Companys initial Business
Combination; or (ii) subsequent to the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company
consummates a transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or
other property.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

2

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys
officers and directors.

IPO
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4 of this Agreement.

Misstatement
shall mean, in the case of a Registration Statement, an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required
to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and in the case of a Prospectus, an untrue statement
of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

Ordinary Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Other Coordinated
Offering shall have the meaning given to it in subsection 2.3.1 of this Agreement.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1 of this Agreement.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period or any other lock-up period, as the case may
be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between
such Holder and the Company, and to any transferee thereafter.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Placement
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4 of this Agreement.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares and the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of any Founder Shares, (b) the Private
Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Warrant Shares, (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other
equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held
by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement or acquired prior to or in connection with the Business Combination, which, for the avoidance
of doubt, shall include any Ordinary Shares received by a Holder on or after the date hereof as a distribution from the Sponsor in connection
with its liquidation and dissolution, (d) any Working Capital Units, Working Capital Shares, Working Capital Warrants and Working Capital
Warrant Shares, and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Share by way of
a share capitalization or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization;
provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities
when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and
such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities
shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have
been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities
Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions
or limitations); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other
public securities transaction.

3

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and any such registration statement having become
effective by the Commission.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(a) all
registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority)
and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(b) fees
and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(c) printing,
messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(d) reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(e) reasonable
fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration
or Underwritten Offering;

(f) the
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of any Registrable Securities on each securities exchange or automated quotation
system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(g) the
fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any road show for any Underwritten Offerings; and

(h) reasonable
fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected jointly by the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Demand, the Requesting
Holders participating in an Underwritten Offering and the Holders participating in a Piggyback Registration, as applicable.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement under the Securities Act that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to such registration statement and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration
statement.

Representative
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Representative
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Representative
Private Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Representative
Private Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

4

Representative
Private Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.3 of this Agreement.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1 of this Agreement.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Sponsor Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Private
Placement Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Suspension Event
shall have the meaning given in Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Demand shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.3 of this Agreement.

Underwritten
Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting
for distribution to the public.

Warrant
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Warrant Share
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Warrant Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Warrant Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE 2

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Registration.

2.1.1 Shelf
Registration. The Company agrees that, within fifteen (15) business days after the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company
will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission (at the Companys sole cost and expense) a Registration Statement
registering the resale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities (a Shelf Registration).

5

2.1.2 Effective
Registration. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective by the
Commission as soon as reasonably practicable after the initial filing of the Registration Statement. Subject to the limitations contained
in this Agreement, the Company shall effect any Shelf Registration on such appropriate registration form of the Commission (a) as shall
be selected by the Company and (b) as shall permit the resale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities by the Holders. If at
any time a Registration Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 2.1.1 is effective and a Holder provides written
notice to the Company that it intends to effect an offering of all or part of the Registrable Securities included on such Registration
Statement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to amend or supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary
in order to enable such offering to take place in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.1.3 Underwritten
Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Sections 2.4 and 3.4 hereof, any Demanding Holder
may make a written demand for an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in accordance with
Section 2.1.1 (an Underwritten Demand). The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys
receipt of the Underwritten Demand, notify, in writing, all other Holders of such demand, and each Holder who thereafter requests to include
all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering pursuant to such Underwritten Demand (each
such Holder that requests to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering, a Requesting
Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within two (2) days (one (1) day if such offering is an overnight or bought
Underwritten Offering) after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written
notification from a Requesting Holder(s), such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in
such Underwritten Offering pursuant to such Underwritten Demand. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities
through such Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with
the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Demanding Holders initiating such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company is not obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Underwritten Offerings pursuant to this subsection
2.1.3 and is not obligated to effect an Underwritten Offering pursuant to this subsection 2.1.3 within ninety (90) days after
the closing of an Underwritten Offering.

2.1.4 Reduction
of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand,
in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders, the Requesting Holders and other persons or entities holding Ordinary Shares
or other equity securities of the Company that the Company is obligated to include pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with such persons or entities (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities or other equity securities
of the Company requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities
of the Company that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the
distribution method or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as
applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering,
as follows: (a) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that each Demanding Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
that the Demanding Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Offering (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro
Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (b) second, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (a), the Registrable Securities of the Requesting Holders,
Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (c) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities
has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company
that the Company desires to sell and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (d) fourth, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities of the Company held by other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to include pursuant to
separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

6

2.2 Piggyback
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback
Rights. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.2.2 and Sections 2.4 and 3.4 hereof, if, at any time on or
after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to consummate an Underwritten Offering for its own
account or for the account of shareholders of the Company, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed action to all of
the Holders as soon as practicable, which notice shall (a) describe the amount and type of securities to be included, the intended method(s)
of distribution and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, and (b) offer to all of the Holders the opportunity
to include of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within two (2) days (unless such offering is
an overnight or bought Underwritten Offering, then one (1) day), in each case after receipt of such written notice (such Registration
a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included
in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed
Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included
in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Piggyback Registration
and to permit the resale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. All such Holders proposing to include Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction
of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of shares or equity securities of the Company that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (a) the
shares or equity securities of the Company, if any, as to which the Underwritten Offering has been demanded pursuant to separate written
contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (b) the Registrable Securities
as to which a Piggyback Registration has been requested pursuant to this Section 2.2 and (c) the shares or equity securities of
the Company, if any, as to which inclusion in the Underwritten Offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggyback
registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(i) If
the Underwritten Offering is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Underwritten Offering (A)
first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing
clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders requesting a Piggyback Registration pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, Pro
Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities
has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company,
if any, as to which inclusion in the Underwritten Offering has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggyback registration rights
of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; or

(ii) If
the Underwritten Offering is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company
shall include in any such Underwritten Offering (A) first, Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company, if any, of such
requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities
of Holders requesting a Piggyback Registration pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing
clauses (A) and (B), Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company that the Company desires to sell, which can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not
been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of the Company
for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements
with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration
Withdrawal. Any Holder shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written
notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback
Registration prior to the commencement of the Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal
under this subsection 2.2.3.

7

2.2.4 Unlimited
Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration or Underwritten Offering effected pursuant to this Section
2.2 shall not be counted as an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Block
Trades Other Coordinated Offerings.

2.3.1 Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Article 2, but subject to Sections 2.4 and 3.4, at any time and from time to time when
an effective Registration Statement is on file with the Commission, if a Demanding Holder wishes to engage in (a) an underwritten registered
offering not involving a roadshow, an offer commonly known as a block trade (a Block Trade)
or (b) an at the market or similar registered offering through a broker, sales agent or distribution agent, whether as agent
or principal, (an Other Coordinated Offering), in each case, with a total offering price reasonably expected
to exceed, in the aggregate, $25 million, then if such Demanding Holder requires any assistance from the Company pursuant to this Section
2.3, such Holder shall notify the Company promptly of the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering at least five (5) business days
prior to the day such offering is to commence and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate such Block Trade
or Other Coordinated Offering; provided that the Demanding Holders representing a majority of the Registrable Securities wishing to engage
in the Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall use commercially reasonable efforts to work with the Company and any Underwriters
or brokers, sales agents or placement agents (each, a Financial Counterparty) prior to making such request
in order to facilitate preparation of the registration statement, prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Block Trade
or Other Coordinated Offering.

2.3.2 Prior
to the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used in connection with a Block Trade or
Other Coordinated Offering, a majority-in interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering
shall have the right to withdraw from such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification
to the Company, the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) and Financial Counterparty (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such
Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible
for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering prior to its withdrawal under this
subsection 2.3.2.

2.3.3 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Section 2.2 shall not apply to a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering initiated
by a Demanding Holder pursuant to Section 2.3 of this Agreement.

2.3.4 The
Demanding Holder in a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall have the right to select the Underwriters and Financial Counterparty
(if any) for such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering (in each case, which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized
investment banks).

2.3.5 A Demanding Holder in
the aggregate may demand no more than four (4) Block Trades or Other Coordinated Offerings pursuant to this Section 2.3 in any
twelve (12) month period. For the avoidance of doubt, any Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering effected pursuant to this Section
2.3 shall not be counted as a demand for an Underwritten Offering pursuant to subsection 2.1.3 hereof.

2.4 Restrictions
on Registration Rights. If (a) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand and the
Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (b) the Holders have requested
an Underwritten Offering pursuant to an Underwritten Demand and in the good faith judgment of the Board such Underwritten Offering would
be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the undertaking of such Underwritten
Offering at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating
that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company to undertake such Underwritten Offering
in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the undertaking of such Underwritten Offering. In such event, the Company
shall have the right to defer such offering for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall
not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any twelve (12)-month period.

8

ARTICLE 3

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect such Registration or Underwritten Offering to permit the
resale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant
thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible and to the extent applicable:

3.1.1 prepare
and file with the Commission after the consummation of the Business Combination a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable
Securities and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective in accordance with Section
2.1 hereof and remain effective, including filing a replacement Registration Statement, if necessary, until all Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement have been sold or are no longer outstanding (such period, the Effectiveness Period);

3.1.2 prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the
Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by the Holders or any Underwriter or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions
applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration
Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan
of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or are no longer outstanding;

3.1.3 prior
to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters or
Financial Counterparty, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or Underwritten Offering or Block
Trade, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement
to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus
(including each preliminary Prospectus) and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included
in such Registration or Underwritten Offering or the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate
the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders; provided, that the Company will not have any obligation to provide
any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Commissions EDGAR system;

3.1.4 prior
to any Underwritten Offering of Registrable Securities, use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) register or qualify the Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan
of distribution) may request and (b) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement
to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations
of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities
included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be
required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction
where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause
all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued
by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide
a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of
such Registration Statement or Underwritten Offering;

9

3.1.7 advise
each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any
stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if
such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 during
the Effectiveness Period, furnish a conformed copy of each filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement
or Prospectus, promptly after such filing of such documents with the Commission to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel;
provided, that the Company will not have any obligation to provide any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Commissions
EDGAR system;

3.1.9 notify
the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act;

3.1.10 subject
to the provisions of this Agreement, notify the Holders of the happening of any event as a result of which a Misstatement exists, and
then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.11 in
the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering, or sale by a Financial Counterparty pursuant to such
Registration, permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters or other Financial Counterparty facilitating such Underwritten
Offering, Block Trade, Other Coordinated Offering or other sale pursuant to such Registration, if any, and any attorney or accountant
retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested
by any such representative, Underwriter, Financial Counterparty, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided,
however, that such representatives or Underwriters or Financial Counterparty enter into confidentiality agreements, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.12 obtain
a comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block
Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering, or sale by a Financial Counterparty pursuant to such Registration (subject to such Financial Counterparty
providing such certification or representation reasonably requested by the Companys independent registered public accountants and
the Companys counsel), in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by comfort letters as the managing
Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in
the event of an Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering, or sale by a Financial Counterparty pursuant to such
Registration, on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such
date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the participating Holders or the Financial
Counterparty, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such
opinion is being given as the participating Holders, Financial Counterparty or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily
included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to such participating Holders, Financial Counterparty
or Underwriter;

3.1.14 in
the event of an Underwritten Offering or a Block Trade, or an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a Financial Counterparty pursuant
to such Registration to which the Company has consented, to the extent reasonably requested by such Financial Counterparty in order to
engage in such offering, allow the Underwriters or Financial Counterparty to conduct customary underwriters due diligence
with respect to the Company;

3.1.15 in
the event of any Underwritten Offering, a Block Trade, an Other Coordinated Offering or sale by a Financial Counterparty pursuant to such
Registration, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement or other purchase or sales agreement, in usual and
customary form, with the managing Underwriter or the Financial Counterparty of such offering or sale;

10

3.1.16 make
available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12)
months beginning with the first (1st) day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration
Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated
thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.17 use
its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show
presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.18 otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection
with such Registration.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not be required to provide any documents or information to an Underwriter or Financial Counterparty if such Underwriter
of Financial Counterparty has not then been named with respect to the applicable Underwritten Offering or other offering involving a registration
as an Underwriter or Financial Counterparty, as applicable.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses in respect of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders
that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters
commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration
Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person or entity may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities
of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person or entity (a) agrees to sell such persons
or entitys securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (b) completes and executes
all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents
as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to (A) delay or postpone the
(i) initial effectiveness of any Registration Statement or (ii) launch of any Underwritten Offering, in each case, filed or requested
pursuant to this Agreement, and (B) from time to time to require the Holders not to sell under any Registration Statement or Prospectus
or to suspend the effectiveness thereof, if the negotiation or consummation of a transaction by the Company or its subsidiaries is pending
or an event has occurred, which negotiation, consummation or event, the Board reasonably believes, upon the advice of legal counsel, would
require additional disclosure by the Company in the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus of material information that the Company
has a bona fide business purpose for keeping confidential and the non-disclosure of which in the Registration Statement or Prospectus
would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board, upon the advice of legal counsel, to cause the Registration Statement
or Prospectus to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements (each such circumstance, a Suspension Event);
provided, however, that the Company may not delay or suspend a Registration Statement, Prospectus or Underwritten Offering on more than
two occasions, for more than sixty (60) consecutive calendar days, or more than ninety (90) total calendar days, in each case during any
twelve (12)-month period. Upon receipt of any written notice from the Company of a Suspension Event while a Registration Statement filed
pursuant to this Agreement is effective or if as a result of a Suspension Event a Misstatement exists, each Holder agrees that (i) it
will immediately discontinue offers and sales of Registered Securities under each Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement
until the Holder receives copies of a supplemental or amended Prospectus (which the Company agrees to promptly prepare) that corrects
the relevant misstatements or omissions and receives notice that any post-effective amendment has become effective or unless otherwise
notified by the Company that it may resume such offers and sales and (ii) it will maintain the confidentiality of information included
in such written notice delivered by the Company unless otherwise required by law or subpoena. If so directed by the Company, the Holders
will deliver to the Company or, in Holders sole discretion destroy, all copies of each Prospectus covering Registrable Securities
in Holders possession; provided, however, that this obligation to deliver or destroy shall not apply (A) to the extent the Holders
are required to retain a copy of such Prospectus (x) to comply with applicable legal, regulatory, self-regulatory or professional requirements
or (y) in accordance with a bona fide pre-existing document retention policy or (B) to copies stored electronically on archival servers
as a result of automatic data back-up.

11

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company
under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company
further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to
time to enable such Holder to resell or otherwise dispose of Registrable Securities held by such Holder without registration under the
Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule
promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver
to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitation
on Registration Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Representative may not exercise its rights under
Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, from the effective date of the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1, and (ii) the Representative may not exercise its rights under Section 2.1 more than one time.

ARTICLE 4

INDEMNIFICATION
AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The
Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors, employees,
advisors, agents, representatives, members and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) (collectively,
the Holder Indemnified Persons) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees and inclusive of all reasonable attorneys fees arising out of the enforcement of each such persons
rights under this Section 4.1) resulting from any Misstatement, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained or included
in any information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of such Holder Indemnified Person specifically for use therein.

4.1.2 In
connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to
the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify the Company, its officers, directors,
employees, advisors, agents, representatives and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against
any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and inclusive of all reasonable attorneys
fees arising out of the enforcement of each such persons rights under this Section 4.1) resulting from any Misstatement,
but only to the extent that the same are made in reliance on and in conformity with information relating to the Holder so furnished in
writing to the Company by or on behalf of such Holder specifically for use therein. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder
hereunder be greater in amount than the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such
Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

4.1.3 Any
person entitled to indemnification herein shall (a) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to
which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (b) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim or there
may be reasonable defenses available to the indemnified party that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying
party, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party.
If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party
without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not
to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified
by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest
may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall,
without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled
in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement)
or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party
of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

12

4.1.4 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director, employee, advisor, agent, representative, member or controlling person of such
indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities.

4.1.5 If
the indemnification provided under this Section 4.1 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified
party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of
indemnifying the indemnified party, shall to the extent permitted by law contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party
as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the
indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by a court of law by reference to, among other things, whether the Misstatement
relates to information supplied by such indemnifying party or such indemnified party and the indemnifying partys and indemnified
partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however,
that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such
Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities
referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3
above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding.
The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in
this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

ARTICLE 5

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices.
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (a) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the
party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (b) delivery in person or by courier
service or sent by overnight mail via a reputable overnight carrier, in each case providing evidence of delivery or (c) transmission by
facsimile or email. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed
sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third (3rd) business day following the date on which
it is mailed, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery or overnight mail, at such time as it is delivered to
the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation,
and in the case of notices delivered by facsimile or email, at such time as it is successfully transmitted to the addressee. Any notice
or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 52 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005, New York, New York 10017,
and, if to any other Holder, to the address of such Holder as it appears in the applicable register for the Registrable Securities or
such other address as may be designated in writing by such Holder (including on the signature pages hereto). Any party may change its
address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become
effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

13

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or
in part.

5.2.2 Prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign
or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer
of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the
transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement. After the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement
Lock-up Period, as the case may be, the Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement,
in while or in part, to any transferee.

5.2.3 This
Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and
the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement and this Section 5.2.

5.2.5 No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company
unless and until the Company shall have received (a) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (b)
the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this
Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other
than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY
AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW
YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.

5.5 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable
Securities at the time in question (which majority must include the Representative if such amendment or modification is material and adverse
to the Representative), compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any
amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects any Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of the
Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of each such Holder
so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of
a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as
a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other
Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than (a) a Holder of Registrable Securities, (b)
the holders of the Companys warrants pursuant to that certain Public Warrant Agreement dated as of February 27, 2025, each by and
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and (c) holders of Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares
and Private Placement Warrants pursuant to that certain Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement dated as of February 27, 2025, has
any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any
Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the
Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms
and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall prevail.

5.7 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (a) the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of this Agreement and (b) the date as
of which the Holders cease to hold any Registrable Securities. The provisions of Article 4 shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III,

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDERS:

NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY III LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Isobel P. Schneck 

Name: Isobel P. Schneck 

Title: Managing Member 

BTIG, LLC

By: /s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood 

Title: Managing Director, Co-Head of SPAC Investment Banking 

Signature
Page To

Registration Rights Agreement

/s/ Thomas J. Sullivan 

Thomas J. Sullivan 

/s/ Kevin Charlton 

Kevin Charlton 

/s/ Isobel P. Schneck 

Isobel P. Schneck 

/s/ Samy Hammad 

Samy Hammad 

/s/ Charlie Baynes-Reid 

Charlie Baynes-Reid 

/s/ Phil Horlock 

Phil Horlock 

/s/ Sezaneh Teharian 

Sezaneh Teharian 

/s/ Brian P. Mathis 

Brian P. Mathis 

/s/ Scott Scharfman 

Scott Scharfman 

/s/ James Yerbic 

James Yerbic 

Signature
Page To

Registration Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-3_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of February 27, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement),
is entered into by and between NewHold Investment Corp III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one Class A Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant (a Warrant) to purchase Ordinary Share (a Warrant Share)
to be governed by the Warrant Agreement to be entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as
warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Ordinary Share
at an exercise price of $11.50 per Ordinary Share. The Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 537,500 private placement units
(or up to 552,600 private placement units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised) (the Private Placement
Units), each Private Placement Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share (the Private Placement Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable Warrant (the Private Placement Warrants) to purchase one Ordinary Shares (the
Private Placement Warrant Shares), as provided in the registration statement in connection with the Public
Offering, for a purchase price of $5,375,000 (or up to $5,526,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised), or $10.00
per unit.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1.
Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A. Authorization
of the Private Placement Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase and Sale
of the Private Placement Units.

(i) On the date
of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company
(the Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from
the Company, an aggregate of 537,500 Placement Units (or up to 552,600 Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised) at a price of $10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $5,375,000 (or up to $5,526,000 if the underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised) (the Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions.
On the Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate
evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchaser,
or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms of the Private
Placement Units and Private Placement Warrants.

(i) Each Private
Placement Unit shall have the terms set forth herein.

(ii) Each Private
Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

(iii) At the time
of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the
Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the Private Placement Warrant Shares (together,
the Securities).

Section 2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. As
a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the Private Placement Units, the Company hereby represents
and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Incorporation
and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite
corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units have been duly authorized by the Company as of the Closing
Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement
Shares and Private Placement Warrants comprising such units, and Private Placement Warrant Shares will constitute valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the Closing Date.

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, the
issuance of the Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrant comprising the Private Placement Units, the issuance of the Private
Placement Warrant Shares and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and
will not as of the Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default
under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under,
(d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration
to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended at or prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering,
or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which
the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

C. Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Warrant Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and
the Warrant Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement,
the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants
and the Warrant Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder
and pursuant to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the Public Offering and (ii) transfer restrictions
under federal and state securities laws.

D. Governmental
Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any
other transactions contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation
D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders
of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2

Section 3.
Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. As
a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser, the
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A. Organization
and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The execution
and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser does not
and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment Representations.

(i) The Purchaser
is acquiring the Securities, for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale
in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The Purchaser
is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not experienced
a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The Purchaser
understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers
compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The Purchaser
did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule
502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The Purchaser
has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions
of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high
degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision
with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi) The Purchaser
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation
or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser nor have such authorities
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

3

(vii) The Purchaser
understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws,
and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on
an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other
person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the
terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 under the Securities Act is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
(ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material
required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such
reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current
Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(viii) The Purchaser
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the
securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in
the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite
period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current
or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can afford a complete
loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4.
Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement
Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as
of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No Injunction.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section 5.
Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and
as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate Consents.
The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D. No Injunction.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4

E. Warrant Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6.
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time after March 31, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the
Purchaser upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each
Closing Date.

Section 8.
Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the
registration statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities
Act.

Section 9.
Miscellaneous.

A. Successors
and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf
of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed
or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments
by the Purchaser to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one
party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

D. Descriptive
Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive
part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties
hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III 

By: /s/ Kevin
Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASER: 

NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY III LLC, 

a Delaware limited liability company, 

By: /s/ Isobel
P. Schneck 

Name: Isobel P. Schneck 

Title: Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-4_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as February 27, 2025, by and between NewHold Investment Corp III, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company) and BTIG, LLC (BTIG or the Subscriber).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units),
each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), of
the Company, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (a Public Warrant) to be governed by the Warrant Agreement to
be entered into between the Company and Continental stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement).
Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per Class A Ordinary
Share;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Subscriber on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of 175,000 private placement units
(or up to 227,500 private placement units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) (each, a Placement
Unit and, collectively, the Placement Units) of the Company for a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement
Unit. Each Placement Unit is comprised of one Class A Ordinary Share (a Placement Share) and one-half of one Warrant
(a Placement Warrant and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants) to be governed by
the Warrant Agreement. Each whole Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share (a Warrant Share)
at an exercise price of $11.50. The Placement Units, the Placement Shares and Placement Warrants comprising part of the Placement Units,
and the Warrant Shares underlying the Placement Warrants collectively, are hereinafter referred to as the Securities.
As provided in the registration statement in connection with the IPO of the Companys Units, as amended at the time it becomes effective
(the Registration Statement), the Warrants are exercisable during the period commencing 30 days following the consummation
of the Companys initial business combination (the Business Combination) and will expire on the fifth anniversary
of the consummation of the Business Combination (provided that so long as the Private Warrants are held by the Subscriber or its designees,
the Subscriber or its designees will not be permitted to exercise such Warrants after the five year anniversary of the commencement of
sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)); and

WHEREAS, the Subscriber wishes
to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 Placement Units (or up to 227,500 Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full), and the Company wishes to accept such subscription from the Subscriber.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

1.
Agreement to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase and Issuance
of the Placement Units. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, on the date of the consummation of the IPO
or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Subscriber and the Company (the Closing Date),
the Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Subscriber 175,000 Placement Units
(or up to 227,500 Placement Units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price per unit of $10.00
for an aggregate purchase price of $1,750,000 (or up to $2,275,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full)
(the Purchase Price). On the Closing Date, the Company shall, at its option, deliver to the Subscriber the certificates
representing the Placement Units purchased or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

1.2. Purchase Price.
The Purchase Price shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable
to the Company, to the trust account (the Trust Account) at a financial institution to be chosen by the Company,
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (Continental), on or prior to the
Closing Date.

1.3. Closings. The Closing
shall take place at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, or such other place as may be agreed
upon by the parties hereto.

1.4. Termination. This
Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if a Closing does not occur prior to
March 31, 2025.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Subscriber

As a material inducement to the Company to enter
into this Agreement and issue and sell the Placement Units to the Subscriber, the Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that:

2.1. No Government Recommendation
or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement
of the Company, the merits of the Offering of the Securities or the suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Subscriber.

2.2. Accredited Investor.
The Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is
being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities
Act and similar exemptions under state law. The Subscriber has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d)
of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

2.3. Intent. The Subscriber
is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for the Subscribers own account (and/or for the account or benefit
of its members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms hereof), and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with,
any public sale or distribution thereof.

2.4. Restrictions on Transfer.
The Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Placement Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in
the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold,
pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws
of any state or any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Securities are
subject to transfer restrictions as described in Section 7 hereof. The Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any
interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, the Subscriber may be required to deliver to the
Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another available exemption
from registration, the Subscriber agrees it will not resell the Securities (unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms hereof).
The Subscriber further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to the Subscriber for the
resale of the Securities until the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has
ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all
Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the
time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company,
despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2

2.5. Sophisticated Investor.

(i) The Subscriber is sophisticated
in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities. The Subscriber has adequate means
of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which
would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities.

(ii) The Subscriber has been
furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and
sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Subscriber. The Subscriber has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions
of the executive officers and directors of the Company.

(iii) The Subscriber is aware
that an investment in the Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other things, (a) the Securities
are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available, (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined below) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Subscriber relating to
the Securities, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or
any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder and (c) the Subscriber has waived its
redemption rights with respect to the Securities as set forth in Section 5 hereof, and the Securities held by the Subscriber are not entitled
to, and have no right, interest or claim to any monies held in the Trust Account, and accordingly the Subscriber may suffer a loss of
a portion or all of its investment in the Securities. The Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Securities
for an indefinite period of time. The Subscriber has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

2.6. Organization and Authority.
The Subscriber is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation or formation and
it possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7. Authority. This
Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement of the Subscriber
enforceable against the Subscriber in accordance with its terms, subject to the general principles of equity and to bankruptcy or other
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

2.8. No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Subscribers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument
to which the Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Subscriber is subject, or any agreement,
order, judgment or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

2.9. No Legal Advice from
Company. The Subscriber acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement with the Subscribers own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations
of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto, the Subscriber is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal,
tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any
jurisdiction.

2.10. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. The Subscriber understands the Placement Units are being offered and sold to the Subscriber in reliance on exemptions
from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and
that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Subscriber set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.11. No General Solicitation.
The Subscriber is not subscribing for the Placement Units as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising,
including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar
media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement with respect to the
IPO filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

2.12. Legend. The Subscriber
acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing each of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 4 hereof.

3

3.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company

The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees
with, the Subscriber that:

3.1. Valid Issuance.
The Company is authorized to issue 479,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share
(Class B Ordinary Shares) and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share (Preference Shares).
As of the date hereof, the Company has issued and outstanding 6,707,663 Class B Ordinary Shares (of which up to 874,912 shares are subject
to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement) and no Preference Shares. All of the issued Class B Ordinary Shares of the Company
have been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2. Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company (as applicable), as the case may be, each of the Securities will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Securities shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance
with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, as the case may be, the Subscriber will have or receive good
title to the Securities, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder,
(ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions
of the Subscriber.

3.3. Organization and Qualification.
The Company is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and has
the requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4. Authorization; Enforcement.
(i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to
issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no
further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes
valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except
as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5. No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not
(i) result in a violation of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default under any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) any law statute, rule or regulation to which the
Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any SEC or state securities
filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration statement which may be filed pursuant
thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order
of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any
of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof.

4

4.
Legends

4.1. Legend. The Company
will issue the Placement Units, Placement Shares, and Placement Warrants, and when issued, the Warrant Shares, purchased by the Subscriber
in the name of the Subscriber. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE AGREEMENTS
BY AND AMONG NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III (THE COMPANY), NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY III LLC AND THE OTHER SIGNATORIES
THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER
THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED
TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
AND ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

4.2. Subscribers Compliance.
Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Subscribers obligation and agreement to comply with all applicable securities
laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3. Companys Refusal
to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole judgment
of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities
Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in compliance herewith.

4.4. Registration Rights.
The Subscriber will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into between, among others, the Subscriber and the Company, on or prior to the effective date
of the Registration Statement. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Subscriber may not exercise its demand and piggyback
registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years from the commencement of sales in the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights
on more than one occasion.

5.
Waiver of Liquidation Distributions.

In connection with the Securities purchased pursuant
to this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions of
the amounts in the Trust Account with respect to the Securities, whether (i) in connection with the exercise of redemption rights if the
Company consummates the Business Combination, (ii) in connection with any tender offer conducted by the Company prior to a Business Combination,
(iii) upon the Companys redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys IPO upon the Companys
failure to complete the Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association or (iv) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in the Companys IPO if the Company has not consummated
a Business Combination within the period provided for in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to the right of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-Business Combination
activity. In the event that the Subscriber purchases Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the Units in the IPO or in the aftermarket, any
additional Class A Ordinary Shares so purchased shall be eligible to receive the redemption value of such Class A Ordinary Shares upon
the same terms offered to all other purchasers of Class A Ordinary Shares included as part of the Units in the IPO. Nothing herein shall
preclude the Subscriber from making any claim or seeking recourse against the Companys funds held outside of the Trust Account
or seeking to enforce the terms of the Underwriting Agreement.

5

6. Terms of Placement
Warrants. Each Placement Warrant shall have the terms set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

7.
Lock-Up Period.

7.1. The Subscriber agrees that
they shall not Transfer any Securities until 30 days following the consummation of the Business Combination; provided, however, that Transfers
of Securities are permitted (a) to the Companys or the Subscribers officers or directors, any affiliates or family members
of any of the Companys or the Subscribers officers or directors, any members of the Companys sponsor, or any affiliates
of the Companys sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family or to
a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable
organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the
case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by virtue of the laws of the State of New York or the Subscribers
partnership agreement in the event of the Subscribers liquidation; (f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to
the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees
must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered into by the
Companys sponsor and the Subscriber with respect to such securities.

7.2. For purposes of Section
7.1, the term Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge,
grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase
of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with respect to, any
of the Securities, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of any of the Securities, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such Securities, in cash or otherwise,
or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

7.3. In addition to the restrictions
on transfer described in Section 7.1, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Units and their component parts and the
related registration rights will be deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and
will therefore, pursuant to Rule 5110(e) of the FINRA Manual, be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the
commencement of sales in the IPO, subject to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Additionally, the Placement Units and their component parts and the
related registration rights may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated during the foregoing 180 day period except
to any underwriter or selected dealer participating in the IPO and the officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates of the Subscriber
and any such participating underwriter or selected dealer. Additionally, the Placement Units and their component parts and the related
registration rights will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic
disposition of such securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the IPO.

8.
Terms of the Placement Units

The Placement Units shall be substantially identical
to the Units offered in the IPO except that the Placement Units (including the Placement Shares and Placement Warrants comprising such
units and the Warrant Shares) (i) will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in Section 7 hereof; (ii) will be entitled to
registration rights and (iii) with respect to the Placement Warrants, may not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement
of sales in the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

9.
Conditions of the Subscribers Obligations

The obligation of the Subscriber to purchase and
pay for the Private Placement Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

9.1. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct at and as of
the Closing Date as though then made.

9.2. Performance. The
Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.

6

9.3. No Injunction. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Warrant
Agreement.

9.4. Warrant Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Subscriber.

10.
Conditions of the Companys Obligations

10.1. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Subscriber contained in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct at and as
of the Closing Date as though then made.

10.2. Performance. The
Subscriber shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by the Subscriber on or before the Closing Date.

10.3. No Injunction.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Warrant Agreement.

10.4. Warrant Agreement.
The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement with a warrant agent on terms satisfactory to the Subscriber.

11.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state. The parties hereto
hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

12.
Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment

12.1. Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Subscriber to a person agreeing
to be bound by the terms hereof, including the transfer restrictions contained in Section 7 hereof.

12.2. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes
all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them.

12.3. Amendment. Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other
than by a written instrument signed by all of the parties hereto. Any amendment to the terms of the Placement Warrants (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the forfeiture or cancellation thereof) shall require the prior written consent of BTIG. Each of the parties hereto
shall receive notice of any proposed amendment to the terms of the Placement Warrants at least two business days prior to the effective
date of such amendment.

12.4. Binding upon Successors.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns.

7

13.
Notices

13.1. Notices. Unless
otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and personally
delivered or sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by courier (which
for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified
mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice
to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent
by next day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or, if sent by mail, then
three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a) if by electronic
mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the recipient has consented to receive notice; (b) if by a posting on an electronic
network together with separate notice to the recipient of such specific posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving
of such separate notice; and (c) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the recipient.

14.
Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.
In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

15.
Survival; Severability

15.1. Survival. The representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing Date.

15.2. Severability. In
the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective
if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

16.
Headings.

The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement
are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SUBSCRIBER:

BTIG, LLC

By: /s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood 

Title: Managing Director, Co-Head of SPAC Investment Banking 

[Signature Page - Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement]

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-5_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

February 27, 2025

NewHold Investment Corp III

52 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005

New York, NY 10017

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and among NewHold Investment Corp III, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and
BTIG, LLC, as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of up to 20,125,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 2,625,000 units which may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares)
and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant, a Warrant). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering
pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284114) and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed
by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply
to have the Units listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Sponsor) and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is, or will be, a member
of the Companys board of directors and/or management team (each an Insider and, collectively, the Insiders),
hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The
Sponsor and each Insider agree that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with
such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote all Founder Shares and any shares acquired by it, him or her in the Public
Offering or the secondary public market in favor of such proposed Business Combination, except that it, he or she shall not vote any Class
A Ordinary Shares that it, he or she purchased after the Company publicly announces its intention to engage in such proposed Business
Combination for or against such proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her
in connection with such shareholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender
offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection
herewith.

2. The
Sponsor and each Insider agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by the date that is 24 months
after the closing of the Public Offering, or such earlier date as Companys board of directors may approve, or such later date as
the Companys shareholders may approve, in each case in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Completion Window and the Memorandum
and Articles, respectively), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days
thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the
Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue,
which redemption will completely extinguish the Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements
of applicable law. The Sponsor and the Insiders agree to not propose any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes
of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Offering Shares
if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides
its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon effectiveness of any such amendment at a per share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of Offering Shares then in issue, subject to applicable
law. The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by it, him or her if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Completion Window; although it, he or she will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Offering Shares it, he or she holds if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. The Sponsor
and each Insider hereby further acknowledge that it, he or she will not be entitled to (a) redemption rights with respect to any Founder
Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her, in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or (b) redemption rights
with respect to Founder Shares and Offering Shares held by it, him or her in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Memorandum
and Articles in the manner described above.

3. To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Memorandum and Articles, the Company hereby agrees to defend, indemnify, hold harmless
and exonerate (including the advancement of expenses to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the Sponsor and its members (present
and former), managers and affiliates and their respective present and former officers and directors (each, a Sponsor Indemnitee)
from any and all costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such costs, fees,
expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably, incurred by a Sponsor Indemnitee
or on a Sponsor Indemnitees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation,
alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding instituted
by the Company or any third party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, in respect of any investment opportunities
sourced by a Sponsor Indemnitee for the Company or any liability arising with respect to a Sponsor Indemnitees activities in connection
with the affairs of the Company (in each case to the extent that such indemnification, hold harmless and exoneration obligations with
respect to such matters are not expressly covered by a separate written agreement between the Company and the applicable Sponsor Indemnitee);
provided, that in no event shall a Sponsor Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified or held harmless hereunder in respect of any
costs, fees, expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that a Sponsor Indemnitee may
incur by reason of such persons own actual fraud or intentional misconduct; provided, further, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, under no circumstance shall a Sponsor Indemnitee have a claim to any monies or assets held in the Trust Account, and the Company
shall not be permitted to procure monies or assets held in the Trust Account for the satisfaction of its obligations to any Sponsor Indemnitee
in respect of the indemnification provided hereunder. The Sponsor Indemnitees shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph.

2

4. During
the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the undersigned shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Representative, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant
any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent
position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, the Companys
Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares and, together with the Class
A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares), Warrants or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable
for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to transfers
to the Sponsor by the Insiders, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Class A Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Warrants or any securities convertible into,
or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by him, her or it, whether any such transaction is to be settled by
delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause
(i) or (ii). If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the forgoing restrictions
shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed Units that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering.

5. In
the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any officer, member
or manager of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of
any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold
to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other
similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such
indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for
services rendered (other than the Companys independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (A) $10.05 per share of the Offering Shares or (B) such lesser amount per share of the
Offering Shares held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, in each case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable, except as to any
claims by a third party or Target that executed an agreement waiving claims against and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
whether or not such agreement is enforceable. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third
party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible for any liability as a result of any such third-party claims. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing,
such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall not apply as to any claims under the Companys obligation to indemnify
the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory
to the Company if, within fifteen (15) days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the
Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

6. To
the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 2,625,000 Units (as described in
the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees, upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation,
a number of Founder Shares equal to the product of 874,912 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 2,625,000 minus the
number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 2,625,000.
The forfeiture and surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters
so that the Founder Shares will represent approximately 25% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public
Offering. The Sponsor further agrees that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased and the Sponsor
has either purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment to the number of Founder Shares has been effected by way of a share dividend
or share capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case in connection
with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 2,625,000 in the numerator and denominator
of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph 6 shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
included in the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 874,912 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of
this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to collectively return to the Company
in order for all holders of Founder Shares to hold an aggregate of approximately 25% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary
Shares after the Public Offering.

3

7. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured
in the event of a breach by the Sponsor of its obligations (as applicable) under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8(a) and 8(b) or by each Insider
of its obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 4, 8(a) and 8(b), (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii)
the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in
equity, in the event of such breach.

8. Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) Subject
to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Founder Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination and (ii) subsequent
to a Business Combination, the date on which the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash,
securities or other property (the Lock-up).

(b) Subject
to the exceptions set forth herein, the Sponsor and each Insider agree not to Transfer any Private Placement Units (including the Private
Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Shares and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants)
held by it, he or she until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business Combination.

(c) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b), transfers of the Founder Shares (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issued or
issuable upon the conversion of the Founder Shares) and Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Warrants, the Private
Placement Shares and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) that are held by the Sponsor,
any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have complied with any applicable requirements of this paragraph
8(c)), are permitted (i) to the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate
or family member of any of the Companys or the Representatives officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members
or partners of the Sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners, any affiliates of the Sponsor,
or any employees of such affiliates, (ii) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization;
(iii) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (iv) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (v) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement
or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the Completion Window or in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (vi) pro rata distributions
from the Sponsor or the Representative to its respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant to the Sponsors or the Representatives
limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (vii) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors
limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of the Representative, (viii) in the event of
the Companys liquidation prior to consummation of a Business Combination; (ix) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (x) to a nominee
or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (i) through (vii); provided, however,
that, in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by
these transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in this Agreement (including provisions relating to voting, the
Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

4

9. Each
Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company and the Representative that is included in the Prospectus is true and
accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background and contains all of
the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act. Each Insiders
questionnaire furnished to the Company and the Representative including any such information that is included in the Prospectus is true
and accurate in all respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: (i) such Insider is not subject to or a respondent in any legal
action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the
offering of securities in any jurisdiction; (ii) such Insider has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (A) involving
fraud, (B) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person or (C) pertaining to any dealings in any securities
and such Insider is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and (iii) none of the Sponsor or any such Insider has ever
been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities
license or registration denied, suspended or revoked.

10. The
Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without
limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement
and, as applicable, to serve as an officer of the Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby
consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

11. As
used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Founder
Shares shall mean the Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iii)
Private Placement Shares shall mean the 712,500 Class A Ordinary Shares (or up to 780,100 Class A Ordinary
Shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) comprising part of the Private Placement Units; (v) Private
Placement Warrants shall mean the 356,250 warrants (or up to 390,050 warrants if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full) comprising part of the Private Placement Units; (iv) Private Placement Units
shall mean an aggregate of 712,500 private placement units (or up to 780,100 private placement units if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full) that the Representative and Sponsor have agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $7,125,000
(or up to $7,801,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $10.00 per unit, in a private placement
that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (v) Public Shareholders shall
mean the holders of Offering Shares other than the Sponsor and the Insiders; (vi) Trust Account shall mean
the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited;
and (vii) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate,
pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or
increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section
16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with any respect to, any security, (b)
entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

12. This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended,
modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed
by all parties hereto. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that each Representative is a third-party beneficiary
of this Letter Agreement.

5

13. No
party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph 13 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor, each Insider
and each of their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

15. Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or
facsimile transmission.

16. This
Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided,
however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed
by March 31, 2025; provided, further, that paragraph 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

Sincerely,

NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL 

TECHNOLOGY III LLC

By: /s/ Isobel P. Schneck 

Name: Isobel P. Schneck 

Title: Managing Member 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]

6

INDEMNITEE: 

/s/ Isobel P. Schneck 

Name: Isobel P. Schneck 

/s/ Samy Hammad 

Name: Samy Hammad 

/s/ Charlie Baynes-Reid 

Name: Charlie Baynes-Reid 

/s/ Thomas J. Sullivan 

Name: Thomas J. Sullivan 

/s/ Phil Horlock 

Name: Phil Horlock 

/s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

/s/ Sezaneh Teharian 

Name: Sezaneh Teharian 

/s/ Brian P. Mathis 

Name: Brian P. Mathis 

/s/ James Yerbic 

Name: James Yerbic 

/s/ Scott Scharfman 

Name: Scott Scharfman 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]

7

Acknowledged and Agreed:

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III 

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO LETTER AGREEMENT]

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-6_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND NEWHOLD INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY III LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. III

52 Vanderbilt Avenue

Suite 2005

New York, NY 10017

February 27, 2025

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter of agreement
by and between NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company) and NewHold Enterprises LLC (the Services
Provider), an affiliate of the Companys sponsor, NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC (Sponsor),
dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company are first listed on
the Nasdaq Global Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing until the
earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination and the Companys liquidation (in each case as described
in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

(i) The Services Provider
shall make available (or cause other persons to make available) to the Company, at 52 Vanderbilt Avenue, Suite 2005, New York, NY 10017
(or any successor location of the Services Provider), certain office space and administrative services and officer compensation as may
be reasonably required by the Company. As reimbursement therefor, the Company shall pay the Services Provider (and the Services Provider
will receive on behalf of itself or, to the extent it causes another person to make support available to the Company, as nominee on behalf
of such other person) the sum of $40,000 per month beginning on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination
Date.

(ii) The Services Provider
hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of,
this letter agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to
it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of
the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby
irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account
or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of
any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may
not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign
either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other
party; provided, however, that the Services Provider may assign this letter agreement, in whole or in part, to Sponsor or any other person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, Sponsor
without the prior written approval of the Company. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual
and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law
or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to its choice of laws principles.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours, 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III 

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

NEWHOLD ENTERPRISES LLC 

By: /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES
AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex10-7_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of February 27, 2025, by and between NewHold Investment Corp III, a Cayman Islands
exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent
persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided
with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising
out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies;

WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals,
the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company
and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, while the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors
of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (as may be amended from time to time, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association) provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate
that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification,
hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties
relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board
has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys
shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against
liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement
is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;
and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such
capacity, and Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES
TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to
serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is
duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing
notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor,
key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation
on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other
agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS.
As used in this Agreement:

(a) References
to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary
(as defined below) of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in
such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company
or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The
terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman
Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) Change
in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following
events:

(i) Acquisition
of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Sponsor), any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys
securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below)
and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change
in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board
or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still
in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless,
following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction
owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination)
is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the
Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were
Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for
such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation.
The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the
sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys
current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation,
sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other
Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of
Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange
Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

3

(e) Companies
Law shall mean the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate
Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving
at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested
Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent)
absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange
Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses
shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private
investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees,
fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending,
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating
in, a Proceeding, including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated
by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding,
including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other
appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments
or fines against Indemnitee.

(k) References
to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(l) References
to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee,
agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit
plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company
as referred to in this Agreement.

4

(m) Independent
Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and that
neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material
to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar
indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(n) The
term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company;
(iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly,
by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee
or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company or of a corporation
owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of
the Company.

(o) The
term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate
dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken
by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason
of the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability
or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(p) The
term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned,
directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY
IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in
any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees
Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in
connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred
by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in
good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case
of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

5

4. INDEMNITY
IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or
otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate
Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted
in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee
shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding
was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

5. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section
27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the
Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of
the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in
connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one
or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter
on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter
in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6

6. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee
is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party or threatened
to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him
or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL
INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding
any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee
is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure
a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights
shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty
of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of the law.

(b) Notwithstanding
any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company
to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION
IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this
Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless
or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee
to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against
Indemnitee.

7

(b) The
Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined
in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The
Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought
by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. EXCLUSIONS.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification,
advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for
which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision
and which payment has not subsequently been returned, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any
insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except
as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company
or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion,
pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES
OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the
Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three
months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting
such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be unsecured and interest free. Advances
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable
Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements
to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance
of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee,
to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the
Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise.
This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment
is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The
Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The
Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty
or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

8

11. PROCEDURE
FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee
agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information
or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or
exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee
may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement.
Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion.
Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined
according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE
UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A
determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific
case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii)
if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy
of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing
with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis
for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee
shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity
making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons
or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure
and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company
hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

9

(b) In
the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it
of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the
Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying
that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall
have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is
withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have
been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which
shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the
person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or
arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility
in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The
Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto.

10

13. PRESUMPTIONS
AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In
making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection
with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company
(including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action
pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct,
nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct.

(b) If
the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee 12 shall be entitled to such
indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any
or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law or the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen
(15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For
purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based
on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the
directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records
given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing
member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee
of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be
deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e) The
knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent
or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11

14. REMEDIES
OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement
to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section
12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is
not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this
Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii)
payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance
with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted
by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein,
the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall
not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or
arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

12

(d) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures
and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator
that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the
Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach
of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance
policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined
to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case
may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest
shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless
or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date
on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses
and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15. SECURITY.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board,
the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through
an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked
or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

13

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY;
SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The
rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time
be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders
or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit
or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened,
commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee
in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by
statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would
be afforded currently under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein
conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition
to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment
of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The
Companies Law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance
or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety
bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or
her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising
out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under
the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance
of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee
under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee
shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification
Arrangement.

(c) To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

14

(d) In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, including with respect to any insurance. The Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary
to secure such 16 rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.
No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

(e) The
Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at
the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other
Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or
advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or
its affiliates is secondary.

17. DURATION
OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as
a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the
request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any
rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her
Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification
or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:
(a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion
of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that
is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; (b)
such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect
to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

15

19. ENFORCEMENT
AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The
Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without
limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company as they
may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The
indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall
be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall
inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d) The
Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially
all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The
Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable
and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree
that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any
necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall
not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree
that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
of the Company, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions
and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges
that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, Company hereby
waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

16

20. MODIFICATION
AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company
and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions
of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21. NOTICES.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed,
or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so
mailed:

(a) If
to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in
writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

NewHold Investment Corp III

52 Vanderbilt Avenue

Suite 2005

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Kevin Charlton

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in
writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE
LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any
arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court
and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement;
(c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead
or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum,
or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any
such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

17

23. IDENTICAL
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against
whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS.
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

25. PERIOD
OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against
Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the
date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless
asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL
ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable
the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER
OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
(each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys
initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or
she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against
such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE
OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for
which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance
companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or
policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under
such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the
Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

18

29. INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine
gender include the feminine gender; words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an electronic record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or.
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or
in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted
to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record
(as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement
itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised));

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) shall not apply.

[Signature Page Follows]

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III 

By: 

Name: Kevin Charlton 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature page - Indemnity Agreement]

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex99-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

NewHold
Investment Corp III Announces Closing of $201,250,000 Initial Public Offering, Including Full Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment
Option

New York, New York -- NewHold Investment
Corp III (the Company), a newly organized special purpose acquisition company formed as a Cayman Islands exempted company,
today announced the closing of its initial public offering of 20,125,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. This includes
the exercise in full by the underwriters of their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 units. Each unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant, which becomes exercisable 30 days after the
completion of the Companys initial business combination, will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at $11.50 per share. The units are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol NHICU.
No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Once the securities comprising
the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants are expected to be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols NHIC
and NHICW, respectively.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the offering, and the simultaneous private placement of units, to consummate the Companys initial business combination.

BTIG, LLC acted as sole book-running manager
for the offering.

The offering was made only by means of a
prospectus. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained from: BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street New York, New York 10022, or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com,
or by accessing the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

A registration statement relating to
the securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This press
release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About NewHold Investment Corp III

NewHold Investment Corp III is a blank check
company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company
may pursue a business combination in any sector, the Company will primarily focus on growing industrial and business services companies.
The Company is led by an experienced management team with Kevin Charlton as Chief Executive Officer, Samy Hammad as President and Chief
Operating Officer and Polly Schneck as Chief Financial Officer. For more information visit https://nhicspac.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that
constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the Companys initial public offering (IPO),
the anticipated use of the net proceeds thereof and the Companys search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given
that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of
which are beyond the control of NewHold Investment Corp III, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of NewHold Investment
Corp IIIs registration statement and prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov.
NewHold Investment Corp III undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release,
except as required by law.

Contacts:

Polly Schneck

Chief Financial Officer

pschneck@newholdllc.com

Investor & Media Contact:

Amanda Tarplin

amanda@tarplinconsulting.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea023324101ex99-2_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

NewHold
Investment Corp III Announces Pricing of $175 Million Initial Public Offering

New York, New York -- NewHold Investment
Corp III (the Company), a newly organized special purpose acquisition company formed as a Cayman Islands exempted company,
today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 17,500,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, with each unit
consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant, which becomes exercisable 30 days
after the completion of the Companys initial business combination, will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at $11.50 per share. The units are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol
NHICU beginning February 28, 2025. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants
will trade. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants are expected
to be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols NHIC and NHICW, respectively.

BTIG, LLC is acting as sole book-running
manager for the offering.

The Company has granted the underwriter
a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.
The offering is expected to close on March 3, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

A registration statement relating to the
securities sold in the initial public offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on February 27, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus may be obtained
from: BTIG, LLC, 65 East 55th Street New York, New York 10022, or by email at ProspectusDelivery@btig.com, or by accessing the SECs
website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute
an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

About NewHold Investment Corp III

NewHold Investment Corp III is a blank check
company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company
may pursue a business combination in any sector, the Company will primarily focus on growing industrial and business services companies.
The Company is led by an experienced management team with Kevin Charlton as Chief Executive Officer, Samy Hammad as President and Chief
Operating Officer and Polly Schneck as Chief Financial Officer. For more information visit https://nhicspac.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that
constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the Companys initial public offering (IPO)
and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms
described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
conditions, many of which are beyond the control of NewHold Investment Corp III, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section
of NewHold Investment Corp IIIs registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available
on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. NewHold Investment Corp III undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions
or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contacts:

Polly Schneck

Chief Financial Officer

pschneck@newholdllc.com

Investor & Media Contact:

Amanda Tarplin

amanda@tarplinconsulting.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>nhic-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>nhic-20250227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>nhic-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>nhic-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42541

Entity Registrant Name NewHold
Investment Corp III

Entity Central Index Key 0002043699

Entity Tax Identification Number 32-0781832

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 52
Vanderbilt Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
2005

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 653-0153

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol NHICU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NHIC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol NHICW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHIC_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHIC_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHIC_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://newholdinvestmentcorp3.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233241-8k_newhold3.htm 
nhic-20250227.xsd 
nhic-20250227_def.xml 
nhic-20250227_lab.xml 
nhic-20250227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-020898-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ea0233241-8k_newhold3_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002043699 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002043699 

NHIC:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002043699 

NHIC:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0002043699 

NHIC:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0002043699 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
NewHold Investment Corp III 
E9 
001-42541 
32-0781832 
52 Vanderbilt Avenue 
Suite 2005 
New York 
NY 
10017 
212 
653-0153 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
NHICU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
NHIC 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
NHICW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>