<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008294.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008294.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226091521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250225
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			N2OFF, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001789192
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264684680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40403
		FILM NUMBER:		25666475

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972544561349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Save Foods, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230410

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Save Foods Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190924
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178919200017891922025-02-252025-02-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 25, 2025

N2OFF,
Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40403 26-4684680

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

HaPardes
134 (Meshek Sander)

Neve
Yarak, Israel 4994500

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(347)468-9583

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share NITO The
Nasdaq Capital Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

-2-

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Agreement

On
February 25, 2025, N2OFF, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into a Securities Purchase and Exchange Agreement
(the Agreement) with MitoCareX Bio Ltd., a private company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel (MitoCareX),
SciSparc Ltd., a public company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel (SciSparc), Dr. Alon Silberman (Alon)
and Prof. Ciro Leonardo Pierri (Ciro, together with SciSparc and Alon, the Sellers, and together with the
Company and MitoCareX, the Parties) pursuant to which the Company will acquire from each of the Sellers their
respective ordinary shares, nominal (par) value NIS 0.01 each, of MitoCareX (the Ordinary Shares), thereby resulting in
MitoCareX becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants
by each of the Parties. The closing of the Agreement is contingent upon, among other customary obligations, obtaining approval of the
Companys stockholders by the requisite majority.

Securities
Purchase. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, on the closing date of the transactions contemplated
under the Agreement (the Closing, and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date), SciSparc
will transfer and sell 6,622 Ordinary Shares to the Company (the Purchased Shares), in consideration for
a cash payment of $700,000; contingent upon the transfer of Alons Shares, Ciros Shares and SciSparcs Exchanged Shares
(each as defined below) to the Company. Either Party may terminate the Agreement if the Closing Date has not occurred within ninety days
of February 25, 2025.

Securities
Exchange. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, on the Closing Date the Company will issue and deliver
(i) shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) to Alon representing 15.50% of the
Company on a fully-diluted basis; (ii) shares of Common Stock to Ciro representing 7.75% of the Company on a fully-diluted basis;
and (iii) shares of Common Stock to SciSparc representing 16.75% on a fully-diluted basis, calculated in each case as of
immediately following the Closing (collectively, the Exchanged Common Stock); and as consideration for the Exchanged Common
Stock, (1) Alon will transfer 11,166 Ordinary Shares to the Company, which will represent 100% of the Ordinary Shares owned by Alon as
of the Closing Date (Alons Shares); (2) Ciro will transfer 5,584 Ordinary Shares to the Company, which will represent
100% of the Ordinary Shares owned by Ciro as of the Closing Date (Ciros Shares); and (3) SciSparc will transfer
12,066 Ordinary Shares to the Company (SciSparcs Exchanged Shares and together with Alons Shares and
Ciros Shares, the Exchanged Ordinary Shares), such that, together with the Purchased Shares, the Company will receive
100% of SciSparcs holdings in MitoCareX.

Milestone
Issuances of Common Stock. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, following the Closing Date, the
Sellers will receive such number of additional shares of Common Stock, for no additional consideration, that reflects an aggregate amount
of up to 25% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company on a fully-diluted basis calculated as of immediately following
the Closing Date (the Additional Company Stock, together with the Exchanged Common Stock, the Total Common Stock),
which Additional Company Stock, if the respective Milestones are achieved as set forth in the Agreement, will be duly issued in
installments based on the achievement of each Milestone, as set forth in the Agreement, and will be allocated amongst the Sellers
as follows: 50% to SciSparc, 33.33% to Alon and 16.67% to Ciro. Each respective portion of the Additional Company Stock will be
deemed earned and issuable upon the fulfilment of the respective milestones set forth in the Agreement (each a Milestone),
and will be issued to the Sellers within five business days after the achievement of the respective Milestone. The Sellers eligibility
to receive Additional Company Stock will terminate on December 31, 2028, such that if a specific Milestone is not achieved and therefore
the right to receive the respective number of shares of Additional Company Stock issuable upon the achievement of such Milestone is not
earned by December 31, 2028, the right to receive the number of shares of Additional Company Stock attributable to any such non-achieved
Milestone pursuant to the Agreement will terminate.

The
Total Common Stock described herein have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements.

-3-

MitoCareX
Board Composition. Effective as of the Closing Date, the board of directors of MitoCareX will be reconstituted so as to consist of
three directors, all of whom will be appointed by the Company.

Employment
and Compensatory Arrangement for Alon. Immediately prior to the Closing Date, Alon will enter into an amended employment agreement
(the Amended CEO Agreement) with the Company and MitoCareX in connection with his employment as the Chief Executive Officer
of MitoCareX, which Amended CEO Agreement provides, among other things, for a grant of restricted stock representing 5% of the capital
stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis (calculated as of immediately following the Closing), pursuant to the Companys 2022
Share Incentive Plan. Such shares will vest quarterly, in equal installments, over a period of three years beginning as
of the Closing Date, subject to Alons continued employment with MitoCareX.

Future
Proceeds of N2OFF Capital Raises. As additional consideration for the Exchanged Ordinary Shares, SciSparc, Alon and Ciro will receive,
collectively, 30% of the gross proceeds of each financing transaction closed by the Company within five years of the Closing Date, provided
that the maximum amount payable to the foregoing parties will be $1,600,000.

Future
Financing of MitoCareX. Upon closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, the Company has committed to an initial investment
of $1,000,000 in MitoCareX less any such amounts paid to MitoCareX pursuant to the loan agreement, dated December 22, 2024, among the
Company, MitoCareX and L.I.A. Pure Capital Ltd. (Pure Capital). Furthermore, at all times after the foregoing initial
investment, the Company will make available to MitoCareX such amount of funding necessary to finance MitoCareXs ongoing research
and development and other costs, provided that (i) the board of directors of the Company has approved in advance thereof an operating
plan for MitoCareX and (ii) the Company possesses the financial resources necessary to provide such funding.

Related
Parties. The Agreement was approved by the audit committee and the board of directors of the Company specifically
in light of certain related party components of the transactions contemplated under the Agreement, including that Alon is the brother
of Kfir Silberman, the owner of Pure Capital, a stockholder and lender of the Company owning 9.78% of the Common Stock of the
Company as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and each of Amitay Weiss and Liat Sidi, board members of the Company, also
serve as board members of SciSparc.

A
copy of the Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing
summary is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to such exhibit.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD
Disclosure.

On
February 26, 2025, the Company, issued a press release entitled N2OFF Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Next-Gen Computational
Drug Discovery Company Targeting Resistant Cancers. The press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit
99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and will not be deemed filed for the purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor will it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing made by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof,
except as will be expressly set forth by specific reference to this Current Report on Form 8-K in
such filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a)
Financial Statements of the Company

The
Company will file the financial statements required to be filed by this Item 9.01(a) not later than seventy-one (71) calendar days after
the date on which the Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Information.

The
Company will file the financial statements required to be filed by this Item 9.01(b) not later than seventy-one (71) calendar days after
the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Securities
Purchase and Exchange Agreement, dated February 25, 2025, among the Company, MitoCareX Bio Ltd., SciSparc Ltd., Dr. Alon Silberman
and Prof. Ciro Leonardo Pierri

99.1 Press release, dated February 26, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-4-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

N2OFF,
Inc.

Date:
February 26, 2025 By: /s/
David Palach

Name: David
Palach

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is entered into as of February 25, 2025 by and
among N2OFF, Inc., a Nevada corporation, with an office address of HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander), Neve Yarak, Israel (N2OFF
or the Purchaser), MitoCareX Bio Ltd., a private company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel,
whose principal address is at 40 Gordon Street, Givatayim, Israel (MitoCareX), SciSparc Ltd., a public company
incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, whose principal address is at 20 Raul Wallenberg St., Tel Aviv, Israel (SciSparc),
Dr. Alon Silberman, Israeli ID Number 033264292 , residing at 40 Gordon Street, Givatayim, Israel (Alon),
Prof. Ciro Leonardo Pierri, bearer of Italian passport No. YA7291658, residing at Via dello stadio 19, 74021 Carosino (TA), Italy (Ciro,
together with SciSparc and Alon, the Sellers). Each of N2OFF, MitoCareX, SciSparc, Alon and Ciro shall be
referred to as a Party and collectively, the Parties.

WHEREAS,
MitoCareX is a drug discovery company utilizing its generated knowledge and know-how in the field for potentially targeting each of the
53 human mitochondrial carriers;

WHEREAS,
the Sellers are the holders and/or beneficial owners of 100% of the issued and outstanding share capital of MitoCareX on a fully diluted
basis; and

WHEREAS,
the Purchaser desires to acquire from each of the Sellers their respective ordinary shares, nominal (par) value NIS 0.01 each, of MitoCareX
(the Ordinary Shares), thereby resulting in MitoCareX becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser,
in accordance with the terms provided herein.

NOW
THEREFORE, on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the
mutual benefits to the Parties to be derived herefrom, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE

Section
1.01 Securities Purchase. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, SciSparc shall
transfer and sell to the Purchaser 6,622 Ordinary Shares (SciSparcs Purchased Shares), in consideration
for a cash payment equal to $700,000 (the Cash Payment); notwithstanding the foregoing, the sale of SciSparcs
Purchased Shares to the Purchaser shall be subject to and contingent upon the transfer of Alons Shares, Ciros Shares and
SciSparcs Exchanged Shares (each as defined below) to the Purchaser.

Section
1.02 Securities Exchange. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing:

(a)
the Purchaser shall issue and deliver:

(1) shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) to Alon representing 15.50% of the capital stock
of the Purchaser on a Fully-Diluted Basis, calculated as of immediately following the Closing; 

(2) shares
of Common Stock to Ciro representing 7.75% of the capital stock of the Purchaser on a Fully-Diluted Basis, calculated as of immediately
following the Closing; and 

(3) 

shares
of Common Stock to SciSparc representing 16.75% of the capital stock of the Purchaser on a Fully-Diluted Basis, calculated as of immediately
following the Closing; 

(collectively, the Exchanged Common Stock); and

(b)
in consideration for the Exchanged Common Stock, each of the Sellers shall transfer to the Purchaser the number of Ordinary Shares as
listed below with respect to such Seller, calculated based on the Valuations, such that:

(1) Alon
shall transfer to the Purchaser 11,166 Ordinary Shares, which shall represent 100% of the Ordinary Shares owned by Alon as of immediately
prior to the Closing (Alons Shares);

(2) Ciro
shall transfer to the Purchaser 5,584 Ordinary Shares, which shall represent 100% of the Ordinary Shares owned by Ciro as of immediately
prior to the Closing (Ciros Shares); and 

(3) SciSparc
shall transfer to the Purchaser 12,066 Ordinary Shares, which together with SciSparcs Purchased Shares shall represent 100%
of the Ordinary Shares owned by SciSparc as of immediately prior to the Closing (SciSparcs Exchanged Shares
together with SciSparcs Purchased Shares, the SciSparc Shares, and the SciSparc Exchanged Shares
together with Alons Shares and Ciros Shares, the Exchanged Ordinary Shares).

(c)
As additional consideration for the Exchanged Ordinary Shares, Alon, Ciro and SciSparc shall receive, collectively, 30% of the gross
proceeds of each financing transaction of the Purchaser consummated within five (5) years of the Closing Date, to be divided among them
as follows: SciSparc- 15% of such gross proceeds; Alon- 10% of such gross proceeds; and Ciro- 5% of such gross proceeds; to be paid to
them within twenty (20) days of the receipt by Purchaser of any gross proceeds as aforesaid, provided, however, that the maximum aggregate
amount payable to SciSparc, Alon and Ciro pursuant to this Section 1.02(c) shall be US$1,600,000 (US$800,000 to SciSparc; US$533,333
to Alon; and US$266,667 to Ciro).

The
issuance of the Exchanged Common Stock and any Additional Purchaser Stock (as defined below) (collectively the Purchaser
Consideration Stock), in consideration for the Exchanged Ordinary Shares shall be referred to herein as the Share
Exchange.

Section
1.03 Milestone Issuances of Common Stock. Following the Closing, the Sellers will receive such number of additional shares of
Common Stock, for no additional consideration, that reflects an aggregate amount of up to 25% of the issued and outstanding capital stock
of the Purchaser on a Fully-Diluted Basis calculated as of immediately following the Closing (the Additional Purchaser Stock),
which Additional Purchaser Stock, if the respective Milestones are achieved as set forth below, shall be duly issued in installments
based on the achievement of each Milestone, as set forth in Schedule 1.03 attached hereto, and shall be allocated amongst the
Sellers as follows: 50% of any Additional Purchaser Stock to SciSparc; 33.33% to Alon; and 16.67% to Ciro. Each respective portion of
the Additional Purchaser Stock shall be deemed earned and issuable upon the fulfilment of the respective milestones set forth in Schedule
1.03 (each a Milestone), and shall be issued to the Sellers within five (5) business days after the achievement
of the respective Milestone. The Sellers eligibility to receive Additional Purchaser Stock shall terminate on December 31, 2028,
such that if a specific Milestone is not achieved and therefore the right to receive the respective number of Additional Purchaser Stock
issuable upon the achievement of such Milestone is not earned by December 31, 2028, the right to receive the number of Additional Purchaser
Stock attributable to any such non-achieved Milestone pursuant to this Section 1.03 shall terminate. If there is a dispute between the
Parties as to whether or not a Milestone was achieved, and they are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days, the Parties shall
in good faith mutually agree on an independent third party that shall be delegated absolute discretion to determine whether or not a
Milestone was achieved, and such determination shall be final and binding upon all Parties absent manifest error.

Section
1.04 Board Composition. Effective as of the Closing, the board of directors of MitoCareX shall be reconstituted so as to consist
of three (3) directors, all of whom shall be appointed by N2OFF.

Section
1.05 Signatory Rights. Effective as of the Closing, MitoCareX shall adopt amended signatory rights in such form and substance
as shall be approved by N2OFF prior to the date thereof (the Signatory Rights).

Section
1.06 Amended and Restated Articles. MitoCareX shall adopt effective as of the Closing the Amended and Restated Articles of Association
in the form attached hereto as Annex A (the Restated Articles). The Exchanged Ordinary Shares
shall have and confer upon N2OFF the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions set forth in the Restated Articles, as may be amended
from time to time in accordance with their terms.

Section
1.07 Employment and Compensatory Arrangement for Alon. Simultaneously with the Closing, Alon shall enter into an amended employment
agreement (the Amended CEO Agreement) with N2OFF and MitoCareX in connection with his employment as the Chief
Executive Officer of MitoCareX, in the form attached hereto as Schedule 1.07(a), and N2OFF and Alon shall enter into a restricted
stock unit agreement in the form attached hereto as Schedule 1.07(b) (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement),
which Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall grant Alon restricted stock units of N2OFF (RSUs) representing 5% of
the capital stock of N2OFF on a Fully-Diluted Basis (calculated as of immediately following the Closing), pursuant to N2OFFs 2022
Share Incentive Plan without any requirement for Alon to pay an exercise price or provide other consideration. Such RSUs shall vest quarterly,
in equal installments, over a period of three years beginning as of the Closing Date and until the third anniversary of the Closing Date,
subject to Alons continued employment with MitoCareX. 

Section
1.08 Closing. The closing (the Closing) of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Transactions)
shall take place on such date (the Closing Date) that all conditions precedent and obligations of the Parties
to consummate such Transactions contemplated hereby, including as set forth in Section 1.11 below, are satisfied or waived by the respective
Party, at such location to be determined by the Parties. Either Party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the Closing Date
shall not have occurred within ninety (90) days of the date hereof; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 1.08 shall not be available to any party hereto (i) whose actions or omissions have been a principal cause of,
or primarily resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a
breach of this Agreement or (ii) that is in material breach of this Agreement.

Section
1.09 Closing Deliverables.

(a)
Delivery by N2OFF. At Closing, N2OFF shall deliver:

to
each of the Sellers:

(1) letter
of good standing as of the Closing Date

(2) share
transfer deeds, to each of the Sellers, with respect to the Exchanged Ordinary Shares duly executed by the Purchaser 

(3) evidence
of the instructions to the transfer agent of the Purchaser for the issuance of the Exchanged Common Stock in the name of each Seller

(4) true
and correct copies of written resolutions, or minutes of a meeting, of the board of directors of N2OFF, approving and adopting in
all respects the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated hereby, including the Amended
CEO Agreement and the Restricted Share Unit Agreement. 

to
SciSparc:

(1) evidence
of payment of the Cash Payment to SciSparc 

to
each of Alon and MitoCareX:

(1) the
Amended CEO Agreement signed by N2OFF

to
Alon:

(1) the
Restricted Share Unit Agreement signed by N2OFF 

(b)
Delivery by each of Alon and Ciro. At Closing, each of Alon and Ciro shall deliver to N2OFF:

(1) a
duly completed and executed Regulation S Questionnaire, in the form attached hereto as Annex B

(c)
Delivery by Alon: At Closing, Alon shall deliver:

to
each of N2OFF and MitoCareX:

(1) the
Amended CEO Agreement signed by Alon 

to
N2OFF:

(1) the
Restricted Share Unit Agreement signed by Alon

(d)
Delivery by SciSparc. At Closing, SciSparc shall deliver:

to
N2OFF, Alon and Ciro:

(1) true
and correct copies of written resolutions, or minutes of a meeting, of the audit committee, board of directors and shareholders (if
applicable) of SciSparc, approving and adopting in all respects the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Transactions contemplated hereby.

(2) letter
of good standing (or the jurisdictional equivalent) as of the Closing Date

to
N2OFF:

(1) a
duly completed and executed Regulation S Questionnaire, in the form attached hereto as Annex B

(2) confirmation
of receipt of the Cash Payment

(e)
Delivery by MitoCareX. At Closing, MitoCareX shall deliver:

to
N2OFF and Alon:

(1) the
Amended CEO Agreement signed by MitocareX 

to
N2OFF:

(1) the
Disclosure Schedule, duly certified by an office holder of MitoCareX

(2) true
and correct copies of written resolutions, or minutes of a meeting, of the board of directors and shareholders of MitoCareX, approving
and adopting in all respects the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Restated Articles and Signatory Rights

(3) letter
of good standing (or the jurisdictional equivalent) as of the Closing Date 

(4) copy
of the register of shareholders of MitoCareX, certified by an office holder of MitoCareX, in which the Exchanged Ordinary Shares
are registered in the name of N2OFF

(5) audited
financial statements of MitoCareX as of December 31, 2024 prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated and such other interim financial
statements as shall be required upon Closing for purposes of complying with the Purchasers reporting obligations under the
Exchange Act and other applicable laws and regulations as may be required, as shall be notified by Purchaser to MitoCareX as soon
as practicable after becoming aware of the need for such interim financial statements

(6) the
Restated Articles of MitoCareX 

Section
1.10 Conditions to Closing. The respective obligations of each of the Parties to effect the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction
at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Delivery of the items set forth in Section 1.09 of this Agreement.

(b)
Approval by the stockholders of N2OFF of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated
hereby.

(c)
No Injunctions. In connection with each of N2OFF, SciSparc and MitoCareX, no statute, rule, regulation, order, decree, ruling
or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, endorsed or threatened or is pending by or before any governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which in any material respect restricts, prohibits or threatens to restrict or prohibit the consummation of
any of the transactions contemplated herein.

(d)
Israel Tax Authority. The Parties shall have obtained a ruling issued by the Israel Tax Authority, in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Parties

(e)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by each of the Parties herein shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing with the same effect as if the representations and warranties were
made as of the date hereof and as of the Closing.

(f)
Covenants. All covenants, agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement to be performed by either Party on or prior to
the Closing shall have been performed or complied with in all material respects.

Section
1.10 Taxes. Each of the Parties shall separately bear the tax consequences arising from the issuances, transfers and deliveries
of the Ordinary Shares and Common Stock, as applicable.

Section
1.11 Certain Terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings unless otherwise provided herein:

(a)
Convertible Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock.

(b)
Encumbrance means any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, encumbrance, claim,
infringement, interference, option, right of first refusal, co-sale, tag along or drag along right, preemptive right, community property
interest or restriction of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer of any
security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any asset
and any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).

(c)
Fully-Diluted Basis means 27,734,248 shares of Common Stock in accordance with the table set forth in Schedule
1.11(c) and any additional shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued or granted after the date hereof and
on or before Closing.

(d)
Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change shall mean any change or effect
that either individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes or effects is materially adverse to the business, assets, properties,
condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of each of the Parties taken as a whole.

(e)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase (i) Common Stock or any share
capital into which such Common Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification, reorganization or
reclassification of such Common Stock or (ii) Convertible Securities.

(f)
Person means any individual, partnership, corporation, association, joint stock company, trust, joint venture,
unincorporated organization or governmental entity (or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity.

(g)
subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (as defined below), any entity controlled by such Person and
control shall mean with respect to any entity, the direct or indirect ownership of (i) more than 50% of the
voting rights or the issued and outstanding share capital, or the equivalent, of such entity, or (ii) the right to appoint a majority
of the board of directors or of an equivalent governing body of such entity, whether by agreement or otherwise. The words controls
and controlled shall have correlative meanings.

(h)
Transaction Documents means this Agreement and the other agreements, instruments or documents entered into
in connection with this Agreement.

ARTICLE
II

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF N2OFF

N2OFF
represents and warrants to, and covenants with, each of the Sellers that, as of the date hereof, and as of the Closing (as if made on
the Closing Date), except for those representations and warranties and covenants that speak of a different date:

Section
2.01 Exchanged Common Stock. The Exchanged Common Stock shall represent 40.0% of the capital stock of N2OFF on a Fully-Diluted
Basis (calculated immediately following the Closing).

The
Purchaser Consideration Stock, including the Exchanged Common Stock, any Additional Purchaser Stock, when issued, sold and delivered
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the consideration expressed herein, shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable, issued in compliance with all applicable laws, and free and clear of Encumbrances. All preemptive, participation and
other similar rights with respect to the issuance of the Purchaser Consideration Stock as contemplated hereunder have been fully waived
or have lapsed prior to the date hereof. The offer, sale and issuance of the shares of the Purchaser Consideration Stock to be issued
pursuant to this Agreement constitute transactions exempted from the registration requirements of Section 15 of the Securities Act and
the Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended. The rights, privileges and preferences of the shares of the Purchaser Consideration Stock
are as stated in the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with their terms (the Charter
Documents).

Section
2.02 Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.

(a)
N2OFF is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and each of its Subsidiaries
(as defined below) is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
and each of N2OFF and its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and other
assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted. N2OFF is not in violation of its Charter Documents and no Subsidiary is in
violation of its respective charter documents or the equivalent thereof in its jurisdiction of incorporation

(b)
A complete list of all of the material subsidiaries of N2OFF, including their jurisdiction of incorporation, is set forth in Schedule
2.02 attached hereto (each a Subsidiary and together the Subsidiaries).

Section
2.03 Capital Structure. The authorized capital stock of N2OFF consists of (i) 495,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par
value, of which (a) 15,335,618 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, (b) 12,396,058 shares are subject to Options
or warrants or other Convertible Securities, which are outstanding as of the date hereof, and (c) 2,572 shares are the subject of commitments
that N2OFF has committed to issue to certain recipients, other than the Sellers, following the date hereof, and (ii) 5,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, of which none are issued and outstanding. Immediately following the Closing, the authorized capital
stock of N2OFF will consist of (i) 495,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, of which (a) 52,314,615 shares will be issued
and outstanding, (b) 40,130,306 shares will be subject to Options or warrants or other Convertible Securities, and (c) 2,572 shares which
will be the subject of commitments that N2OFF has committed to issue to certain recipients, other than the Sellers, following the Closing,
and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, none of which none will be issued and outstanding. Except as disclosed
in the N2OFF Reports (as defined below) and as set forth herein, there are no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes, Convertible Securities,
Options, or other indebtedness or other securities of N2OFF having the right to vote or the right to participate in or receive dividends
(or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote or the right to participate in or receive dividends) on
any matters of which stockholders of N2OFF are entitled to vote on. Except as disclosed in N2OFF Reports and as set forth herein, there
are no outstanding securities, Convertible Securities, Options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings
of any kind to which N2OFF is a party or by which it is bound obligating N2OFF to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, additional Common Stock of N2OFF or other equity or voting securities of N2OFF or obligating N2OFF to issue, grant, extend or
enter into any such Convertible Securities, Option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. There are
no outstanding contractual obligations, commitments, understandings or arrangements of N2OFF to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
or make any payment in respect of any Common Stock of N2OFF or any other securities of N2OFF. Except for registration rights granted
to L.I.A. Pure Capital Ltd. with respect to warrants to purchase 1,850,000 shares of Common Stock and corresponding anti-dilution rights
as disclosed in the N2OFF Reports, there are no agreements or arrangements pursuant to which N2OFF is or could be required to register
its Common Stock or other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or
other agreements or arrangements with or among any holders of N2OFF or with respect to any securities of N2OFF.

Section
2.04 Authority; Non-Contravention.

(a)
N2OFF has all requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by N2OFF and the consummation by N2OFF of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been (or at Closing will have been) duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of N2OFF.

(b)
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by and constitute valid and binding obligations
of N2OFF, enforceable in accordance with their terms. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result
in any breach or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of or put right with respect to any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or
result in the creation of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of N2OFF or its Subsidiaries under, (i) the Charter Documents
of N2OFF or the equivalent documents of any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license applicable to N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets, or (iii), any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award
applicable to N2OFF, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens that individually or in the aggregate could not have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to N2OFF or could not prevent, hinder or materially delay the ability of N2OFF to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice
to, any governmental entity is required by or with respect to N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by N2OFF or the consummation by N2OFF of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)
At meetings duly called and held prior to the execution of this Agreement, the board of directors of N2OFF unanimously (among those present
and voting at a duly convened meeting at which a quorum was present throughout) (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Amended CEO Agreement, the Restricted Share Unit Agreement and the issuance of the Purchaser Consideration
Stock, are advisable; (ii) approved this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Amended CEO Agreement, the Restricted Share Unit Agreement and the issuance, as and when issuable pursuant to the terms hereof, of the
Purchaser Consideration Stock.

Section
2.05 Company Reports.

(a)
Since January 1, 2023, N2OFF has filed all forms, reports and documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
that have been required to be filed by it under applicable laws prior to the date hereof (all such forms, reports and documents,
together with all documents filed or furnished on a voluntary basis and all exhibits and schedules thereto, the N2OFF Reports).
As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on the date of such amended or superseded
filing), (i) each N2OFF Report complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and/or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), as the case may be, each as in effect on the date such N2OFF Report was filed, and (ii)
each N2OFF Report did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the knowledge of N2OFF,
none of the N2OFF Reports is the subject of any pending SEC review or investigation or to the knowledge of N2OFF any threatened investigation
or review.

(b)
As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding unresolved comments with respect to any of the N2OFF Reports noted in any written comment
letter from the SEC.

(c)
None of the Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports, schedules, statements or other documents with the SEC.

(d)
No principal executive officer of N2OFF has failed to make the certifications required of him or her under Section 302 or 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to any N2OFF Report, except as disclosed in certifications filed with the N2OFF Reports. Since January
1, 2023, neither N2OFF nor any of its principal executive officers has received notice from any governmental entity challenging or questioning
the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing of such certifications. For purposes of this Section 2.05(d), principal executive
officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(e)
The financial statements included in the N2OFF Reports comply in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and
the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. The financial statements included in the
N2OFF Reports have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent
basis (GAAP), and fairly represent the financial position of N2OFF and as of and for the dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end
audit adjustments and the omission of certain footnotes. Except as set forth in the N2OFF Reports, N2OFF has no liabilities or obligations
of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by GAAP to be set forth on a balance sheet of N2OFF or in
the notes thereto.

(f)
N2OFF maintains a system of internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance (i) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP; (ii) that receipts and expenditures are executed in accordance with the authorization of management; and (iii)
that any unauthorized use, acquisition or disposition of N2OFFs assets that would materially affect N2OFFs financial statements
would be detected or prevented in a timely manner.

(g)
Since January 1, 2023, neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries (nor, to the knowledge of N2OFF, any employee thereof) nor N2OFFs
independent auditors has identified or been made aware of any (i) significant deficiency or material weakness in the system of internal
accounting controls utilized by N2OFF and its Subsidiaries, other than as disclosed in the N2OFF Reports; (ii) fraud, whether or not
material, that involves N2OFFs management or other employees who have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the
internal accounting controls utilized by N2OFF and its Subsidiaries; or (iii) claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

(h)
Neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, partnership agreement
or any similar contract (including any contract relating to any transaction, arrangement or relationship between or among N2OFF or any
of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated affiliate, including any structured finance, special purpose or limited
purpose entity or Person, on the other hand (such as any arrangement described in Section 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K of the SEC)) where
the purpose of such arrangement is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving N2OFF or any its Subsidiaries in N2OFFs
consolidated financial statements.

(i)
Since January 1, 2023, (i) neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of N2OFF, no director, officer, employee,
auditor, accountant, consultant or representative of N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge
of any substantive complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, that N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged
in accounting or auditing practices in violation of applicable law or applicable requirements of GAAP.

(j)
Since January 1, 2023, (i) to the knowledge of N2OFF, no employee of N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries has provided information to any
law enforcement agency regarding the commission or possible commission of any crime or the violation or possible violation of any applicable
law of the type described in Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) neither N2OFF nor any
of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of N2OFF, any director, officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor or agent of N2OFF or any
such Subsidiary has discharged, demoted, suspended, threatened, harassed or in any other manner discriminated against an employee of
N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries in the terms and conditions of employment because of any lawful act of such employee described in Section
806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(k)
Neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities required to be disclosed by GAAP other than (i) liabilities reflected or
otherwise reserved against in the N2OFF balance sheet; (ii) liabilities under this Agreement; (iii) incurred in connection with the preparation
and negotiation of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including fees and expenses
payable to any accountant, outside legal counsel or financial advisor in connection therewith; (iv) executory obligations under any contract
to which N2OFF is a party or is bound and that are not in the nature of breaches that are required by GAAP to be disclosed in a balance
sheet; and (v) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since the date of the N2OFF balance sheet that would not have
a Material Adverse Effect on N2OFF.

Section
2.06 Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or, to the knowledge of N2OFF, threatened against N2OFF or any
of its Subsidiaries. Neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award of
any court or any governmental authority.

Section
2.07 Compliance.

(a)
N2OFF has not been advised, nor does N2OFF have reason to believe, that it, and each of its Subsidiaries, is not conducting its business
in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it is conducting its business and neither
N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default, breach or violation of, in any material respect, any applicable
law, rule or regulation or order applicable to N2OFF or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of N2OFF or its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, where such conflict, default, breach or violation would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on N2OFF.

(b)
Neither N2OFF nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of or been charged with the violation of any law and there
is no threatened action or proceeding against N2OFF under any of such laws. N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries is not in violation of
or default under (i) N2OFFs currently effective Charter Documents, or (ii) any order, writ, injunction, decree or judgment of
any court or any governmental department, commission or agency, domestic or foreign, to which it is subject or by which it is bound.
N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries has obtained all franchises, permits, licenses, consents and any similar authorizations that are material
to its business, under applicable law, and are in compliance with such franchises, permits, licenses, consents and similar authorizations.
N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries assets are not subject to any restriction or limitation or require a license or registration
under applicable laws relating to marketing, export or import controls. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither N2OFF
nor any of its Subsidiaries is using or developing, or otherwise engaged in, encryption technology or other technology whose development,
commercialization or export is restricted.

Section
2.08 Absence of Certain Changes. Except for actions expressly contemplated by this Agreement, since January 1, 2023 through the
date of this Agreement there has not been any Material Adverse Effect on N2OFF.

Section
2.09 Material Agreements. All material agreements to which N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries is a party are included as part of
or specifically identified in the N2OFF Reports to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC as in effect at the time
of filing (N2OFF Material Agreements). Except for the N2OFF Material Agreements, N2OFF and its Subsidiaries
have no material contracts. Neither N2OFF nor, any of its Subsidiaries or to N2OFFs Knowledge any other party to any of the N2OFF
Material Agreements, is in breach of or default under any of such contracts.

Section
2.10 Taxes.

(a)
Except as disclosed in the N2OFF Reports, N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income
and franchise tax returns and all such tax returns were true, correct and complete in all respects and has paid or accrued all taxes
shown as due thereon, and N2OFF has no knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it or
against any of its Subsidiaries.

(b)
N2OFF has not constituted either a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation in a distribution
of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code in the last two years; and neither N2OFF nor any of
its Subsidiaries does or has ever engaged in a reportable transaction under Treas. Reg. 1.6011-4(b).

Section
2.11 Conformity of Descriptions. The Purchaser Consideration Stock, as and when issued, will conform in all material respects
to the descriptions of the Common Stock contained in the N2OFF Reports and other filings with the SEC.

Section
2.12 Disclosure Controls. N2OFF has in place disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange
Act) that are designed to ensure that (i) all material information that is required to be disclosed by N2OFF in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported to N2OFFs principal executive officer and N2OFFs
principal financial officer or Persons performing similar functions for preparing such reports within the time periods specified in the
rules and forms of the SEC; and (ii) all such information is accumulated and communicated to N2OFFs management as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Section
2.13 Export Control and Import Laws. 

(a)
To the knowledge of N2OFF, N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted their import and export transactions in accordance, in all
material respects, with applicable provisions of Israeli, U.S. and other trade laws of the countries where it conducts business.

(b)
To the knowledge of N2OFF, N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all export licenses and other approvals required for their
exports of products, software and technologies from Israel, the U.S. or any other country from which N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries
exports products, software or technologies, in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material
Adverse Effect on N2OFF. To the knowledge of N2OFF, N2OFF and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with
the terms of such applicable export licenses or other approvals

Section
2.14 Anti-Bribery Laws. Neither N2OFF, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective officers, directors, employees, nor, to
the knowledge of N2OFF, any of their respective agents or other Persons acting on their behalf has (i) used any corporate funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful payments relating to political activity, or (ii) made, promised, offered, or authorized
any unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee or to any foreign or domestic political party or campaign
in violation of any provision of the FCPA or any other anti-bribery laws (but, in each case, only to the extent such anti-bribery law
is applicable to N2OFF or such Subsidiary), (iii) taken any act or omission in violation of such applicable anti-bribery laws, or (iv)
received any allegation regarding potential or actual violations of such applicable anti-bribery laws. N2OFF and its Subsidiaries have
maintained accurate books and records and adopted and implemented internal controls, policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
with applicable anti-bribery laws.

Section
2.15 Related Party Transactions. Except as set forth in the N2OFF Reports or compensation or other employment arrangements in
the ordinary course of business and except to the extent not required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act, there are no transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings between N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and any affiliate (including any officer or director, but not including any wholly owned subsidiary of N2OFF) thereof
or any stockholder that beneficially owns 5% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, on the other hand.

Section
2.16 Brokers; Fees and Expenses. There is no investment banker, broker, finder or similar agent or other Person that has been
retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of N2OFF or any of its Subsidiaries who is entitled to any financial advisors, brokerage,
finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
2.17

(a)
Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Exchanged Ordinary Shares proposed to be acquired by N2OFF hereunder will be acquired for
investment for N2OFFs own account and not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part
thereof, and N2OFF has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in or otherwise distributing the Exchanged Ordinary
Shares, except in compliance with applicable securities laws. N2OFF further represents that it does not have any contract, undertaking,
agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such Person with respect to the Exchanged Ordinary
Shares. 

(b)
N2OFF (i) can bear the economic risk of its investment and (ii) possesses such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in MitoCareX and its securities and the purchase of the Exchanged
Ordinary Shares from the Sellers.

Section
2.18 Disclosure. All disclosure provided to the Sellers regarding N2OFF, its Subsidiaries and their business and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the exhibits to this Agreement, furnished by N2OFF with respect to the representations and warranties
made herein are true and correct with respect to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

Each
of the Sellers, severally, as to itself, and not jointly, represents and warrants to N2OFF that, as of the date hereof, and as of the
Closing (as if made on the Closing Date), except for those representations and warranties that speak of a different date:

Section
3.01 Exchanged Ordinary Shares. The Exchanged Ordinary Shares of such Seller shall represent 100% of such Sellers ownership
of Ordinary Shares as of immediately prior to the Closing.

Section
3.02 SciSparc Authorization; Validity. SciSparc is duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Israel
and is not a breaching company (within the meaning of Section 362.A of the Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999 (the Israeli
Companies Law)). SciSparc has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder. All corporate action required to be taken by SciSparcs board of directors in order to authorize
SciSparc to enter into this Agreement and all exhibits, schedules and ancillary documents thereto, and to transfer the SciSparc Shares
at the Closing. All action on the part of the officers of SciSparc necessary for the execution and delivery of the Agreement, the performance
of all obligations of SciSparc under the Agreement to be performed as of the Closing, and the issuance and delivery of the SciSparc Shares
has been taken. This Agreement having been duly executed and delivered and, assuming due execution and delivery by the other party, constitutes
the valid and binding obligation of the parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions except as may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium laws, and other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights and remedies generally.

Section
3.03 Consents. Each Seller has obtained each consent, approval, permit, declaration, registration, and authorization of, and made
each filing with, any person, including any applicable court, governmental or regulatory authority, commission, administrative agency,
and non-governmental third party, if any, necessary for such Seller to consummate the Transactions contemplated hereunder.

Section
3.04 Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Seller does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result in any breach
or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of or put right with respect to any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the
creation of any lien upon any of the Exchanged Ordinary Shares of such Seller under, (i) the charter documents of such Seller (as applicable),
(ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise
or license applicable to such Seller or its respective properties or assets, or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
referred to in the following sentence, any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or arbitration award applicable
to such Seller or its respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, breaches,
violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens that individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to prevent, hinder
or materially delay the ability of such Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental entity is required by or with respect
to such Seller in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Seller or the consummation by such Seller, as
the case may be, of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section
3.05 Title to Seller Shares. Each of the Sellers represents and warrants as to itself that it has good, marketable and valid title
to and unrestricted power to vote and sell the Exchanged Ordinary Shares owned by it, free and clear of any Encumbrances and, upon purchase
and payment therefor and delivery to N2OFF in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Purchaser will obtain good, marketable
and valid title to and unrestricted power to vote the Exchanged Ordinary Shares of such Seller. To such Sellers knowledge, the
Exchanged Ordinary Shares held by such Seller have been duly authorized and validly issued to it and are fully paid and non-assessable.
The transfer of the Exchanged Ordinary Shares held by such Seller to N2OFF is not subject to any right of first refusal, preemptive,
co-sale, tag-along or drag-along right or other comparable obligations or restrictions that have not been validly waived.

Section
3.06 Acquisition of Exchanged Common Stock for Investment.

(a)
Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Exchanged Common Stock proposed to be acquired by such Seller hereunder will be acquired
for investment for its own account and not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof,
and the Seller has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in or otherwise distributing the Exchanged Common Stock
issued to it, except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The Seller further represents that it does not have any contract,
undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such Person with respect to the Exchanged
Common Stock being issued to it.

(b)
The Seller (i) can bear the economic risk of its investment and (ii) possesses such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in N2OFF and its securities.

(c)
The Seller understands that the sale of the Exchanged Common Stock is not registered under the Securities Act and that the issuance hereof
to the Seller is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder (Regulation
S). The Seller is, and on each date on which it exercises any warrants issued to it pursuant to the terms hereof to purchase
shares of Common Stock, it will be either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7),
(a)(8), (a)(9) or (a)(12) under the Securities Act or, if not an accredited investor, otherwise meets the suitability requirements of
Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a)
under the Securities Act; or (iii) a non-US person, as such term is defined in Regulation S and as set forth in Annex
B hereto. The certificates representing the Exchanged Common Stock issued to the Seller shall be endorsed with the following
legends, in addition to any other legend required to be placed thereon by applicable securities laws:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1)
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL
AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER,
FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES
[OR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER
CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT.

(d)
The Seller acknowledges that neither the SEC, nor the securities regulatory body of any state or other jurisdiction, has received, considered
or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the information and representations made in this Agreement.

(e)
The Seller acknowledges that it has carefully reviewed such information as it has deemed necessary to evaluate an investment in N2OFF
and its securities. To the full satisfaction of the Seller, it has been furnished all materials that it has requested relating to N2OFF
and the issuance of the Exchanged Common Stock hereunder.

(f)
The Seller understands that the Exchanged Common Stock may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of without registration under
the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and that in the absence of an effective registration statement covering the Exchanged Common
Stock or any available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, the Exchanged Common Stock may have to be held indefinitely
and the Seller further acknowledges that the Exchanged Common Stock issued to it may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act unless all of the conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied, including, without limitation, the Purchasers compliance
with the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act.

(g)
The Seller has conducted its own investigation with respect to N2OFF, its business and the Exchanged Common Stock; has received or otherwise
had access to all information regarding N2OFF that it believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with its receipt of the Exchanged
Common Stock, including financial and other information which has been publicly filed by N2OFF with the SEC through EDGAR; (c) has made
its own assessment and has satisfied itself concerning the relevant tax, legal, currency and other considerations relevant to its receipt
of the Exchanged Common Stock; and (d) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters in order to evaluate the merits
and risks of its prospective receipt of the Exchanged Common Stock.

(h)
The Seller hereby represents and warrants that as of the Closing Date:

(1) is
a non-US person as defined in Regulation S as promulgated under the Securities Act and is not purchasing the Exchanged
Common Stock for the account of or benefit of a U.S. Person or a person within the United States;

(2) was
not offered the Exchanged Common Stock in the United States; 

(3) did
not execute or deliver this Agreement, in the United States;

(4) did
not cause any buy order for the Exchanged Common Stock to originate in the United States;

(5) has
no intention to distribute either directly or indirectly any of the Exchanged Common Stock in the United States, and each Seller
will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, any of the Exchanged Common Stock in the United States or to,
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or person in the United States except pursuant to registration under the 1933 Act
and the securities laws of all applicable states, or pursuant to available exemptions therefrom; and 

(6) did
not receive the offer to purchase the Exchanged Common Stock as a result of, nor will it engage in, any directed selling efforts
(as defined in Regulation S). 

Section
3.07 Additional Legend; Consent. Additionally, the Exchanged Common Stock will bear any legend required by the blue sky
laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the securities represented by the certificate so legended and the Seller
consents to N2OFF making a notation on its records or giving instructions to any transfer agent of the Exchanged Common Stock in order
to implement the restrictions on transfer of the Exchanged Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF MITOCAREX

MitoCareX
hereby represents and warrants to N2OFF that, except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered to N2OFF on the date hereof and
attached hereto as Schedule 4 (the Disclosure Schedule), which exceptions shall be deemed to be part
of the representations and warranties made hereunder, the following representations are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing (as if made on the Closing Date); except, in each case, as to such representations and warranties that address
matters as of a particular date, which are true, correct and complete only as of such date. The Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged
in sections and subsections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and subsections contained in this Article IV, and the
information set forth in any section or subsection of the Disclosure Schedule shall apply to and qualify (a) the representation and warranty
set forth in this Agreement to which it corresponds, and (b) whether or not an explicit reference or cross-reference is made, each other
representation and warranty set forth in this Agreement for which it is reasonably apparent that such information is relevant to such
other section.

Knowledge
or knowledge within this Article IV, with respect to any fact or matter, means the actual knowledge of MitoCareXs
officers and directors of such fact or matter.

Section
4.01 Organization. MitoCareX is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Israel and in good
standing (to the extent the jurisdiction of its incorporation recognizes the concept of good standing), and is not a breaching
company (within the meaning of Section 362.A of the Israeli Companies Law), and has all requisite corporate power and authority
to carry on its business as currently conducted.

Section
4.02 Capitalization.

(a)
The authorized share capital of MitoCareX is or will be on or immediately prior to the Closing (but following the adoption of the Restated
Articles), as set forth in the Restated Articles.

(b)
The issued and outstanding shares of MitoCareX are owned of record and beneficially by shareholders set forth in Section 4.02(b)
of the Disclosure Schedule.

(c)
The issued and outstanding shares of MitoCareX were duly and validly authorized and issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and offered
and issued in compliance with the provisions of its articles of association as in effect at the time of each such issuance and in compliance
with all applicable corporate and securities laws. None of the issued and outstanding shares of MitoCareX was offered or sold in such
a manner as to make the offer, issuance or sale of such shares not exempted from registration requirements under applicable securities
law.

(d)
There are no outstanding share capital, options, warrants, rights (including conversion, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or
similar rights) or agreements for the purchase from MitoCareX of any of its share capital, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of MitoCareX (whether now or hereinafter authorized or issued) or that could require MitoCareX to issue, sell or otherwise
cause to be outstanding any additional shares of MitoCareXs share capital or securities convertible or exercisable into shares
thereof.

(e)
MitoCareX has not granted or agreed to grant registration rights and is not under any contractual obligation to register any of its currently
outstanding securities, securities that may hereafter be issued upon conversion thereof, or shares or other securities it may hereafter
issue or grant.

(f)
MitoCareX has not declared or paid any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to any class or series
of its share capital.

(g)
Upon the Closing, the Exchanged Ordinary Shares shall represent 100% of MitoCareXs issued and outstanding share capital on a fully
diluted basis.

Section
4.03 Authorization. All corporate action on the part of MitoCareX, its directors and shareholders, necessary for the authorization,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and for the performance of all obligations
of MitoCareX under the Transaction Documents in accordance with their terms has been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. The
Transaction Documents, when executed and delivered by MitoCareX and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
parties hereto and thereto, constitute valid and binding obligations of MitoCareX, enforceable against MitoCareX, in accordance with
their respective terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance,
or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited
by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

Section
4.04 Valid Title. To the knowledge of MitoCareX, the Exchanged Ordinary Shares will be transferred with valid title, free and
clear of any liens or encumbrances, charges, judgments, security interests, encumbrances, debt, limitations or restrictions (including,
but not limited to, any restriction on the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the Exchanged Ordinary Shares, any mortgage, pledge,
charge, title retention, right to acquire, hypothecation, option, right of first offer, tag along or right of first refusal), rights,
claims, options to purchase, proxies, voting trusts and other voting agreements, calls and commitments of any kind, or third party rights
of any kind.

Section
4.05 No Conflict; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions
do not and will not (a) result in any conflict with, or a material breach or violation, with or without the passage of time and giving
of notice, of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or give rise to rights to others (including rights of termination, cancellation
or acceleration) under: (i) MitoCareXs currently effective articles of association; (ii) any judgment, injunction, order, writ,
decree or ruling of any court or governmental authority, domestic or foreign, to which MitoCareX is subject; (iii) any Material Contract
(as defined below) to which MitoCareX is a party or by which it is bound; or (iv) any applicable law; (b) result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon any asset of MitoCareX or the suspension, revocation, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit or license applicable
to MitoCareX; or (c) require the consent, approval or authorization of, registration, qualification or filing with, or notice to any
Person or any federal, state, local or foreign governmental authority or regulatory authority or agency, in each case which would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or to materially adversely affect the ability of MitoCareX to perform its obligations hereunder
or thereunder and which has not heretofore been obtained or made or will be obtained or made prior to Closing, except the filing of the
Restated Articles and the other required notices with the Israeli Registrar of Companies, each of which shall be made as soon as practicable
following the Closing.

Section
4.06 Compliance with Laws and Other Instruments. MitoCareX has not been advised, nor does MitoCareX have reason to believe, that
it has not been in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable laws. MitoCareX has not received any written notice of or
been charged with the violation of any law and to its knowledge there is no threatened action or proceeding against MitoCareX under any
of such laws. MitoCareX is not in violation of or default under (i) MitoCareXs currently effective articles of association or
(ii) any order, writ, injunction, decree or judgment of any court or any governmental department, commission or agency, domestic or foreign,
to which it is subject or by which it is bound. To the knowledge of MitocareX, MitoCareX has obtained all franchises, permits, licenses,
consents and any similar authorizations that are material to its business, under applicable law, and is in all material respects in compliance
with such franchises, permits, licenses, consents and similar authorizations. MitoCareXs assets are not subject to any restriction
or limitation or requires a license or registration under applicable laws relating to marketing, export or import controls. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, MitoCareX is not using or developing, or otherwise engaged in, encryption technology or other technology
whose development, commercialization or export is restricted under applicable law.

Section
4.07 Directors; Officers. The current directors and officers of MitoCareX are listed on Section 4.07 of the Disclosure
Schedule (the Current MitoCareX Board). MitoCareX does not have any agreement, obligation or commitment with
respect to the election of any member of the Current MitoCareX Board or to the right to nominate an observer to the Current MitoCareX
Board or MitoCareX board of directors to be constituted upon the Closing, other than as set forth in the articles of association of MitoCareX,
and any such rights shall be waived or lapse upon the Closing. There are no agreements, commitments or understandings of MitoCareX, whether
written or oral, with respect to any compensation to be provided to any of their directors or officers.

Section
4.08 Subsidiaries. MitoCareX does not have any direct or indirect subsidiaries.

Section
4.09 Financial Information; Liabilities.

(a)
The (i) audited financial statements of MitoCareX as of December 31, 2022, and (ii) audited financial statements of MitoCareX as of December
31, 2023 (the Financial Statements) have been provided to N2OFF prior to the date hereof. The Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated. The Financial Statements fairly
present the financial condition and operating results of MitoCareX as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein, subject to
normal year-end audit adjustments. MitoCareX maintains a standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance with
IFRS. MitoCareX has no liabilities required to be disclosed by IFRS that are due and not duly paid, monetary obligations, or debts, whether
accrued, absolute or contingent, other than (i) liabilities reflected or otherwise reserved against in the Financial Statements; (ii)
liabilities under this Agreement; (iii) liabilities incurred in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including fees and expenses payable to any accountant, outside legal
counsel or financial advisor in connection therewith; (iv) executory obligations under any contract to which MitoCareX is a party or
is bound and that are not in the nature of breaches that are required by IFRS to be disclosed in the Financial Statements; and (v) liabilities,
obligations and debts incurred in the ordinary course of business that do not exceed US$10,000 individually and do not exceed US$50,000
in the aggregate (for clarity, excluding any salary obligations pursuant to employment agreements or offer letters with employees). Without
derogating from the generality of the foregoing, (i) MitoCareX is not a guarantor of any debt or obligation of another, nor has MitoCareX
given any indemnification, loan, security or otherwise agreed to become directly or contingently liable for any obligation of any Person,
other than in the ordinary course of business, and no Person has given any guarantee of, indemnity for, or security for, any obligation
of MitoCareX; and (ii) MitoCareX has no debt for borrowed funds or pursuant to credit arrangement.

(b)
MitoCareX has not maintained any off-the-book accounts or entered into any transactions for any off balance sheet activity.

(c)
To the knowledge of MitoCareX none of MitoCareXs directors or officers has, directly or indirectly, (i) circumvented the internal
accounting controls of MitoCareX, (ii) intentionally falsified any of the books, records or accounts of MitoCareX, or (iii) made false
or misleading statements to, or attempted to coerce or fraudulently influence, an accountant in connection with any audit, review or
examination of the Financial Statements.

Section
4.10 Assets and Properties. MitoCareX has good and marketable title to all of the tangible or personal properties and assets (Assets)
owned by MitoCareX, which are material to the business of MitoCareX as currently conducted, and such properties and assets are free and
clear of all Encumbrances. With respect to the Assets it leases, MitoCareX is in compliance in all material respects with such leases
and holds a valid leasehold or license interest free of any Encumbrances, other than those of the lessors of such property or assets
securing obligations under such leases. MitoCareX does not own any real property.

Section
4.11 Labor Matters

(a)
Employee List. Section 4.11 of the Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all employees of MitoCareX (each, an Employee),
and correctly reflects as of the date hereof: (i) their name and dates of hire; (ii) their position, full-time or part-time status, including
each Employees classification as either exempt or non-exempt from the overtime requirements under any applicable law; (iii) their
monthly base salary or hourly wage rate, as applicable; (iv) any other compensation payable to them including, compensation payable pursuant
to bonus (for the current fiscal year and the most recently completed fiscal year), deferred compensation or commission arrangements,
overtime payment, vacation entitlement and accrued vacation or paid time-off balance, travel pay or car maintenance or car entitlement,
sick leave entitlement and accrual, recuperation pay entitlement and accrual, entitlement to pension arrangement and/or any other provident
fund (including managers insurance and education fund), and their respective contribution rates and the salary basis for such
contributions, whether such employee, is subject to a Section 14 Arrangement under the Israeli Severance Pay Law - 1963 (Section
14 Arrangement) (and, to the extent such employee is subject to the Section 14 Arrangement, an indication of whether such
arrangement has been applied to such person from the commencement date of their employment and on the basis of their entire salary) and
notice period entitlement; (v) for each Israeli employee, the country of employment, citizenship, date of hire, managers name
and work location and any material special circumstances (such as leave of absence) and (vi) any promises or commitments made to any
of the Employees, whether in writing or not, with respect to any future changes or additions to their compensation or benefits. Other
than their salary, no Employee is entitled to any payment or benefit that may be reclassified as part of their determining salary for
all intent and purposes, including for the social contributions.

(b)
Contractors.

(1)
Section 4.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all material consultants, advisory board member and independent
contractors, including services providers, manpower companies and their employees, and freelancers engaged by MitoCareX (each, a Contractor)
and, for each, as of the date hereof, such Persons compensation and benefits, the initial date of such Persons engagement,
the term of the engagement, prior notice entitlement and whether such engagement has been terminated by written notice by either party
thereto. All current and former Contractors were rightly classified as contactors and all such Persons agreements do not create
employer-employee relations between such Persons and MitoCareX. MitoCareX has never had any liability with respect to any misclassification
of any Contractor as an independent contractor. To the knowledge of MitocareX, no Contractor has a basis for a claim or any other allegation
that such Person was not rightly classified as an independent contractor.

(2)
MitoCareX has paid in full to all of its respective Contractors all compensation due and payable to such Contractors on or prior to the
date of this Agreement.

(3)
To the knowledge of MitoCareX, no Contractor is in material violation of any term of any engagement with such Contractor. MitoCareX has
not received any written notice alleging that any such violation has occurred.

(c)
MitoCareX has complied, in all material respects, with all applicable employment laws, policies, procedures and agreements relating to
employment, and terms and conditions of employment of its respective Employees. MitoCareX has paid in full to all of its respective Employees
all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due and payable to such employees on or prior to the date
of this Agreement. MitoCareX has complied in all material respects with the applicable laws relating to the proper withholding and remittance
to the proper tax and other authorities of all sums required to be withheld from employees under applicable laws with respect to its
respective Employees or Contractors.

The
liability of MitoCareX for any obligations to pay any amount of severance payment, pension, and other social benefits and contributions,
under applicable law or contract, or any other payment of substantially the same nature, is fully funded by deposit of funds in severance
funds, pension funds, and, as applicable, managers insurance policies or provident funds.

(d)
To the knowledge of MitoCareX, no Employee is in material violation of any term of any employment contract. MitoCareX has not received
any written notice alleging that any such violation has occurred.

(e)
MitoCareX is not a party to, bound by or subject to, and no Employees benefits from, any collective bargaining agreement, extension orders
(tzavei harchava) (other than extension orders that apply to all employees in Israel generally), or other contract or arrangement
with a labor union, trade union or other organization or body, to provide benefits or working conditions beyond the minimum benefits
and working conditions required by applicable law. No labor union has requested to represent any of the Employees, nor does MitoCareX
have Knowledge of any labor organization activity involving the Employees. There is no strike or other labor dispute involving MitoCareX
and the Employees pending or, to the knowledge of MitoCareX, threatened.

(f)
No Conflict. Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the Transactions, will
or may (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events): (i) constitute an event under any MitoCareX employee
agreement, trust or loan that will or may result (either alone or in connection with any other circumstance or event) in any payment
(whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation
to fund benefits with respect to any of the Employees; or (ii) result in any obligation to pay any directors, officers, employees, consultants,
independent contractors, former directors, officers, employees, consultants or independent contractors of any MitoCareX severance pay
or termination, retention or other benefits.

(g)
Labor-Related Claims. To the knowledge of MitoCareX, there is no Legal Proceeding (as defined below), claim, labor dispute or
grievance pending or threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to any employment contract, compensation, wages and hours, leave of
absence, plant closing notification, employment statute or regulation, privacy right, labor dispute, workers compensation policy,
long-term disability policy, safety, retaliation, immigration or discrimination matter involving any Employee, including charges of unfair
labor practices or harassment complaints. There is no Legal Proceeding pending with any Contractor.

Section
4.12 Intellectual Property.

(a)
As used herein, the following terms have the meanings indicated below:

(1)
MitoCareX Intellectual Property means any and all MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property and any and all Third-Party
Intellectual Property that is licensed to MitoCareX.

(2)
MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreements means any contract governing any MitoCareX Intellectual Property
to which MitoCareX is a party, except for contracts for Third-Party Intellectual Property that is generally, commercially available software.

(3)
MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property means any and all Intellectual Property that is owned by or purported
to be owned by MitoCareX.

(4)
MitoCareX Personal Data means any Personal Data that is in the possession of MitoCareX.

(5)
MitoCareX Privacy Policies means, collectively, any and all (i) of MitoCareX data privacy and security policies,
whether applicable internally, or otherwise made available by MitoCareX to any Person as obligations towards such Person, (ii) obligations
and commitments and contracts with third parties relating to the Processing of data of such third parties.

(6)
MitoCareX Products means all products currently under development by MitoCareX.

(7)
MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property means the Israeli, United States, international and foreign: (A)
patents and patent applications (including provisional applications); (B) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks,
intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or applications related to trademarks; (C) registered Internet domain names; and (D)
registered copyrights and applications for copyright registration, in each case registered or filed in the name of, or owned by MitoCareX.

(8)
MitoCareX Trade Secrets means all Trade Secrets owned (or co-owned) by MitoCareX.

(9)
Governmental Grant means any grant, loan or reimbursement arrangement provided by any governmental entity.

(10)
Intellectual Property means (A) Intellectual Property Rights; and (B) Proprietary Information and Technology.

(11)
Intellectual Property Rights means any and all of the following and all rights (including database rights)
in, arising out of, or associated therewith, throughout the world: patents, utility models, and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, re-examinations, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof and equivalent or similar
rights in inventions and discoveries anywhere in the world, including invention disclosures, common law and statutory rights associated
with trade secrets, confidential and proprietary information and know-how, industrial designs and any registrations and applications
therefor, trade names, logos, trade dress, trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations, trademark and service
mark applications and any and all goodwill associated with and symbolized by the foregoing items, Internet domain name applications and
registrations, Internet and World Wide Web URLs or addresses, data, copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and
all other rights corresponding thereto, moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated and any similar or equivalent
rights to any of the foregoing, and all tangible embodiments of the foregoing.

(12)
Personal Data means any data or information relating to a natural person in any media or format where the
person can be identified directly or indirectly either from such data or information or from the combination of such data or information
with other data or information that is in the possession of a Party, including a natural persons name, street address, telephone
number, e-mail address, photograph, factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity,
social security number, drivers license number, passport number or customer, account number, geo-location data, voice recording,
video recording, Internet Protocol address, device identifier, or other persistent identifier, information as defined by
the Israeli Privacy Protection Law, 1981 (whether or not such information constitutes sensitive information
as defined thereunder), or any other piece of information that allows the identification of a natural person or is otherwise considered
personally identifiable information or personal data under any Privacy Laws.

(13)
Privacy Laws means (i) each applicable law applicable to the protection or Processing or both of Personal
Data, and direct marketing, emails, text messages or telemarketing; and (ii) guidance issued by a governmental entity that pertains to
one of the laws, rules, or standards outlined in part (i) of this definition.

(14)
Process or Processing means, with respect to data, the use, collection, processing,
storage, recording, organization, adaption, alteration, transfer, retrieval, disclosure, dissemination or combination of MitoCareX Personal
Data.

(15)
Proprietary Information and Technology means any and all of the following: works of authorship, computer
programs, source code and executable code, whether embodied in software, firmware or otherwise, assemblers, applets, compilers, user
interfaces, application programming interfaces, protocols, architectures, documentation, annotations, comments, designs, files, records,
schematics, test methodologies, test vectors, emulation and simulation tools and reports, hardware development tools, models, tooling,
prototypes, breadboards and other devices, data, data structures, databases, data compilations and collections, inventions (whether or
not patentable), invention disclosures, discoveries, improvements, technology, proprietary and confidential ideas and information, know-how
and information maintained as trade secrets, tools, concepts, techniques, methods, processes, formulae, patterns, algorithms and specifications,
customer lists and supplier lists and any and all instantiations or embodiments of the foregoing or any Intellectual Property Rights
in any form and embodied in any media.

(16)
Third-Party Intellectual Property means any and all Intellectual Property owned by any Person other than
MitoCareX.

(17)
Trade Secrets means all inventions (whether or not patentable) and improvements thereto, know-how, research
and development information, business plans, specifications, designs, processes, process libraries, technical data, customer data, financial
information, pricing and cost information, bills of material, or other confidential information exclusively owned by a Person, including
any formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that (i) provides an actual or potential independent
economic value from not being generally known to and not being readily ascertainable by, other Persons, and (ii) is the subject of efforts
that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.

(b)
As of the date hereof, MitoCareX Intellectual Property constitutes all of the Intellectual Property necessary for MitoCareXs conduct
of the business of MitoCareX as currently conducted, without: (i) the need for MitoCareX to acquire or license any other Third Party
Intellectual Property Right, and (ii) the breach or violation of any contract. MitoCareX has not transferred ownership of, or agreed
to transfer ownership of, or granted any exclusive licenses to, or agreed to grant any exclusive licenses to any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual
Property to any third party. No third party has any ownership right, title, interest, claim in or lien on any of the MitoCareX Owned
Intellectual Property (excluding for the avoidance of doubt non-exclusive licenses granted by MitoCareX to its distributors, users and
customers in the ordinary course of business). Section 4.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all MitoCareX Registered Intellectual
Property, and the jurisdictions in which it has been issued or registered or in which any application for such issuance and registration
has been filed, or in which any other filing or recordation has been made as well as a complete and correct list of all material unregistered
trademarks, trade names, and service marks used by MitoCareX; and all actions that are required to be taken by MitoCareX vis--vis
the applicable authorities with which such MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property was registered or filed within 90 days of the date
hereof with respect to such MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property in order to avoid prejudice to, impairment or abandonment of such
MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property (including without limitation all office actions, provisional conversions, annuity or maintenance
fees or re-issuances). Each item of MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property that has been issued by a governmental authority is valid
and all registration, maintenance and renewal fees currently due in connection with such MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property or
any pending applications therefor have been paid and all documents, recordations and certificates in connection with such MitoCareX Registered
Intellectual Property that were required to be filed have been filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other authorities
in which such MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property has been filed, for the purposes of prosecuting, maintaining and perfecting
such MitoCareX Registered Intellectual Property and recording MitoCareXs ownership interests therein. All such applications have
been pursued in a diligent and commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, no assurance is provided that any patent applications
will be allowed registration as patents or that once issued will not be held to be invalid, and any failure to be so allowed, or so held,
shall not be considered a breach of a representation or warranty herein.

(c)
Governmental Grants.

(i)
Section 4.12(c) of the Disclosure Schedule identifies each Governmental Grant that has been or is provided to MitoCareX or for
which MitoCareX has applied and a decision is pending. Except for Section4.12(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, MitoCareX has never
received any Governmental Grant. MitoCareX has provided to N2OFF accurate and complete copies of: (i) all applications and related documents
and correspondence submitted by MitoCareX to any governmental entity in connection with Governmental Grants and (ii) all certificates
of approval and letters of approval (and supplements thereto) granted to MitoCareX by any governmental entity in connection with Governmental
Grants. In each such application submitted by or on behalf of MitoCareX, all information required by such application has been disclosed
accurately and completely in all material respects, MitoCareX has not made any material misstatements of fact and any non-material disclosures
that are not accurate or complete would not cause the loss of the Government Grant obtained by such application. There are no undertakings
of MitoCareX given in connection with any Governmental Grant. MitoCareX is in compliance in all material respects with the terms, conditions,
requirements and criteria of all Governmental Grants, including all reporting requirements as per applicable law, except for any noncompliance
with such Governmental Grants that would not cause MitoCareX to lose a material benefit or incur any material liability and has duly
fulfilled all conditions, undertakings and other obligations relating thereto. Except as set forth in Section 4.12(c) of the Disclosure
Schedule, no governmental entity: (i) has awarded any participation or provided any support to MitoCareX; or (ii) to the knowledge of
MitoCareX, is or may become entitled to receive any royalties or other payments from MitoCareX on account of a Governmental Grant provided
to MitoCareX prior to the Effective Date.

(ii)
No items of MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property were developed or derived from, in whole or in part, funding or resources provided
by any Governmental Entity or regulatory authority.

(d)
Company Products. Section 4.12(d) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all MitoCareX Products that have been made available
for use or purchase by MitoCareX, including any product or service currently under development and scheduled for commercial release within
90 days of the date hereof, for each such MitoCareX Product (and each version thereof) identifying its release date.

(e)
Private Grants. At no time during the conception of or reduction to practice of any of the MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property
was MitoCareX, or any developer, inventor or other contributor to such MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property operating under any grants
from any private source, performing research sponsored by any private source or subject to any employment agreement or invention assignment
or nondisclosure agreement or other obligation with any third party that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect, restrict or
in any manner encumber MitoCareXs rights in such MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property. No facilities of a university, college,
other educational institution or research center was used in the development of the MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property.

(f)
Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement. MitoCareX has secured from all (i) current and former employees and contractors
of MitoCareX who independently or jointly contributed to or participated in the conception, reduction to practice, creation or development
of any Intellectual Property for MitoCareX, and (ii) named inventors of patents and patent applications owned or purported to be owned
by MitoCareX (any Person described in clauses (i) or (ii), an Author), written undertakings assigning to
MitoCareX all of the Authors Intellectual Property in such contribution. No Author has affirmatively retained any rights, licenses,
claims or interest whatsoever with respect to any Intellectual Property developed by the Author for MitoCareX. Without limiting the foregoing,
MitoCareX has obtained written and enforceable proprietary information and invention disclosure and Intellectual Property assignments
from all current and former Authors and, in the case of patents and patent applications, such assignments have been recorded with the
relevant authorities in the applicable jurisdiction or jurisdictions. MitoCareX has provided to N2OFF copies of all such forms currently
and historically used by MitoCareX, and each proprietary information and invention disclosure and Intellectual Property assignment executed
by each Author is substantially similar to the forms MitoCareX has made available to N2OFF.

(g)
No Violation. To the knowledge of MitocareX, no current or former employee or contractor of MitoCareX: (i) is in violation of
any term or covenant of any contract relating to invention disclosure, invention assignment, non-disclosure, data privacy, non-competition
or any other contract with any other party by virtue of such employees or contractors being employed by, or performing
services for, MitoCareX, or using trade secrets or proprietary information of others without permission; or (ii) has developed any technology,
software or other copyrightable, patentable or otherwise proprietary work for MitoCareX that is subject to any agreement under which
such employee or contractor has assigned or otherwise granted to any third party any rights (including Intellectual Property Rights)
in or to such technology, software or other copyrightable, patentable or otherwise proprietary work.

(h)
Confidential Information. MitoCareX has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all
material confidential or non-public information of MitoCareX (including MitoCareX Trade Secrets) as well as confidential or non-public
information provided by any third party (including MitoCareX Personal Data) to MitoCareX under a written obligation of confidentiality
(MitoCareX Confidential Information). All current and former employees and contractors of MitoCareX and any
third party having access to MitoCareX Confidential Information have either executed and delivered to MitoCareX a written legally binding
agreement regarding the protection of such MitoCareX Confidential Information or are otherwise legally bound to maintain confidentiality.
MitoCareX has implemented and maintains reasonable security, disaster recovery and business continuity plans consistent with industry
practices of companies offering similar services, of similar size and having similar resources as MitoCareX. To the knowledge of MitoCareX,
MitoCareX has not experienced any material breach of security or other unauthorized access by third parties to MitoCareX Confidential
Information, including MitoCareX Personal Data in MitoCareXs possession, custody or control. There has not been any material failure
with respect to any of the computer systems, including software, used by MitoCareX in the conduct of its business that has had a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of MitoCareX, there has been no breach of confidentiality.

(i)
Non-Infringement. To the knowledge of MitoCareX, there is no unauthorized use, unauthorized disclosure, infringement, violation
or misappropriation of any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property by any third party. Since MitocareXs incorporation, there has
not been any legal proceeding before any court or arbitrator for infringement, violation or misappropriation of any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual
Property. MitoCareX has not received any written communication regarding any liability for infringement, violation or misappropriation
of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. To MitoCareXs knowledge and without conducting any search or investigation,
the operation of the business of MitoCareX, including the design, development, manufacturing, reproduction, marketing, licensing, sale,
offer for sale, importation, distribution, provision and/or use of any MitoCareX Product and MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property as
previously conducted and as currently conducted by MitoCareX, has not and does not misappropriate or violate any Intellectual Property
Rights of any third party. MitoCareX has not been sued in any Legal Proceeding or received any written communications (including any
third party reports by users) alleging that MitoCareX has infringed, misappropriated, or violated or, by conducting the business of MitoCareX,
would infringe, misappropriate, or violate any Intellectual Property of any other Person or entity. No MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property
or MitoCareX Product is subject to any Legal Proceeding, judgment, writ, decree, stipulation, determination, decision, award, rule, preliminary
or permanent injunction, temporary restraining order or other order of any governmental entity or arbitrator (Order),
settlement agreement or right that restricts in any manner the use, transfer, or licensing thereof or that adversely affects the validity,
use or enforceability of any such MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property.

(j)
Licenses; Agreements. MitoCareX has not granted any options, licenses or agreements of any kind relating to any MitoCareX Owned
Intellectual Property outside of normal nonexclusive end use terms of service entered into by users of MitoCareX Products in the ordinary
course (if any), and MitoCareX is not bound by or a party to any option, license or agreement of any kind with respect to any of MitoCareX
Owned Intellectual Property. MitoCareX is not obligated to pay any royalties, fees or other payments to any Person (other than salaries
payable to employees and contractors, not contingent on or related to use of their work product and commissions on sales payable to employees)
or third parties in their role as inventor, owner or licensor of, or other claimant to, any Intellectual Property with respect to the
marketing, sale, distribution, manufacture, license or use of any MitoCareX Products or MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property.

(k)
Other Intellectual Property Agreements. With respect to the MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreements:

(i)
Each such agreement is valid and subsisting and has, where required of MitoCareX, been duly recorded or registered;

(ii)
MitoCareX is not (or will not be as a result of the execution and delivery or effectiveness of this Agreement or the performance of MitoCareXs
obligations under this Agreement), in breach of any MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions
will not result in the modification, cancellation, termination, suspension of, or acceleration of any payments, rights, obligations,
or remedies with respect to any MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreements, or give any non-MitoCareX party to any MitoCareX Intellectual
Property Agreement the right to do any of the foregoing;

(iii)
To the knowledge of MitoCareX, no counterparty to any MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreement is in material breach thereof;

(iv)
At and immediately following the Closing, MitoCareX will be permitted to continue to exercise all of its rights under the MitoCareX Intellectual
Property Agreements to the same extent MitoCareX would have been able to had the transactions under this Agreement not occurred and without
the payment of any additional amounts or consideration other than ongoing fees, royalties or payments that MitoCareX would otherwise
be required to pay;

(v)
There are no material disputes or private or governmental action, inquiry, claim, proceeding, suit, hearing, litigation, audit or investigation,
in each case whether civil, criminal, administrative, judicial or investigative, or any appeal therefrom, in each case by or before any
governmental entity or arbitrator (Legal Proceeding) pending or threatened in writing, regarding any MitoCareX
Intellectual Property Agreements, or performance under any such agreements including with respect to any payments to be made or received
by MitoCareX thereunder;

(vi)
No MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreement requires MitoCareX to include any Third-Party Intellectual Property in any MitoCareX Product
or obtain any Persons approval of any MitoCareX Product at any stage of development, licensing, distribution or sale of that MitoCareX
Product;

(vii)
None of the MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreements grants any third party exclusive rights to or under any MitoCareX Intellectual
Property;

(viii)
None of the MitoCareX Intellectual Property Agreements grants any third party the right to sublicense any MitoCareX Intellectual Property;

(ix)
MitoCareX has obtained valid, written, perpetual, non-terminable (other than for cause) licenses (sufficient for the conduct of the business
of MitoCareX) to all Third-Party Intellectual Property that is incorporated into, integrated or bundled by MitoCareX with any of the
MitoCareX Products;

(x)
No third party that has licensed Intellectual Property Rights to MitoCareX has ownership or license rights to improvements or derivative
works made by MitoCareX in the Third-Party Intellectual Property that has been licensed to MitoCareX; and

(xi)
Non-contravention. None of the execution and performance of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions under this
Agreement, will, by virtue of any agreement to which MitoCareX is currently a party, result in: (i) MitoCareX granting to any third party
any right to or with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights or data owned by, or licensed to MitoCareX, (ii) MitoCareX being bound
by or subject to, any exclusivity obligations, non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of its businesses, (iii) MitoCareX
being obligated to pay any royalties or other material amounts to any third party in excess of those payable by it in the absence of
this Agreement or the transactions under the Agreement or (iv) any termination of, or other material adverse impact to, any MitoCareX
Intellectual Property.

(l)
Privacy.

(i)
MitoCareX is in compliance in all material respects with applicable Privacy Laws except as would not result in a material liability to
MitoCareX.

(ii)
MitoCareX has established, and maintains, technical, physical and organizational measures, and security systems and technologies which
it reasonably believes to be adequate to protect MitoCareXs Personal Data against unauthorized Processing.

(iii)
To the knowledge of MitoCareX, no breach, security incident, or violation of any unwritten data security policy in relation to MitoCareXs
Personal Data has occurred, and to the knowledge of MitoCareX, there has been no unauthorized Processing of any MitoCareX Personal Data.
No circumstance has arisen in which Privacy Laws would require MitoCareX to notify a governmental entity of a data security breach or
security incident.

(iv)
MitoCareX has not received any notice regarding or nor is it a party to any Legal Proceeding, notice, communication, court order, warrant,
complaint, demand, regulatory opinion, audit result, or allegation, from a governmental entity or any other Person (including a data
subject): (A) alleging or confirming non-compliance with a relevant requirement of Privacy Laws, (B) requiring or requesting MitoCareX
to amend, rectify, cease Processing, de-combine, permanently anonymize, block, or delete MitoCareX Personal Data, (C) permitting or mandating
relevant governmental entities to investigate, requisition information from, or enter the premises of, MitoCareX or (D) claiming compensation
from MitoCareX in connection with the above. MitoCareX has not been involved in any Legal Proceedings involving a breach or alleged breach
of Privacy Laws.

(v)
MitoCareX does not knowingly Process, nor has it ever obtained actual knowledge that it is Processing, the Personal Data of any natural
Person under the age of 13.

Section
4.13 Material Contracts.

(a)
Section 4.13 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of each of the following Contracts to which the
MitoCareX is a party or otherwise bound and that are in effect on the date hereof (any Contract of the nature described below, set forth
in Section 4.13 of the Disclosure Schedule, is herein referred to as a MitoCareX Material Contract). Contract
means any written or oral legally binding contract, agreement, instrument, commitment or undertaking of any nature (including leases,
subleases, licenses, mortgages, notes, guarantees, sublicenses, subcontracts, binding letters of intent and purchase orders), including
all amendments, supplements, exhibits and schedules thereto.

(i)
any Contract providing for payments by or to MitoCareX in any of the years ended December 31, 2023 or 2024 in an aggregate amount of
$50,000 or more that is not terminable by MitoCareX on ninety (90) calendar days notice or less without premium or penalty;

(ii)
(A) any dealer, distributor, joint marketing, strategic alliance, affiliate agreement or similar Contract, or any Contract providing
for the grant of rights to reproduce, license, market or sell its products or services to any other Person or relating to the advertising
or promotion of the business of MitoCareX or pursuant to which any third parties advertise on any websites operated by MitoCareX or (B)
any sales representative, original equipment manufacturer, manufacturing, value added, remarketer, independent software vendor, or other
Contract for use or distribution of MitoCareX Products or MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property;

(iii)
any Contract terminable by the counterparty thereto upon a change in control of MitoCareX or requiring notification to counterparties
in the event of a change in control of MitoCareX;

(iv)
(A) any joint venture Contract, (B) any Contract that involves a sharing of revenues, profits, cash flows, expenses or losses with other
Persons and (C) any Contract that involves the payment of royalties to any other Person;any Contract (A) with any of its officers, directors,
employees or stockholders or any Person who, to MitoCareXs Knowledge, is a member of their immediate families, other than employment
arrangements which are terminable at will with no more than 90 days advance notice, employee invention assignment and confidentiality
agreements on MitoCareXs standard form and option grant and exercise agreements on MitoCareXs standard form or (B) with
any Person with whom MitoCareX does not deal at arms length;

(v)
any Contract (A) pursuant to which any other party is granted exclusive rights or most favored party rights of any type
or scope with respect to any of the MitoCareX Products or MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property, (B) containing any non-competition covenants
or other restrictions relating to the MitoCareX Products or MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property (save for employment and/or consulting
agreements and/or any Contracts pertaining to open-source licenses) or (C) that materially limits the freedom of MitoCareX to (I) engage
or participate, or compete with any other Person, in any line of business, market or geographic area with respect to the MitoCareX Products
or the MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property, or to make use of any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property or MitoCareX Personal Data
including any grants by MitoCareX of exclusive rights or licenses or (II) sell, distribute or manufacture any products or services or
to purchase or otherwise obtain any software, components, parts or services;

(vi)
any standstill or similar agreement containing provisions prohibiting a third party from purchasing equity interests of MitoCareX or
assets of MitoCareX or otherwise seeking to influence or exercise control over MitoCareX;

(vii)
other than shrink wrap and similar generally available commercial end-user licenses to software that have an individual
acquisition cost of $5,000 per annum or less, all licenses, sublicenses and other Contracts to which MitoCareX is a party and pursuant
to which MitoCareX acquired or is authorized to use any Third-Party Intellectual Property used in the development, marketing or licensing
of the MitoCareX Products;

(viii)
any license, sublicense, or other Contract to which MitoCareX is a party and pursuant to which any Person is authorized to use any MitoCareX
Owned Intellectual Property or MitoCareX Personal Data;

(ix)
any license, sublicense, or other Contract pursuant to which MitoCareX has agreed to any restriction on the right of MitoCareX to use
or enforce any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property or pursuant to which MitoCareX agrees to encumber, transfer or sell rights in or
with respect to any MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property or MitoCareX Personal Data Information;

(x)
any Contracts relating to the membership of, or participation by, MitoCareX in, or the affiliation of MitoCareX with, any industry standards
group or association;

(xi)
any Contract providing for the development of any Intellectual Property, independently or jointly, either by or for MitoCareX (other
than employee invention assignment agreements and consulting agreements with Contractors on MitoCareXs standard form of agreement);

(xii)
any confidentiality, secrecy or non-disclosure Contract other than any such Contract entered into by MitoCareX in the ordinary course
of business;

(xiii)
any Contract to license or authorize any third party to manufacture or reproduce any of the MitoCareX Products, or MitoCareX Owned Intellectual
Property;

(xiv)
any Contract pursuant to which any exclusive licenses or rights, or any covenants not to sue or non-assertion provisions, in or to the
MitoCareX Owned Intellectual Property are granted by MitoCareX;

(xv)
any Contract containing any guarantee, indemnification or, warranty on the part of MitoCareX other than in the ordinary course of business;

(xvi)
any settlement or litigation standstill agreement;

(xvii)
any Contract or plan (including any share option, merger and/or share bonus plan) relating to the sale, issuance, grant, exercise, award,
purchase, repurchase or redemption of any shares of MitoCareX share capital or any other securities of MitoCareX or any options, warrants,
convertible notes or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any such shares, other securities or options, warrants or other rights
therefor;

(xviii)
any trust indenture, mortgage, promissory note, loan or credit agreement or other Contract for the borrowing of money, any currency exchange,
commodities or other hedging arrangement or any leasing transaction of the type required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP;

(xix)
any Contract for capital expenditures in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate;

(xx)
any Contract pursuant to which MitoCareX has acquired a business or entity, or assets of a business or entity, whether by way of merger,
consolidation, purchase of stock, purchase of assets, license or otherwise, or any Contract pursuant to which it has any material ownership
interest in any other Person; and

(xxi)
any Contract with any governmental entity, including any agreement which requires consents, licenses, permits, grants, and other authorizations
of a governmental entity (each, a Government Contract).

(b)
All MitoCareX Material Contracts are in written form. MitoCareX has performed in all material respects all of the obligations required
to be performed by it and is entitled to all benefits thereunder, and to the knowledge of MitoCareX, is not alleged to be in default
in respect of any MitoCareX Material Contract to which it is a party. Each of MitoCareX Material Contracts is in full force and effect,
subject only to the effect, if any, of applicable bankruptcy and other similar applicable laws affecting the rights of creditors generally
and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies. MitoCareX has not received any written
notice or other written communication regarding any actual or possible violation or breach of, default under, or intention to cancel
or modify any MitoCareX Material Contract. MitoCareX has provided N2OFF with true, correct and complete copies of all MitoCareX Material
Contracts.

Section
4.14 Brokers and Finders. MitoCareX does not have any contract, arrangement or understanding with any broker, finder or similar
agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No commission or compensation in the nature of a finders
fee shall be payable by MitoCareX or any of their respective officers, employees or representatives, in their capacities as such, in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section
4.15 Tax Matters. All taxes, duties and assessments payable or incurred by MitoCareX prior to the Closing Date that are reasonably
expected to result in an Encumbrance upon any of the assets of MitoCareX have been or will timely be paid by MitoCareX other than those
being contested in good faith by MitoCareX. There is no Encumbrance for taxes upon any of the assets of MitoCareX nor, to the Knowledge
of MitoCareX, is any taxing authority in the process of imposing any Encumbrance for taxes on any of such Assets.

Section
4.16 Litigation.

(a)
As of the date hereof, there is no Legal Proceeding to which MitoCareX or any of its assets or to the Knowledge of MitoCareX, any of
its respective directors or officers (in their capacities as such or relating to their employment, services or relationship with MitoCareX),
is party pending before any governmental entity, or to the Knowledge of MitoCareX is threatened in writing against MitoCareX. As of the
date hereof, there is no Order served against MitoCareX or any of its assets and there is no other Legal Proceeding pending or to the
Knowledge of MitoCareX threatened in writing against MitoCareX or any of its assets. MitoCareX does not have any Legal Proceeding pending
against any other Person. As of the date hereof, no governmental entity has at any time challenged or questioned the legal right of MitoCareX
to conduct its respective operations as presently conducted.

(b)
There is no Order served against MitoCareX or to its Knowledge any of their respective directors, officers or employees (in their capacities
as such or relating to their employment, services or relationship with MitoCareX).

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS

Section
5.01 Securities Law Compliance. Each of the Parties hereto understands and agrees that the consummation of this Agreement, including
the issuance of the Exchanged Common Stock upon Closing as contemplated hereby, may constitute an offer and sale of securities under
the Securities Act, applicable state statutes. Each of N2OFF and the Sellers agree that such transactions shall be consummated in reliance
on exemptions from the registration requirements of such laws, which depend, among other items, on the circumstances under which such
securities are acquired. Furthermore, in connection with the Transactions, N2OFF and the Sellers shall each file, with the assistance
of the other and their respective legal counsel, such notices, applications, reports or other instruments as may be deemed by them to
be necessary or appropriate in an effort to document reliance on, as applicable, registration and prospectus exemptions, all to the extent
and in the manner as may be deemed by the Parties to be appropriate.

Section
5.02 Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the Parties
agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to
assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in
the most expeditious manner practicable the Transactions. The Parties hereto will use their commercially reasonable efforts and cooperate
with one another (i) in promptly determining whether any filings are required to be made or consents, approvals, waivers, permits or
authorizations are required to be obtained (or, which if not obtained, would result in an event of default, termination or acceleration
of any agreement or any put right under any agreement) under any applicable law or regulation or from any governmental authorities or
third parties in connection with the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (ii) in promptly making any such filings, in furnishing
information required in connection therewith and in timely seeking to obtain any such consents, approvals, permits or authorizations.
The Parties hereto shall mutually cooperate in order to facilitate the achievement of the benefits reasonably anticipated from the Transactions.

Section
5.03 Valid Issuances. N2OFF covenants and agrees that upon issuance, the Purchaser Consideration Stock as and when issued pursuant
to this Agreement shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

Section
5.04 Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each Party shall use its reasonable best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
laws and regulations to consummate and make effective this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

Section
5.05 Future Financing of MitoCareX. Upon Closing, Purchaser shall invest in MitoCareX an amount of US$1,000,000, for the purpose
of funding MitoCareXs ongoing research and development and other costs (the Initial Investment). The
Loan Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement (as defined below)) provided to MitoCareX pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement dated
December 22, 2024, and executed by and among the Purchaser, MitoCareX and MitoCareXs Guarantor (as are defined therein) (the Loan
Agreement), shall be deducted from the Initial Investment. Furthermore, at all times after the Initial Investment, and
provided that (i) the board of directors of the Purchaser has approved in advance of any Future Financing (as defined below) an operating
plan for MitoCareX and (ii) the Purchaser possesses the financial resources necessary to fund the Future Financing, the Purchaser will
make available to MitoCareX such amount of funding necessary to finance MitoCareXs ongoing research and development and other
costs (Future Financing).

Section
5.06 Directors and Officers Indemnity Agreements and Insurance.

(a)
MitoCareX shall, and the Purchaser shall cause MitoCareX to, indemnify and hold harmless the board members and office holders of MitoCareX
as of immediately prior to Closing (each an Indemnified MitoCareX Party) as required under any indemnification
agreement between such party and MitoCareX in effect as of the date of this Agreement or, with the agreement of the Purchaser, which
may be entered into subsequent to the date of this Agreement (each, an Indemnity Agreement), all to the extent
permissible under the organizational documents of MitoCareX and for the periods specified in such Indemnity Agreement or seven (7) years
after Closing, the longer, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Closing; and MitoCareX hereby waives and releases all
claims against any Indemnified MitoCareX Party with respect to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Closing in their capacities
as directors or officer holders. From and after the Closing, and subject to this Section 5.06, MitoCareX shall honor and fulfill, and
the Purchaser shall cause MitoCareX to honor and fulfill, in all respects the obligations of MitoCareX under its organizational documents
with respect to indemnification, insurance and exculpation of Indemnified MitoCareX Parties and all Indemnity Agreements. For a period
of seven (7) years after the Closing, in the event that MitoCareX or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other entity and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers
or conveys all of or substantially all of its properties and other assets to any entity, then, and in each such case, the Purchaser shall
either (A) guarantee, expressly assume, or shall cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of MitoCareX shall
expressly assume, the obligations set forth in this Section 5.06; or (B) take any other action to ensure that the ability of MitoCareX
to satisfy such obligations will not be diminished in any material respect. In furtherance of the foregoing and subject to this Section
5.06, for a period of seven (7) years after the Closing, the Purchaser shall (and shall cause MitoCareX to) cause the articles of association
of MitoCareX to contain provisions with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation that are at least as favorable
to the Indemnified MitoCareX Parties as the indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation provisions contained in the articles
of association of MitoCareX immediately prior to the Closing, and such provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified
in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of the Indemnified MitoCareX Parties, except as required by applicable
law. The obligations set forth in this Section 5.06 shall survive the Closing. This Section 5.06 will be for the irrevocable benefit
of, and will be enforceable by, each Indemnified MitoCareX Party and his or her respective heirs, executors, administrators, estates,
successors and assigns (collectively the Indemnified Parties) and each Indemnified Party will be an express
intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement for such purposes.

(b)
The provisions of this Section 5.06 shall be in addition to, and shall not impair, any other rights an Indemnified Party may have under
MitoCareXs organization documents, under applicable law or otherwise.

(c)
In the event that any actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought or asserted against any Indemnified
MitoCareX Party or Indemnified Party with respect to matters existing or occurring prior to the Closing in their capacities as such which
are subject to indemnification pursuant to an Indemnity Agreement (including acts or omissions occurring in connection with the approval
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the consummation thereof) (a D&O Claim),
then MitoCareX and the Purchaser shall each afford, the Indemnified MitoCareX Party and Indemnified Party and its counsel and other representatives,
reasonable access, during normal business hours, upon reasonable notice, to information and documents relating to such D&O Claim
and the defense thereof, subject to such Indemnified MitoCareX Party or Indemnified Party signing a confidentiality undertaking in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, with respect to confidential information and documents being so disclosed. MitoCareX
and the Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnified MitoCareX Party and the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense
of such D&O Claim.

(d)
From and after the Closing, the Purchaser shall include any director or officer of MitoCareX and any Seller serving as a director or
officer of the Purchaser, in any directors and officers liability insurance maintained by Purchaser.

Section
5.07 Reporting under the Exchange Act. With a view to making available to the Sellers the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act (SEC Rule 144) and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit
a Seller to sell securities of the Purchaser to the public without registration, the Purchaser shall for a period of not less than five
(5) years following the Closing:

(a)
make and keep available adequate current public information, as those terms are understood and defined in SEC Rule 144, at all times
after the Closing;

(b)
use reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, statements and other documents required of the Purchaser
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act;

(c)
furnish to each Seller, so long as the Seller owns any Exchanged Common Stock (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants), any Additional Purchaser Stock or any shares of Common Stock issued to the Sellers pursuant to
adjustments as set forth in this Agreement, forthwith upon request (i) to the extent accurate, a written statement by the Company that
it has complied with and is in compliance with the reporting requirements of SEC Rule 144, the Securities Act, and the Exchange Act;
(ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Purchaser and such other reports and documents so filed by the Purchaser;
and (ii) such other information as may be reasonably requested in availing any Seller of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits
the selling of any such securities without registration; and

(d)
reasonably assist the Sellers in connection with their reliance on Rule 144 and the sale of any securities of the Purchaser in reliance
thereon (such as, but not limited to, removal of restrictive legends from share certificates, issuance of a letter to the transfer agent,
provision of opinion of counsel that the sale qualifies under Rule 144).

ARTICLE
VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
6.01 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Israel, without
reference to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties hereto agree to exclusively submit to the jurisdiction of the competent courts
of Tel Aviv - Jaffa with respect to the breach or interpretation of this Agreement or the enforcement of any and all rights, duties,
liabilities, obligations, powers, and other relations between the parties arising under this Agreement.

Section
6.02 Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed as
follows:

If
to N2OFF: Attn:
David Palach

Address:
HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander)

Neve
Yarak

4994500
Israel

Tel:
(347) 468 9583

Email:
david@savefoods.co

If
to SciSparc: Attn:
Oz Adler

Address:
20 Raul Wallenberg St.

Tower
A, 2nd Floor

Tel
Aviv 6971916, Israel

Tel:
+972-3-7175777

Email:
oz@scisparc.com

If
to MitoCareX: Attn:
Dr. Alon Silverman

Address:
40 Gordon Street, Givatayim, Israel

Tel:
+972-52-435-2233

Email:
alon.silberman@mitocarexbio.com

If
to Alon Silberman: Attn:
Dr. Alon Silverman

Address:
40 Gordon Street,

Givatayim,
Israel

Tel:
+972-52-435-2233

Email:
alon.silberman@mitocarexbio.com

If
to Ciro Leonardo Pierri: Attn:
Prof. Ciro Leonardo Pierri

Address:
Via dello stadio 19, 74021 Carosino (TA), Italy

Tel:
+39 328 818 6379

Email:
Ciroleo.Pierri@mitocarexbio.com

or
such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any Party in the manner for giving notices hereunder.

Notice
shall be deemed to have been duly received: (a) if given by email, when transmitted and the appropriate confirmation received, as applicable,
if transmitted on a business day and during normal business hours of the recipient, and otherwise on the next business day following
transmission; (b) if given by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, three business days after being
deposited in the mail and, if sent internationally, ten business days after being deposited in the mail; and (c) if given by courier,
messenger or other means, when received or personally delivered and, in any such case, addressed as indicated herein, or to such other
addresses as may be specified by any Party to the other Parties pursuant to notice given by such Party in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 6.02.

Section
6.03 Third Party Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Parties and, except as specifically provided herein, no
other Person shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

Section
6.04 Expenses. The Purchaser and MitoCareX shall bear the costs and expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees,
incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any other agreements in connection therewith, the Exchange
or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
6.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the related documents referenced herein represent the entire agreement between the Parties
relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with respect
to such subject matter.

Section
6.06 Survival; Termination. The representations, warranties and covenants of the respective Parties shall survive the consummation
of the transactions herein contemplated for a period of two years from Closing, unless a different period is specified with respect to
any representation, warranty or covenant. It is the intention of the Parties that the survival period agreed on herein shall supersede
any statute of limitations applicable to the representations, warranties and covenants and it is therefore agreed that the provisions
of this Section 6.06 constitute a separate written legally binding agreement among the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section
19 of the Israeli Limitation Law (5718-1958).

Section
6.07 Liability; No Consequential Damages. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any Seller have any liability for a breach
of any representation, warranty or covenant of MitoCareX and in no event shall one Seller be liable for any breach of any representation,
warranty or covenant of any other Seller. In no event will the Parties be liable for any punitive, consequential, indirect or incidental
damages under this Agreement or applicable law, whether in contracts, torts, restitution or otherwise and all indemnification will be
limited to direct damage actually incurred. The aggregate liability of each Seller under this Agreement shall not exceed the value of
the Exchanged Common Stock as determined below (and with respect to SciSparc shall also include the Cash Payment) and any damages sought
against a Seller shall be made only against the Exchanged Common Stock (and with respect to SciSparc may be made against the amount of
the Cash Payment), unless the Seller elects at its sole discretion that such indemnification shall be paid in cash and not in the Exchanged
Common Stock. Where recourse is against Exchanged Common Stock, the number of shares to be returned shall be determined based on the
valuation underlying the number of shares of Common Stock issued at Closing. The provisions of this Section 6.08 are and constitute the
sole and exclusive remedy following the Closing as to all money damages based on or arising out of the representations, warranties and
covenants of the Sellers hereunder.

Section
6.08 Severability If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable
under applicable law, then such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement shall be
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms; provided, however, that in
such event this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to give effect, to the greatest extent consistent with and permitted by
applicable law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision as determined by such court of competent jurisdiction.

Section
6.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all
of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Signatures delivered by email shall be deemed original signatures.

Section
6.10 Amendment or Waiver. Every right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently therewith, and no waiver by any Party of the performance of any
obligation by the other shall be construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore or thereafter occurring or
existing. This Agreement may by amended by a writing signed by all Parties, with respect to any of the terms contained herein, and any
term or condition of this Agreement may be waived or the time for performance may only be extended by a writing signed by the Party or
Parties for whose benefit the provision is intended.

[Signature
pages follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

N2OFF,
INC.

By /s/
David Palach

Name: David
Palach

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

SciSpARC
LTD.

By: /s/
Oz Adler

Name: Oz
Adler

Title: CEO,
CFO

By: /s/ Amitai Weiss

Name: Amitai Weiss 

Title: Chairman 

MITOCAREX
BIO LTD.

By: /s/
Alon Silberman

Name: Alon
Silberman

Title: Director

By: /s/ Adi Zuloff-Shani

Name: Adi Zuloff-Shani

Title: Director 

Alon
Silberman

By: /s/
Alon Silberman

Name: Alon
Silberman

Ciro
Leonardo Pierri

By: /s/
Ciro Leonardo Pierri

Name: Ciro
Leonardo Pierri

[Signature
page to Securities Purchase and Exchange Agreement]

ANNEX
A

Amended
and Restated Articles of Association of MitoCareX Bio. Ltd.

ANNEX
B

Regulation
S Questionnaire

The
information contained herein is being furnished to the Company in order for the N2OFF, Inc. (the Company) to determine
whether the undersigneds receipt of the Companys common stock (the Securities) in connection with
an exchange of common stock with the Company may be accepted pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The undersigned understands that (i) the Company will rely upon the following
information for purposes of complying with Federal and applicable state securities laws, (ii) the Securities will not be registered under
the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act, and (iii)
this representation letter is not an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities, or any other securities, to
the undersigned. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to them in that certain Securities
Purchase and Exchange Agreement dated February 25, 2025, by and among the undersigned and the Company (the Agreement).

1. At
the time of (a) the offer by the Company and (b) the acceptance of the offer by such person or entity, of the Securities, such person
or entity was outside the United States.

2. Such
person or entity is acquiring the Securities for such Purchasers own account, for investment and not for distribution or resale
to others and is not purchasing the Securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. person, or with a view towards distribution
to any U.S. person, in violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

3. Such
person or entity will make all subsequent offers and sales of the Securities either (x) outside of the United States in compliance
with Regulation S; (y) pursuant to a registration under the Securities Act; or (z) pursuant to an available exemption from registration
under the Securities Act. Specifically, such person or entity will not resell the Securities to any U.S. person or within the United
States prior to the expiration of a period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is one year thereafter (the
Distribution Compliance Period), except pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act.

4. Such
person or entity has no present plan or intention to sell the Securities in the United States or to a U.S. person at any predetermined
time, has made no predetermined arrangements to sell the Securities and is not acting as a distributor of such securities.

5. Neither
such person or entity, its affiliates nor any person acting on behalf of such person or entity, has entered into, has the intention
of entering into, or will enter into any put option, short position or other similar instrument or position in the U.S. with respect
to the Securities at any time after the Closing Date through the Distribution Compliance Period except in compliance with the Securities
Act.

6. Such
person or entity consents to the placement of a restrictive legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Securities,
relating to the fact that the Securities are not registered under the Securities Act.

7. Such
person or entity is not acquiring the Securities in a transaction (or an element of a series of transactions) that is part of any
plan or scheme to evade the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

8. Such
person or entity has sufficient knowledge and experience in finance, securities, investments and other business matters to be able
to protect such persons or entitys interests in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

9. Such
person or entity has consulted, to the extent that it has deemed necessary, with its tax, legal, accounting and financial advisors
concerning its investment in the Securities.

10. Such
person or entity understands the various risks of an investment in the Securities and can afford to bear such risks for an indefinite
period of time, including, without limitation, the risk of losing its entire investment in the Securities.

11. Such
person or entity has had access to the Companys publicly filed reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has
been furnished with all other public information regarding the Company that such person or entity has requested and all such public
information is sufficient for such person or entity to evaluate the risks of investing in the Securities.

12. Such
person or entity has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers concerning the Company and the terms and
conditions of the issuance of the Securities.

13. Such
person or entity is not relying on any representations and warranties concerning the Company made by the Company or any officer,
employee or agent of the Company, other than those contained in the Agreement.

14. Such
person or entity will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities unless either (A) the transfer of such securities is registered
under the Securities Act or (B) an exemption from registration of such securities is available.

15. Such
person or entity understands and acknowledges that the Securities have not been recommended by any federal or state securities commission
or regulatory authority, that the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of any information
concerning the Company that has been supplied to such person or entity and that any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

Date:
______________, 2025

(Signature
of Authorized Signatory) 

(Name
of Authorized Signatory) 

(Title)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

N2OFF
Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Next-Gen Computational Drug Discovery Company, Targeting Hard To Treat Cancers

Neve
Yarak, Israel, February 26, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) N2OFF, Inc.\ (NASDAQ: NITO) (FSE:80W) (N2OFF and the Company),
a clean tech company engaged in sustainable solutions for solar energy, energy battery storage and innovation for agri- tech, announced
today that it has entered a definitive agreement to acquire MitoCareX Bio Ltd. (MitoCareX), a biotech company focused
on drug discovery targeting cancer therapeutics, with a range of other potential diseases and disorders, through targeting
the mitochondrial SLC25 protein family.

N2OFF
entered into a securities purchase and exchange agreement to acquire full ownership of MitoCareX from SciSparc Ltd (NASDAQ:SPRC),
Dr. Alon Silberman, and Prof. Ciro Leonardo Pierri (the Sellers). Under the agreement, N2OFF will purchase 4,961
shares from SciSparc for $700,000 and exchange additional shares with all Sellers for common stock totaling 40% of the Companys
fully diluted capital stock. The Sellers will collectively be entitled to 30% of N2OFFs financing proceeds (capped at $1.6 million)
for five years. Upon closing, MitoCareX will become a wholly owned subsidiary of N2OFF, with its board reconstituted with N2OFF appointees.
The transaction is subject to the approval of N2OFFs stockholders.

In
addition, under the terms of the agreement, the Sellers will be entitled to milestone-based issuances of up to 25% of common stock of
N2OFF, calculated on a fully diluted basis.

MitoCareX
is focusing on the development of novel therapies for hard-to-treat cancers by targeting proteins belonging to the mitochondrial
SLC25 protein family. MitoCareXs drug discovery activities rely on the ability to generate reliable 3D comparative modeling for
its proteins of interest, which further allows the potential identification of anti-cancer small molecule therapeutics. Furthermore,
by leveraging its advanced in-vitro screening systems related to mitochondria, MitoCareX corroborates the anti-cancer biological activity
of small molecules discovered through its computational platform. According to Coherent Market Insights report, the global Cancer
Therapeutics and Biotherapeutics market was estimated to be valued at $194.1B in 2024 and is expected to reach $344.1B by 2031.

This agreement also contemplates a commitment
by the Company to financially support MitoCareXs operations during the first two years following the closing, including an initial
cash investment of $1,000,000. 

Mr.
Amitay Weiss, Chairman of the Board of Directors of N2OFF, also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of SciSparc. Additionally,
Ms. Liat Sidi, a member of N2OFFs Board of Directors, also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of SciSparc.

About
MitoCareX Bio

MitoCareX
Bio Ltd. is a computationally advanced - drug discovery company specializing in the development of novel therapies for hard-to-treat,
cancers. By leveraging its cutting-edge computational capabilities alongside advanced mitochondria related in vitro capabilities, the
company performs drug discovery with a focus on the mitochondrial SLC25 protein family to identify and develop breakthrough oncology
treatments. MitoCareXs innovative approach combines computational chemistry, structural biology and precision medicine, accelerating
the discovery of next-generation cancer therapeutics. For more information: https://mitocarexbio.com/

About
N2OFF Inc:

N2OFF,
Inc. (formerly known as Save Foods, Inc.) is a clean tech company engaged in sustainable solutions for energy and innovation for
agri- tech. Through its operational activities it delivers integrated solutions for sustainable energy, greenhouse gas emissions
reduction and safety, quality solutions for the agri- tech market. NTWO OFF Ltd., N2OFFs majority-owned Israeli subsidiary,
aims to tackle greenhouse gas emissions, offering a pioneering solution to mitigate nitrous oxide (N2O) emissions, a
potent greenhouse gas with 310 times the global warming impact of carbon dioxide. NTWO OFF Ltd., aims to promote agricultural
practices that are both environmentally friendly and economically viable. N2OFF recently entered the solar PV market and will
provide funding to Solterra Renewable Energy Ltd. for a current project with total Capacity of 111 MWp, as well as potential future
projects. Save Foods Ltd., N2OFFs majority-owned Israeli subsidiary, focuses on post-harvest treatments in fruit and
vegetables to control and prevent pathogen contamination. For more information on Save Foods Ltd. and NTWO OFF Ltd. visit our
website: www.n2off.com.

Forward-looking
Statements:

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal securities laws. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends,
plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such
words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Because such statements deal with future events and are based on our current
expectations, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties the potential synergies between N2OFF and MitoCareX, the likelihood
that the stockholders of N2OFF will approve the transaction with MitoCareX and the Sellers discussed in this press release, operational
and business opportunities available to N2OFF following the acquisition of MitoCareX, and the potential benefits MitoCareX can present
to N2OFF if the transaction is approved by the stockholders of N2OFF. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially
from those described in or implied by the statements in this press release. The forward-looking statements contained or implied in this
press release are subject to other risks and uncertainties, including market conditions as well as those discussed under the heading
Risk Factors in N2OFFs Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025, and
in any subsequent filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions
to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. References and links to websites have been provided as a convenience, and the information contained on such websites is not incorporated
by reference into this press release. We are not responsible for the contents of third-party websites.

Investor
Relations Contact:

Michal
Efraty

michal@efraty.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nito-20250225.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nito-20250225_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nito-20250225_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008294-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001789192 

2025-02-25 
2025-02-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001789192 
8-K 
2025-02-25 
N2OFF, Inc. 
NV 
001-40403 
26-4684680 
HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander) 
Neve Yarak 
IL 
4994500 
(347) 
468-9583 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NITO 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40403

Entity Registrant Name N2OFF,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001789192

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4684680

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One HaPardes
134 (Meshek Sander)

Entity Address, City or Town Neve
Yarak

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 4994500

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 468-9583

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NITO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://n2off.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
nito-20250225.xsd 
nito-20250225_lab.xml 
nito-20250225_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>