<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-015152.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-015152.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-015152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RLJ Lodging Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001511337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35169
		FILM NUMBER:		25639902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-280-7777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256992d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000151133700015113372025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 18, 2025

RLJ LODGING TRUST

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter)

Maryland 001-35169 27-4706509

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

7373 Wisconsin Avenue,Suite
1000,

Bethesda,
Maryland 20814

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

(301) 280-7777

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share RLJ New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of
Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On February 18, 2025, RLJ
Lodging Trust (the Company) and RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., the Companys operating partnership (the Operating
Partnership), entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Robert L. Johnson, the Executive Chairman of the Companys
Board of Trustees. The employment agreement (the Johnson Employment Agreement),which supersedes the amended and restated
employment agreement previously entered into between the parties, contains terms and conditions that are substantially identical to such
prior amended and restated employment agreement. Pursuant to the Johnson Employment Agreement, Mr. Johnson will continue in his role as
the Companys Executive Chairman.

The Johnson Employment Agreement
is effective as of November 1, 2024. The Johnson Employment Agreement has a three-year term. If the parties fail to enter into a new agreement
on or before the end of the term, Mr. Johnsons employment will terminate at the end of the term. Mr. Johnsons base salary
each year will continue to be $500,000, which base salary is subject to annual review and may be increased but not decreased from time
to time. Mr. Johnson is eligible for a cash bonus and will be provided with a threshold cash bonus opportunity equal to 75% of his base
salary, target cash bonus opportunity equal to 125% of his base salary, maximum cash bonus opportunity equal to 175% of his base salary,
and outperformance cash bonus opportunity equal to 225% of his base salary.

Mr. Johnson will be eligible
for grants of options, restricted common shares, restricted common share units, and long-term incentive units in the Operating Partnership,
subject to certain time vesting requirements and other conditions set forth in the applicable award agreement. If the Compensation Committee
of the Companys Board of Trustees (the Compensation Committee) determines to make grants of any of the foregoing
instruments to the Companys executives in any fiscal year, Mr. Johnson will be entitled to receive a grant that is commensurate
with those granted to the other executives and has comparable terms and conditions as the grants awarded by the Compensation Committee
to other Company executives in such fiscal year.

The Johnson Employment Agreement
also (i) sets forth Mr. Johnsons right to severance payments and/or benefits upon his termination of employment and (ii) contains
customary non-competition and non-solicitation covenants that apply during the term and for 24 months following the expiration or termination
of Mr. Johnsons employment.

A copy of the Johnson Employment
Agreement is attached to this report as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The summary set forth above is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Exhibit 10.1.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements
and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2025, by and among RLJ Lodging Trust, RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. and Robert L. Johnson

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

RLJ Lodging Trust

Date: February 19, 2025 By: /s/ Leslie D. Hale

Leslie D. Hale

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256992d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

ROBERT L. JOHNSON

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made this 18th day of February 2025, by RLJ Lodging Trust, a Maryland real
estate investment trust (the Company), and RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating
Partnership), each with its principal place of business at 7373 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1500, Bethesda, MD 20814, and Robert
L. Johnson, residing at the address on file with the Company (the Executive).

WHEREAS, the Company is the
sole general partner of the Operating Partnership;

WHEREAS, the Executive, the
Company, and the Operating Partnership entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 1, 2021 (the Prior
Agreement), to reflect the Executives executive capacities in the Companys business and to continue to provide for
the Companys and the Operating Partnerships employment of the Executive;

WHEREAS, the Prior Agreement
expired on October 31, 2024, and the parties now desire to enter into this Agreement to continue the terms and conditions of the
Executives ongoing employment;

WHEREAS, the Agreement will
be effective as of November 1, 2024;

WHEREAS, the allocation of
the rights and obligations between the Company and the Operating Partnership shall be determined by separate agreement of those parties;
and

WHEREAS, for purposes of this
Agreement, the term Company shall be understood to include the Operating Partnership, unless the context otherwise requires.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term
of Employment

(a) The
Company hereby continues its employment of the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such ongoing employment with the Company, upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for the period next described (the Employment Period). Unless terminated
earlier pursuant to Section 5, the Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement shall be for a term commencing
on November 1, 2024 (the Commencement Date) and ending on the third anniversary of the Commencement Date (the Term).

(b) If
the parties have failed to enter into a new agreement on or before the end of the Term, the Executives employment shall terminate
at the end of the Term, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6(c), the Companys only obligation
to Executive upon such termination will be to accelerate, subject to the conditions of Section 6(c)(iv), the vesting in any
unvested portion of any equity awards granted prior to the end of the Term, and to pay the amounts set forth in Section 6(a).
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is employed on the last day of
the Term which is not renewed, the Board shall determine the amount of any annual bonus to award Executive for the fiscal year in which
the end of the Term occurs, based on the criteria set forth in Section 4(b) and pro-rated for the portion of the calendar
year Executive remains employed. The Company shall pay any such bonus on the date on which the Companys other employees receive
bonuses, regardless of whether Executive is employed by the Company on that date.

1

2. Title;
Duties

The Executive shall continue
his ongoing employment as Executive Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Company. The Executive shall report to the Board of Trustees,
who shall have the authority to direct, control and supervise the activities of the Executive. The Executive shall perform such services
consistent with his position as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Trustees and are consistent with the bylaws of
the Company and the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership as it may be further amended from
time to time, including, but not limited to, managing the affairs of the Company and Operating Partnership.

3. Extent
of Services

The Executive agrees not to
engage in any business activities during the Employment Period which may be in conflict with his duties and responsibilities to the Company,
consistent with past practices, and will devote sufficient business time, attention, skill and effort to the performance of his duties
under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may, without impairing or otherwise adversely affecting the Executives
performance of his duties to the Company, (i) engage in personal investments, other business interests (consistent with past practice),
and charitable, professional and civic activities, and (ii) with the prior approval of the Board of Trustees, serve on the boards
of directors of corporations other than the Company, provided, however, that no such approval shall be necessary for the Executives
continued service on any board of directors or board of trustees on which he was serving on the date of this Agreement, all of which have
been previously disclosed to the Board of Trustees in writing. The Executive shall perform his duties to the best of his ability, shall
adhere to the Companys published policies and procedures, and shall use his best efforts to promote the Companys interests,
reputation, business and welfare.

4. Compensation
and Benefits

During the Employment Period:

(a) Salary.
Commencing on the Commencement Date, the Company shall pay the Executive a gross base annual salary rate (Base Salary) of
$500,000. The Base Salary shall be payable in arrears in approximately equal semi-monthly installments (except that the first and last
such semi-monthly installments may be prorated if necessary) on the Companys regularly scheduled payroll dates, minus such deductions
as may be required by law or reasonably requested by the Executive. The Companys Compensation Committee (the Compensation
Committee) shall review his Base Salary annually in conjunction with its regular review of employee salaries and may increase (but
not decrease) Executives Base Salary as in effect from time to time as the Compensation Committee shall deem appropriate.

2

(b) Annual
Bonus. Executive shall be entitled to earn bonuses with respect to each fiscal year (or partial fiscal year), based upon Executives
and the Companys achievement of performance objectives set by the Company within the first three (3) months of each fiscal
year of the Employment Period. Executive will be provided with a threshold bonus opportunity of 75%, target bonus opportunity of 125%,
maximum bonus opportunity of 175%, and outperformance bonus opportunity of 225% of Executives Base Salary for such fiscal year
(or partial fiscal year). Any such bonus earned by the Executive shall be paid annually by March 15 of the year following the end
of the year for which the bonus was earned.

(c) Option,
Restricted Share, Restricted Share Unit and LTIP Unit Grants. The Executive will be eligible for grants of options to purchase the
Companys common shares of beneficial interest (common shares), grants of Company restricted common shares, restricted
common share units and long-term incentive units in the Operating Partnership subject to certain time vesting requirements and other conditions
set forth in the applicable award agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, in the event the Compensation Committee determines to make
grants of any of the foregoing instruments to the Companys executives in any fiscal year, the Executive shall be entitled to receive
a grant that is commensurate with those granted to other executives and has comparable terms and conditions as the grants awarded by the
Compensation Committee to other Company executives in such fiscal year.

(d) Other
Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to paid time off and holiday pay in accordance with the Companys policies in effect
from time to time and shall be eligible to participate in such life, health, and disability insurance, pension, deferred compensation
and incentive plans, options and awards, performance bonuses and other benefits as the Company extends, as a matter of policy, to its
executive employees.

(e) Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable travel, entertainment and other expenses incurred
or paid by the Executive in connection with, or related to, the performance of his duties, responsibilities or services under this Agreement,
upon presentation by the Executive of documentation, expense statements, vouchers, and/or such other supporting information as the Company
may reasonably request.

(f) Timing
of Reimbursements. Any reimbursement under this Agreement that is taxable to the Executive shall be made in no event later than sixty
(60) days following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred the expense.

5. Termination

(a) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment under this Agreement at any time for Cause, upon
written notice by the Company to the Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause for termination shall mean any of
the following: (i) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with the performance of duties; (ii) conviction of a
felony; (iii) conviction of any other criminal offense involving an act of dishonesty intended to result in substantial personal
enrichment of the Executive at the expense of the Company or its subsidiaries; or (iv) material breach of any term of any employment,
consulting or other services, confidentiality, intellectual property or non-competition agreements, if any, between the Executive and
the Company, which, if such breach is curable, such breach is not cured within fifteen (15) calendar days following the Executives
receipt of written notice of such breach, with such detail as sufficient to apprise Executive of the nature and extent of such breach.

3

(b) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive Without Good Reason. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time without
Cause or the Executive may resign without Good Reason (as defined below), upon giving the other party thirty (30) days written
notice. At the Companys sole discretion, it may substitute thirty (30) days Base Salary (or any lesser portion for any shortened
period provided) in lieu of notice. Any Base Salary paid to the Executive in lieu of notice shall not be offset against any entitlement
the Executive may have to the Severance Payment pursuant to Section 6(c).

(c) Termination
by Executive for Good Reason. The Executive may terminate his employment under this Agreement at any time for Good Reason, upon written
notice by the Executive to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason for termination shall mean, without
the Executives consent: (i) the assignment to the Executive of substantial duties or responsibilities inconsistent with the
Executives position at the Company, or any other action by the Company which results in a substantial diminution of the Executives
duties or responsibilities other than any such reduction which is remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days of receipt of written
notice thereof from the Executive; (ii) a requirement that the Executive work principally from a location that is thirty (30) miles
further from the Executives residence than the Companys address first written above; (iii) a material reduction in
the Executives aggregate Base Salary and other compensation (including the target bonus amount and retirement plans, welfare plans
and fringe benefits) taken as a whole, excluding any reductions caused by the failure to achieve performance targets and excluding any
reductions on account of the reduction in severance benefits from the Prior Agreement; or (iv) any material breach by the Company
of this Agreement. Good Reason shall not exist pursuant to any subsection of this Section 5(c) unless (A) the Executive
shall have delivered notice to the Board of Trustees within ninety (90) days of the initial occurrence of such event constituting Good
Reason, and (B) the Board fails to remedy the circumstances giving rise to the Executives notice within thirty (30) days of
receipt of notice. The Executive must terminate his employment under this Section 5(c) at a time agreed reasonably with
the Company, but in any event within one hundred fifty (150) days from the initial occurrence of an event constituting Good Reason. For
purposes of Good Reason, the Company shall be defined to include any successor to the Company which has assumed the obligations of the
Company through merger, acquisition, stock purchase, asset purchase or otherwise.

(d) Executives
Death or Disability. The Executives employment shall terminate immediately upon his death or, upon written notice as set forth
below, his Disability. As used in this Agreement, Disability shall mean such physical or mental impairment as would render
the Executive unable to perform each of the essential duties of the Executives position by reason of a medically determinable physical
or mental impairment which is potentially permanent in character or which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than twelve (12) months. If the Employment Period is terminated by reason of the Executives Disability, either party shall give
thirty (30) days advance written notice to that effect to the other.

4

(e) Executives
Retirement. The Executives employment shall terminate upon his Retirement. As used in this Agreement, Retirement
shall mean the point in which the Executive has reached the age of sixty-five (65) and has decided to exit the workforce completely. If
the Employment Period is terminated by reason of the Executives Retirement, the Executive shall give one hundred eighty (180) days
advance notice to the effect to the Company.

6. Effect
of Termination

(a) General.
Regardless of the reason for any termination of employment and subject to this Section 6, the Executive (or the Executives
estate if the Employment Period ends on account of the Executives death) shall be entitled to (i) payment of any unpaid portion
of his Base Salary through the effective date of termination; (ii) reimbursement for any outstanding reasonable business expense
he has incurred in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Company policy; (iii) continued insurance benefits to the extent
required by law; and (iv) payment of any vested but unpaid rights as may be required independent of this Agreement by the terms of
any bonus or other incentive pay or equity plan, or any other employee benefit plan or program of the Company. Upon termination of employment
for any reason, the Executive shall resign from all boards and committees of the Company, its affiliates and its subsidiaries.

(b) Termination
by the Company for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason. If the Company terminates the Executives employment for Cause
or the Executive terminates his employment without Good Reason, the Executive shall have no rights or claims against the Company except
to receive the payments and benefits described in Section 6(a).

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause or by the Executive with Good Reason. Except as provided in Section 1(b), if during the Employment
Period the Company terminates the Executives employment without Cause pursuant to Section 5(b), or the Executive terminates
employment with Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(c), the Executive shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the items
referenced in Section 6(a), the following:

(i) a
pro rata bonus for the year of termination but, in connection with a termination other than a termination at or after a Change
of Control (as defined in the RLJ Lodging Trust 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto), only to the extent
performance goals for the calendar year of termination are achieved, payable at the same time bonuses are paid for such year but in no
event later than March 15 of the fiscal year following his termination. If the termination occurs at or after a Change of
Control the pro rata bonus will be determined at the target level, regardless of the extent to which performance goals for the
calendar year of termination are achieved;

(ii) continued
payment of his Base Salary, at the rate in effect on his last day of employment (but in no event in an annual amount less than as set
forth in Section 4(a)), for a period of thirty six (36) months; provided, that if such termination occurs after the second
anniversary of the Commencement Date, the period of continued payment of Base Salary shall be a period of twenty four (24) months. Such
amount shall be paid in approximately equal installments on the Companys regularly scheduled payroll dates, subject to all legally
required payroll deductions and withholdings for sums owed by the Executive to the Company;

5

(iii) continued
payment by the Company for the Executives life and health insurance coverage for twenty four (24) months to the same extent that
the Company paid for such coverage immediately prior to the termination of the Executives employment and subject to the eligibility
requirements and other terms and conditions of such insurance coverage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) if any plan pursuant to
which the Company is providing such coverage is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt
from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) (Section 409A)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), or (B) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover the Executive
under its group health plans, then, in either case, an amount equal to the monthly plan premium payment shall thereafter be paid to the
Executive as currently taxable compensation in substantially equal monthly installments over the twenty-four (24) month period (or the
remaining portion thereof); payments equal to three (3) times the Executives target annual bonus for the year of termination,
provided that if such termination occurs after the second anniversary of the Commencement Date, payment shall equal two (2) times
the target annual bonus for the year of termination. The payments provided for in this paragraph (iii) shall be made in three equal
installments on the first three anniversaries of the date of the Executives termination of employment; provided, however, if the
termination occurs after the second anniversary of the Commencement Date, payment shall be in two equal installments on the first two
anniversaries of the date of the Executives termination of employment; and

(iv) vesting
as of the last day of his employment in any unvested portion of any equity awards previously granted to the Executive by the Company (but
excluding any award that references and proclaims to supersede this Agreement and as to which the provisions of such award shall control);
provided, however, that the Company may, in connection with a termination other than a termination at or after a Change of Control
(as defined in the RLJ Lodging Trust 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto) with respect to awards the vesting of
which is conditioned on the achievement of performance goals, condition accelerated vesting on the ultimate achievement of the performance
goals, in which case such awards shall remain outstanding until certification of achievement of the performance goals, and such awards
shall vest or be forfeited as of such certification date based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. If the termination
occurs at or after a Change of Control vesting shall occur at the target level, regardless of the extent to which performance
goals for the calendar year of termination are achieved.

None of the benefits described
in this Section 6(c) (the Severance Payment) will be payable unless the Executive has signed a general
release (attached hereto as Exhibit A) within forty-five (45) days of date of termination, which has (and not until it has)
become irrevocable, satisfactory to the Company in the reasonable exercise of its discretion, releasing the Company, its affiliates, and
its trustees, directors, officers and employees, from any and all claims or potential claims arising from or related to the Executives
employment or termination of employment. Any payment conditioned on execution of the general release that was not made because the general
release was not signed and had not become irrevocable shall be made within ten (10) days after the general release becomes irrevocable,
provided that as to payments and benefits which are subject to Section 409A if the end of the forty-five (45) day plus seven (7) day
revocation period occurs in a year subsequent to the year in which the termination of employment occurs, the payments will be made in
the subsequent year. Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section 6(c) shall be paid to the Executive in a lump
sum, and all remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified
for them herein.

6

(d) Termination
In the Event of Death, Disability or Retirement.

In the event of a termination
of employment due to death, Disability or Retirement, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the items referenced in Section 6(a),
as well as any performance bonus for that fiscal year and accelerating vesting of equity awards, each as specifically set forth below.

(i) If
the Executives employment terminates because of his death, the unvested portion of any equity awards previously granted to the
Executive by the Company (but excluding any award that references and proclaims to supersede this Agreement and as to which the provisions
of such award shall control) shall become fully vested as of the date of his death and the Executives estate shall be entitled
to receive a pro-rata share of any performance bonus to which he otherwise would have been entitled for the fiscal year in which his death
occurs (regardless of whether performance goals for that fiscal year are achieved) payable at the same time bonuses are paid for such
year but in no event later than March 15 of the fiscal year following his death.

(ii) In
the event the Executives employment terminates due to his Disability, as of the effective date of the termination notice specified
in Section 5(d), the Executive shall vest in any unvested portion of any equity awards previously granted to the Executive
by the Company (but excluding any award that references and proclaims to supersede this Agreement and as to which the provisions of such
award shall control) and the Executive shall be entitled to receive a pro-rata share of any performance bonus to which he otherwise would
have been entitled for the fiscal year in which his Disability occurs (regardless of whether performance goals for that fiscal year are
achieved) payable at the same time bonuses are paid for such year but in no event later than March 15 of the fiscal year following
his Disability.

(iii) In
the event the Executives employment terminates due to his Retirement, the unvested portion of any equity awards previously granted
to the Executive by the Company (other than any award that references and proclaims to supersede this Agreement and as to which the provisions
of such award shall control) shall be fully vested as of the date of his termination; provided, however, that the Company may, with respect
to awards the vesting of which is conditioned on the achievement of performance goals, condition accelerated vesting on the ultimate achievement
of the performance goals, in which case such awards shall remain outstanding until certification of achievement of the performance goals,
and such awards shall vest or be forfeited as of such certification date based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. The
Executive also shall be entitled to payment of a pro rata portion of any performance bonus for the fiscal year of Executives Retirement
only to the extent performance goals for that fiscal year are achieved. The pro rata performance bonus, if any, shall be paid to the Executive
at the same time bonuses are paid for such year but in no event later than March 15 of the fiscal year following his Retirement.

7

7. Confidentiality

(a) Definition
of Proprietary Information. The Executive acknowledges that he may be furnished or may otherwise receive or have access to confidential
information which relates to the Companys past, present or future business activities, strategies, services or products, research
and development; financial analysis and data; improvements, inventions, processes, techniques, designs or other technical data; profit
margins and other financial information; fee arrangements; compilations for marketing or development; confidential personnel and payroll
information; or other information regarding administrative, management, or financial activities of the Company, or of a third party which
provided proprietary information to the Company on a confidential basis. All such information, including in any electronic form, and including
any materials or documents containing such information, shall be considered by the Company and the Executive as proprietary and confidential
(the Proprietary Information).

(b) Exclusions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proprietary Information shall not include information in the public domain not as a result of a breach
of any duty by the Executive or any other person.

(c) Obligations.
The Executive shall maintain the confidentiality of the Proprietary Information and shall not (i) disclose or disseminate the Proprietary
Information to any third party, including employees of the Company (or its affiliates) without a legitimate business need to know during
the Employment Period; (ii) remove the Proprietary Information from the Companys premises without a valid business purpose;
or (iii) use the Proprietary Information for his own benefit or for the benefit of any third party.

(d) Return
of Proprietary Information. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all the Proprietary Information used or generated during the
course of working for the Company is the property of the Company. The Executive agrees to deliver to the Company all documents and other
tangibles containing the Proprietary Information immediately upon termination of his employment.

8. Noncompetition

(a) Restriction
on Competition. For the period of the Executives employment with the Company and for twenty-four (24) months following the
termination of the Executives employment (the Restricted Period), the Executive agrees not to engage, directly or
indirectly, as a manager, employee, consultant, partner, principal, agent, representative, or in any other individual or representative
capacity in any material business that the Company conducts as of the date of the Executives termination of employment, including
but not limited to investments primarily in premium-branded, focused-service and compact full-service hotels, where material is defined
as fifteen percent (15%) of the gross revenues of the Company based on the most recent quarterly earnings. Executive further agrees that
for the period of the Executives employment with the Company and for the Restricted Period, the Executive will not engage, directly
or indirectly, as an owner, director, trustee, member, stockholder, or in any other corporate capacity in any material business that the
Company conducts as of the date of the Executives termination of employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall
not be deemed to have violated this Section 8(a) solely (i) by reason of his passive ownership of 1% or less of
the outstanding stock of any publicly traded corporation or other entity, (ii) by providing legal, accounting or audit services as
an employee or partner of a professional services organization or (iii) by providing services to any investment banking or other
institution that do not relate to any material business that the Company conducts as of the date of the Executives termination
of employment.

8

(b) Non-Solicitation
of Clients. During the Restricted Period, the Executive agrees not to solicit, directly or indirectly, on his own behalf or on behalf
of any other person(s), any client of the Company to whom the Company had provided services at any time during the Executives employment
with the Company in any line of business that the Company conducts as of the date of the Executives termination of employment or
that the Company is actively soliciting, for the purpose of marketing or providing any service competitive with any service then offered
by the Company.

(c) Non-Solicitation
of Employees. During the Restricted Period, the Executive agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly, hire or attempt to hire
or cause any business, other than an affiliate of the Company, to hire any person who is then or was at any time during the preceding
six (6) months an employee of the Company and who is at the time of such hire or attempted hire, or was at the date of such employees
separation from the Company a vice president, senior vice president or executive vice president or other senior executive employee of
the Company.

(d) Acknowledgement.
The Executive acknowledges that he will acquire much Proprietary Information concerning the past, present and future business of the Company
as the result of his employment, as well as access to the relationships between the Company and its clients and employees. The Executive
further acknowledges that the business of the Company is very competitive and that competition by him in that business during his employment,
or after his employment terminates, would severely injure the Company. The Executive understands and agrees that the restrictions contained
in this Section 8 are reasonable and are required for the Companys legitimate protection, and do not unduly limit his
ability to earn a livelihood.

(e) Rights
and Remedies upon Breach. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that any breach by him of any of the provisions of Sections 7
and 8 (the Restrictive Covenants) would result in irreparable injury and damage for which money damages would not
provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, if the Executive breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of the Restrictive
Covenants, the Company and its affiliates shall have the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent
of the other and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights
and remedies available to the Company and its affiliates under law or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages):

(i) The
right and remedy to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need to prove damages)
by any court of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry against the Executive of restraining orders
and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened or actual, and whether or not then continuing,
of such covenants; and

9

(ii) The
right and remedy to require the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company and its affiliates all compensation, profits, monies,
accruals, increments or other benefits (collectively, Benefits) derived or received by him as the result of any transactions
constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, and the Executive shall account for and pay over such Benefits to the Company and,
if applicable, its affected affiliates.

(f) Without
limiting Section 14(k), if any court or other decision-maker of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the Restrictive
Covenants, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographical scope of such provision, then, after such determination
has become final and unappealable, the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision
becomes enforceable and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced.

9. Executive
Representation

The Executive represents and
warrants to the Company that he is not now under any obligation of a contractual or other nature to any person, business or other entity
which is inconsistent or in conflict with this Agreement or which would prevent him from performing his obligations under this Agreement.

10. Mediation
and Arbitration

(a) Except
as provided in Sections 10(b) and 10(c), any disputes between the Company and the Executive in any way concerning the
Executives employment, the termination of his employment, this Agreement or its enforcement shall be subject to mediation. If the
Company and the Executive cannot agree upon a mediator, each shall select one name from a list of mediators maintained by any bona fide
dispute resolution provider or other private mediator; the two selected shall then choose a third person who will serve as the sole mediator.
The first mediation session shall occur within forty-five (45) calendar days following the notice of a dispute. If within sixty (60) days
of the first mediation session the claim is not resolved, either party may request that the dispute be settled exclusively by arbitration
in the state of Maryland by a single arbitrator, selected in the same manner as the mediator, in accordance with the National Rules for
the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time of submission to arbitration. Judgment
may be entered on the arbitrators award in any court having jurisdiction. For purposes of entering any judgment upon an award rendered
by the arbitrators, any or all of the following courts have jurisdiction: (i) the United States District Court for the Fourth Circuit,
(ii) any of the courts of the State of Maryland, or (iii) any other court having jurisdiction. Any service of process or notice
requirements in any such proceeding shall be satisfied if the rules of such court relating thereto have been substantially satisfied.
The Company and the Executive waive to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have
to such jurisdiction and any defense of inconvenient forum. A judgment upon an award rendered by the arbitrators may be enforced in other
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Each party shall bear its or his costs and expenses arising
in connection with any arbitration proceeding.

10

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company, in its sole discretion, may bring an action in any court of competent jurisdiction to seek injunctive relief
and such other relief as the Company shall elect to enforce the Restrictive Covenants. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions
hold the Restrictive Covenants wholly unenforceable by reason of breadth of scope or otherwise it is the intention of the Company and
the Executive that such determination not bar or in any way affect the Companys right, or the right of any of its affiliates, to
the relief provided in Section 8(e) above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of such
Restrictive Covenants, as to breaches of such Restrictive Covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such Restrictive Covenants
as they relate to each jurisdiction being, for this purpose, severable, diverse and independent covenants, subject, where appropriate,
to the doctrine of res judicata. The parties hereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury for any and all disputes hereunder (whether
or not relating to the Restrictive Covenants).

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company or the Executive may bring an action in any court of competent jurisdiction to resolve any dispute under or
seek the enforcement of Section 6.

11. Section 409A.

To the extent the Executive
would be subject to the additional twenty percent (20%) tax imposed on certain deferred compensation arrangements pursuant to Section 409A,
as a result of any provision of this Agreement, such provision shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to avoid application
of such tax and preserve to the maximum extent possible the original intent and economic benefit to the Executive and the Company, and
the parties shall promptly execute any amendment reasonably necessary to implement this Section 11.

(a) For
purposes of Section 409A, the Executives right to receive installment payments pursuant to this Agreement including, without
limitation, each severance payment and health insurance payment shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct
payments.

(b) The
Executive will be deemed to have a date of termination for purposes of determining the timing of any payments or benefits hereunder that
are classified as deferred compensation only upon a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A.

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of the Executives separation from service, (i) the Executive
is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from
time to time), and (ii) the Company makes a good faith determination that an amount payable on account of such separation from service
to the Executive constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) the payment of which is required to be delayed
pursuant to the six (6) month delay rule set forth in Section 409A in order to avoid taxes or penalties under Section 409A
(the Delay Period), then the Company will not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled payment date but will instead pay
it in a lump sum on the first business day after such six (6) month period (or upon the Executives death, if earlier), together
with interest for the period of delay, compounded annually, equal to the prime rate (as published in the Wall Street Journal) in effect
as of the dates the payments should otherwise have been provided. To the extent that any benefits to be provided during the Delay Period
are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A provided on account of a separation from service, and such
benefits are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A, the Executive shall pay the cost of such benefit during the Delay Period, and
the Company shall reimburse the Executive, to the extent that such costs would otherwise have been paid by the Company or to the extent
that such benefits would otherwise have been provided by the Company at no cost to the Executive, the Companys share of the cost
of such benefits upon expiration of the Delay Period, and any remaining benefits shall be reimbursed or provided by the Company in accordance
with the procedures specified herein.

11

(d) (i) Any
amount that the Executive is entitled to be reimbursed under this Agreement will be reimbursed to the Executive as promptly as practical
and in any event not later than the last day of the calendar year after the calendar year in which the expenses are incurred, (ii) any
right to reimbursement or in kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (iii) the amount
of the expenses eligible for reimbursement during any taxable year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in
any other taxable year.

(e) Whenever
a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within
thirty (30) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the
sole discretion of the Company.

12. Parachute
Payment Limitations

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement or of any other agreement, contract, or understanding heretofore or hereafter entered into by the Executive
and the Company or its affiliates, except an agreement, contract, or understanding hereafter entered into that expressly modifies or excludes
application of this Section 12 (the Other Agreements), and notwithstanding any formal or informal plan or other
arrangement heretofore or hereafter adopted by the Company or any of its affiliates for the direct or indirect compensation of the Executive
(including groups or classes of participants or beneficiaries of which the Executive is a member), whether or not such compensation is
deferred, is in cash, or is in the form of a benefit to or for the Executive (a Benefit Arrangement), if the Executive is
a disqualified individual, as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code, any right to receive any payment or other
benefit under this Agreement shall not become exercisable or vested (i) to the extent that such right to exercise, vesting, payment,
or benefit, taking into account all other rights, payments, or benefits to or for Executive under the Agreement, all Other Agreements,
and all Benefit Arrangements, would cause any payment or benefit to the Executive under this Agreement to be considered a parachute
payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code as then in effect (a Parachute Payment) and
(ii) if, as a result of receiving a Parachute Payment, the aggregate after-tax amounts received by the Executive from the Company
or any of its affiliates under this Agreement, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements would be less than the maximum after-tax
amount that could be received by Executive without causing any such payment or benefit to be considered a Parachute Payment. In the event
that the receipt of any such right to exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit under this Agreement, in conjunction with all other rights,
payments, or benefits to or for the Executive under the Agreement, any Other Agreement or any Benefit Arrangement would cause the Executive
to be considered to have received a Parachute Payment under this Agreement that would have the effect of decreasing the after-tax amount
received by the Executive as described in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence, then the Executive shall have the right, in the
Executives sole discretion, to designate those rights, payments, or benefits under this Agreement, any Other Agreements, and any
Benefit Arrangements that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having the payment or benefit to the Executive under this Agreement
be deemed to be a Parachute Payment; provided, however, that, to the extent any payment or benefit constitutes deferred compensation under
Section 409A, in order to comply with Section 409A, the reduction or elimination will be performed in the following order: (A) reduction
of cash payments; (B) reduction of COBRA benefits; (C) cancellation of acceleration of vesting on any equity awards for which
the exercise price exceeds the then fair market value of the underlying equity; and (D) cancellation of acceleration of vesting of
equity awards not covered under (C) above; provided, however that in the event that acceleration of vesting of equity awards is to
be cancelled, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of such equity awards, that is,
later granted equity awards shall be canceled before earlier granted equity awards.

12

13. Clawback
Policies

The Executive is subject to
any recoupment or clawback policies that the Company may implement or maintain at any time regarding incentive-based compensation, which
is granted or awarded to Executive on or after the date of this Agreement. Such policies may include the right to recover incentive-based
compensation (including stock options awarded as compensation) awarded or received during the three-year period preceding the date on
which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement
under federal securities laws. The Executive agrees to amend any awards and agreements entered into on or after the date of this Agreement
as the Company may request to reasonably implement such policies.

14. Miscellaneous

(a) Payment
of Financial Obligations. The payment or provision to the Executive by the Company of any remuneration, benefits or other financial
obligations pursuant to this Agreement and any indemnification obligations, shall be allocated between the Company and the Operating Partnership
by the Compensation Committee based on any reasonable method.

(b) Notices.
All notices required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective (i) upon personal delivery,
(ii) upon deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or (iii) in the case
of facsimile transmission or delivery by nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when received, addressed as follows:

If to the Company,
to:

RLJ Lodging Trust

7373 Wisconsin Avenue

Suite 1500

Bethesda, MD 20814

Attention: Chad Perry, Executive Vice President and General
Counsel

13

If to the Executive, to:

Robert L. Johnson

Address on file with the Company

or to such other address or addresses
as either party shall designate to the other in writing from time to time by like notice.

(c) Pronouns.
Whenever the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms,
and the singular forms of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

(d) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
including the Prior Agreement, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

(e) Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument executed by the Company and the Executive.

(f) Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard
to its conflicts of laws principles.

(g) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns,
including any entity with which or into which the Company may be merged or which may succeed to its assets or business or any entity to
which the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the obligations of the Executive
are personal and shall not be assigned or delegated by him.

(h) Waiver.
No delays or omission by the Company or the Executive in exercising any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that or
any other right.

A waiver or consent by the
Company shall not be effective unless consented to by the Operating Partnership and vice versa. A waiver or consent given by the Company
or the Executive on any one occasion shall be effective only in that instance and shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of any right
on any other occasion.

(i) Captions.
The captions appearing in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or affect the scope or substance
of any section of this Agreement.

(j) Severability.
In case any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court or arbitrator with jurisdiction over the parties to this Agreement to
be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, such provision shall be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions
of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no
way be affected or impaired thereby.

(k) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Robert L. Johnson as of the day and year first above written.

RLJ LODGING TRUST

By: /s/ Leslie D. Hale

Name: Leslie D. Hale

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

RLJ LODGING TRUST, L.P.

By: RLJ Lodging Trust, its general partner

By: /s/ Leslie D. Hale

Name: Leslie D. Hale

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Robert L. Johnson

ROBERT L. JOHNSON

Signature Page to Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement

Exhibit A

WAIVER AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

THIS WAIVER AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
(this Release) is entered into as of [___________] (the Effective Date), by Robert L. Johnson
(Executive) in consideration of severance pay (the Severance Payment) provided to Executive
by RLJ Lodging Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company) and RLJ Lodging Trust, L.P. (together
with the Company, the Company Group), pursuant to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the
Company Group and Executive (the Employment Agreement).

1.Waiver
and Release. Subject to the last sentence of the first paragraph of this Section 1, Executive, on his own behalf and
on behalf of his heirs, executors, administrators, attorneys and assigns, hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases, waives and
forever discharges the Company Group and each of their affiliates, parents, successors, predecessors, and the subsidiaries, directors,
trustees, owners, members, shareholders, officers, agents, and employees of the Company Group and their affiliates, parents, successors,
predecessors, and subsidiaries (collectively, all of the foregoing are referred to as the Employer), from any and
all causes of action, claims and damages, including attorneys fees, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, presently
asserted or otherwise arising through the date of his signing of this Release, concerning his employment or separation from employment.
Subject to the last sentence of the first paragraph of this Section 1, this Release includes, but is not limited to, any payments,
benefits or damages arising under any federal law (including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Executive Order 11246, the
Family and Medical Leave Act, and the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, each as amended, and all other employment discrimination
laws whatsoever as may be created or amended from time to time); any claim arising under any state or local laws, ordinances or regulations
(including, but not limited to, any state or local laws, ordinances or regulations requiring that advance notice be given of certain workforce
reductions); and any claim arising under any common law principle or public policy, including, but not limited to, all suits in tort or
contract, such as wrongful termination, defamation, emotional distress, invasion of privacy or loss of consortium. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Release to the contrary, this Release does not encompass, and Executive does not release, waive or discharge,
the obligations of the Company Group (a) to make the payments and provide the other benefits contemplated by the Employment Agreement,
or (b) under any restricted stock agreement, option agreement or other agreement pertaining to Executives equity ownership,
or (c) under any indemnification or similar agreement with Executive or indemnification under the Articles of Incorporation, Amended
and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, Bylaws or other governing instruments of the Company Group.

Executive understands that
by signing this Release, he is not waiving any claims or administrative charges which cannot be waived by law. He is waiving, however,
any right to monetary recovery or individual relief should any federal, state or local agency (including the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission) pursue any claim on his behalf arising out of or related to his employment with and/or separation from employment with the
Company Group.

Executive further agrees without
any reservation whatsoever, never to sue the Employer or become a party to a lawsuit on the basis of any and all claims of any type lawfully
and validly released in this Release.

2.Acknowledgments.
Executive is signing this Release knowingly and voluntarily. He acknowledges that:

(a)He
is hereby advised in writing to consult an attorney before signing this Release;

(b)He
has relied solely on his own judgment and/or that of his attorney regarding the consideration for and the terms of this Release and is
signing this Release knowingly and voluntarily of his own free will;

(c)He
is not entitled to the Severance Payment unless he agrees to and honors the terms of this Release;

(d)He
has been given at least twenty-one (21) calendar days to consider this Release, or he expressly waives his right to have at least twenty-one
(21) days to consider this Release;

(e)He
may revoke this Release within seven (7) calendar days after signing it by submitting a written notice of revocation to the Employer.
He further understands that this Release is not effective or enforceable until after the seven (7) day period of revocation has expired
without revocation, and that if he revokes this Release within the seven (7) day revocation period, he will not receive the Severance
Payment;

(f)He
has read and understands the Release and further understands that, subject to the limitations contained herein, it includes a general
release of any and all known and unknown, foreseen or unforeseen claims presently asserted or otherwise arising through the date of his
signing of this Release that he may have against the Employer; and

(g)No
statements made or conduct by the Employer has in any way coerced or unduly influenced him to execute this Release.

3.No
Admission of Liability. This Release does not constitute an admission of liability or wrongdoing on the part of the Employer,
the Employer does not admit there has been any wrongdoing whatsoever against the Executive, and the Employer expressly denies that any
wrongdoing has occurred.

4.Entire
Agreement. There are no other agreements of any nature between the Employer and Executive with respect to the matters discussed
in this Release, except as expressly stated herein, and in signing this Release, Executive is not relying on any agreements or representations,
except those expressly contained in this Release.

5.Execution.
It is not necessary that the Employer sign this Release following Executives full and complete execution of it for it to become
fully effective and enforceable.

6.Severability.
If any provision of this Release is found, held or deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, unlawful or unenforceable
under any applicable statute or controlling law, the remainder of this Release shall continue in full force and effect.

7.Governing
Law. This Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, excluding the choice of law rules thereof.

8.Headings.
Section and subsection headings contained in this Release are inserted for the convenience of reference only. Section and
subsection headings shall not be deemed to be a part of this Release for any purpose, and they shall not in any way define or affect the
meaning, construction or scope of any of the provisions hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first herein above written.

EXECUTIVE:

ROBERT L. JOHNSON
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rlj-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rlj-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rlj-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35169

Entity Registrant Name RLJ LODGING TRUST

Entity Central Index Key 0001511337

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-4706509

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 7373 Wisconsin Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
1000

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 280-7777

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RLJ

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rljlodgingtrust.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rlj-20250218.xsd 
rlj-20250218_lab.xml 
rlj-20250218_pre.xml 
tm256992d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-015152-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm256992d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001511337 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001511337 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
RLJ LODGING TRUST 
MD 
001-35169 
27-4706509 
7373 Wisconsin Avenue 
Suite 1000 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
301 
280-7777 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share 
RLJ 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>