<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-014904.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-014904.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218163105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-014904
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TREASURE GLOBAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001905956
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				364965082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41476
		FILM NUMBER:		25635496

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		276 5TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 704 #739
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6012 643 7688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		276 5TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 704 #739
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231471-8k_treasure.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000190595600019059562025-02-112025-02-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 11, 2025

TREASURE GLOBAL INC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41476 36-4965082

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

276 5th Avenue, Suite 704 #739

New York, New York 10001

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

+6012643 7688

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share TGL The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 11, 2025, VWXYZ Venture Sdn.
Bhd. (VWXYZ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Treasure Global Inc (the Company), entered into a Share
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Amystic Commerce Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia (the
Vendor). Pursuant to the Agreement, VWXYZ will acquire 51% of the ordinary shares (the Sale Shares) in
Tien Ming Distribution Sdn Bhd (Tien Ming Distribution), a subsidiary of the Vendor incorporated under the laws of
Malaysia. The purchase price for the Sale Shares is RM5,100.00. The acquisition is part of VWXYZs commitment to invest up to
RM3,000,000.00 in the Tien Ming Distribution to support its operations and obligations to provide warehousing and fulfilment
delivery services for F&N Beverages Marketing Sdn Bhd. The Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and
covenants by VWXYZ and the Vendor.

The above summary of the Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statement and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Share Purchase Agreement Dated February 11, 2025 between VWXYZ Venture Sdn. Bhd. and with Amystic Commerce Sdn. Bhd

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 18, 2025 TREASURE GLOBAL INC.

By: /s/ Carlson Thow

Name: Carlson Thow

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023147101ex10-1_treasure.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025 BETWEEN VWXYZ VENTURE SDN. BHD. AND WITH AMYSTIC COMMERCE SDN. BHD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Dated
this 11 February 2025

Between

AMYSTIC
COMMERCE SDN. BHD.

(Registration
No. 202401012524 (1558374-P))

And

VWXYZ
VENTURE SDN. BHD.

(Registration
No. 202401026133 (1571982-P))

SHARE
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

relating
to acquisition of 51% stake in Tien Ming Distribution Sdn. Bhd.

(Registration
No. 202301043369 (1537285-T))

THIS AGREEMENT
is made on 11 February 2025

BETWEEN

(1) AMYSTIC
COMMERCE SDN. BHD. (Registration No. 202401012524 (1558374-P)), a company incorporated
in Malaysia and having its registered address at No. 32B, Jalan SS 2/66, Petaling Jaya, Selangor,
Malaysia (Vendor);

AND

(2) VWXYZ
VENTURE SDN. BHD. (Registration No. 202401026133 (1571982-P)), a company incorporated
in Malaysia having its business address at BO3-C-13A, Menara 3A, KL Eco City, No. 3, Jalan
Bangsar, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, W.P. Kuala Lumpur Malaysia (Purchaser),

Each
of the Vendor and the Purchaser are hereinafter individually referred to as a Party, and collectively referred to
as Parties.

WHEREAS:

A. TIEN
MING DISTRIBUTION SDN. BHD. (Registration No. 202301043369 (1537285-T)) is a company
incorporated in Malaysia and having its registered address at 62-2, Jalan 2A/27A. Section
1, Wangsa Maju, Kuala Lumpur, W.P. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (Company),
limited by shares, incorporated under the laws of Malaysia with a share capital of RM10,000.00
comprising 10,000 ordinary shares, all of which have been issued and are fully paid up as
at the date of this Agreement.

B. On
28 November 2024, the Company was awarded a letter of award (LOA) from
F&N Beverages Marketing Sdn Bhd (FNBM), appointing the Company to
provide warehousing and fulfilment delivery services for FNBM.

C. In
reliance on the LOA awarded to the Company by FNBM, the Purchaser has agreed to invest in
the Company to support its operations and obligations under the LOA. Pursuant to this understanding,
the Parties entered into a term sheet dated 12 December 2024, under which the Purchaser committed
to investing up to RM3,000,000.00 in the Company through the acquisition of shares from the
Vendor and the provision of shareholder loans to the Company (Investment).

D. In
connection with the Investment, the Vendor has agreed to sell and the Purchaser has agreed
to purchase the Sale Shares (as defined below) free from all liens, pledges, charges and
encumbrances and with all rights attached thereto upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement and in reliance on the representations, warranties and covenants
made by the Parties herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable
consideration (the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby mutually acknowledged), each of the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1 DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and expressions
shall bear the following meanings:

Agreement
and this Agreement shall mean this Share Purchase Agreement and all attached Annexures, Schedules, Exhibits
and instruments supplemental to or amending, modifying or confirming this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;

1

Agreement
Date shall mean the date of execution of this Agreement;

AIAC
shall mean the Asian International Arbitration Centre;

Arbitration
Rules shall mean the Arbitration Rules of the AIAC;

Astute
shall mean Astute All Advisory Ltd (BVI Company No. 2162272), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and having its
business address at No. 29, Jalan PPU 2A, Taman Perindustrian Pusat Bandar Puchong, 47100 Puchong, Selangor;

Business
Day shall mean any day of the week (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays (whether gazetted or otherwise) on which
commercial banks are open for business in Kuala Lumpur;

Companies
Act shall mean the Companies Act, 2016 and all regulations made thereunder as may be consolidated, amended, revised or replaced;

Completion
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 4.1;

Completion
Date shall mean seven (7) days after the Conditions Precedent are fulfilled or waived, as the case may be, or such other date
as mutually agreed, in writing, between the Parties;

Conditions
Precedent shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 5.1;

Controlling,
Controlled by or Control with respect to any Person, shall mean: (a) the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by agreement or otherwise along with the power to elect and remove all the directors, partners or other individuals exercising similar
authority with respect to such person, without the requirement of consent or occurrence of any Third Party; or (b) controls more than
half of the voting power of the corporation; or (c) holds more than half of the issued share capital of the corporation, excluding any
part of the share capital which consists of preference shares;

Cut-Off
Date shall mean 31 December 2024;

Encumbrances
shall mean any mortgage, pledge, equitable interest, assignment by way of security, conditional sales contract, hypothecation, right
of other Persons, claim, security interest, encumbrance, title defect, title retention agreement, voting trust agreement, interest, option,
lien, charge, commitment, restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever, including restriction on use, voting rights, Transfer,
receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership, right of set-off, any arrangement (for the purpose of, or which has
the effect of, granting security), or any other security interest of any kind whatsoever, or any agreement, whether conditional or otherwise,
to create any of the same;

FNBM
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Recital B;

Governmental
Authority shall mean any entity, authority or body exerc1smg licensing, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government, including any government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality
or any state or other subdivision thereof, or any municipality, district or other subdivision thereof having jurisdiction over the Parties
to this Agreement;

Gross
Leakage shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.2;

Investment
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Recital C;

Law
or Laws shall mean all laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, guidelines, policies and other pronouncements having
the effect of law by any country, state, Governmental Authority or Person acting under the authority of any Governmental Authority, whether
in effect on the date of this Agreement or thereafter;

2

Leakage
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.1;

Long
Stop Date shall mean Fourteen (14) days from the date of this Agreement;

Material
Adverse Change means any change (or effect or event(s) including but not limited to event(s) involving petition of
winding-up, any arrangement, composition or comprise with, or assignment for ihe benefit of, its creditors or any class of them), the
consequence of which materially and adversely affects the financial position, management, business or property, results of operations,
legal or financing structure or assets or liabilities of the Company as a whole;

Non-Paying
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 14.4;

Payer
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 14.4;

Person
shall mean any natural person, limited or unlimited liability company, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, proprietorship,
trust, union, association, court, tribunal, agency, government, ministry, department, commission, self-regulatory organization, arbitrator,
board, or other entity, enterprise, authority, or business organization;

Purchase
Price shall mean the total purchase consideration for the Sale Shares to be paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor amounting
Ringgit Malaysia Five Thousand and One Hundred (RM5,100.00) only;

Purchaser
Warranties shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 8.3;

RM
means Ringgit Malaysia, being the lawful currency of Malaysia;

Required
Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 14.4;

Shares
shall mean and refer to the fully paid up ordinary shares of the Company;

Sale
Shares shall mean Five Thousand and One Hundred (5,100) Shares;

Shareholders
Agreement shall mean the shareholders agreement to be entered into within 30 days from the Completion Date between
the Vendor, Purchaser and Astute;

Subsidiary
shall have the meaning given to such term in the Companies Act;

Tax
and Taxation shall mean all forms of taxes and taxation in Malaysia or other countries where the business of
the Company is or was conducted or whenever and wherever imposed (including, without limitation, capital gains tax, income tax, profits
tax, stamp duty, goods and services tax, value added tax, purchase tax, custom and other import or export duties) and any duties and
levies and all penalties, charges, costs and interest relating to any of the foregoing;

Third
Party shall mean any Person that is not a signatory to this Agreement;

Vendor
Warranties shall mean the warranties as set out in SCHEDULE 1; and

Warranties
shall mean the Vendor Warranties and the Purchaser Warranties.

1.2 In
this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:

1.2.1 a
reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instrument
under it and consolidations, amendments, revisions or replacements of any of them;

3

1.2.2 a
reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any variation or replacement of
either of them;

1.2.3 the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

1.2.4 the
masculine gender includes the feminine and neuter gender and vice versa;

1.2.5 any
reference to a day, week, month or year
is to that day, week, month or year in accordance with the Gregorian calendar;

1.2.6 any
references to a company shall include a body corporate;

1.2.7 any
reference to a document in the agreed form is to the form of the relevant document
agreed between the Parties and for the purpose of identification initialled by each of them
or on their behalf (in each case with such amendments as may be agreed by or on behalf of
the Parties);

1.2.8 the
recitals and schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have the same force and effect
as if expressly set out in the body of this Agreement, and any reference to this Agreement
shall include any recitals and schedules to it. Any references to sections and schedules
are to sections of and schedules to this Agreement. Any references to parts or paragraphs
are, unless otherwise stated, references to parts or paragraphs of the schedule in which
the reference appears;

1.2.9 except
where the context requires otherwise, references to Clauses and Schedules are to clauses
and schedules of this Agreement.;

1.2.10 each
of the warranties provided in this Agreement are independent of each other and, unless the
contrary is expressly stated, no Clause in this Agreement limits the extent or application
of another Clause;

1.2.11 any
agreement, covenant, representation or warranty on part of or in favour of two or more persons
shall be binding on or enforceable by such person jointly and severally;

1.2.12 the
headings to and in the clauses, sections, appendix and schedules in this Agreement are for
the purposes of reference only, and shall be ignored when construing the meaning of any provision
of this Agreement.

1.2.13 the
words include, including and in particular shall
be construed as being by way of illustration or emphasis only and shall not be construed
as, nor shall they take effect as, limiting the generality of any preceding words;

1.2.14 references
to a person (or to a word importing a person) shall be construed so as to include:

(i) that
persons successors in title and assigns or transferees permitted in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement; and

(ii) references
to a persons representatives shall be to its officers, employees, legal or other professional
advisers, sub-contractors, agents, attorneys and other duly authorised representatives;

1.2.15 where
a word or phrase indicates an exception to any of the provisions of this Agreement, and a
wider construction is possible, such word or phrase is not to be construed ejusdem generis
with any foregoing words or phrases and where a word or phrase serves only to illustrate
or emphasise any of the provisions of this Agreement such word or phrase is not to be construed,
or to take effect, as limiting the generality of such provision;

1.2.16 words
denoting an obligation on a party to do an act, matter or thing include an obligation to
procure that it be done and words placing a party under a restriction include an obligation
not to permit or allow infringement of the restriction;

4

1.2.17 any
reference to pay, or cognate expressions, includes payments made in cash or
by way of bank drafts (drawn on a bank licensed to carry on banking business under the provisions
of the Financial Services Act 2013) or effected through inter-bank transfers to the account
of the payee, giving the payee access to immediate available, freely transferable, cleared
funds and the word Ringgit Malaysia and the abbreviation RM mean
the lawful currency of Malaysia;

1.2.18 in
determination of any period of days for the occurrence of an event or the performance of
any act or thing shall be deemed to be exclusive of the day on which the event happens or
the act or thing is done and if the last day of the period is not a Business Day, then the
period shall include the next following Business Day;

1.2.19 the
expression month is a reference to a period starting on one day in a calendar
month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month save that,
where any such period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall
end on the next Business Day provided that if a period starts on the last Business Day in
a calendar month or if there is no numerically corresponding day in that month in which that
period ends, that period shall end on the last Business Day in that latter month (and references
to months shall be construed accordingly); and

1.2.20 no
rule of construction applies to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party or its solicitors
prepared this Agreement or any part of it.

2 SALE
AND PURCHASE OF SALE SHARES

Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Vendor hereby agrees to sell and the Purchaser agrees to purchase the Sale Shares,
free and clear of all Encumbrances and together with all rights, title and interests now and hereafter attaching thereto, upon receipt
of payment of the Purchase Price, in accordance with the provisions of Clause 4.

3 CONSIDERATION

On
the Completion Date, the Purchase Price with respect to the Sale Shares shall be paid by way of wire transfer to the bank account of
the Vendor as may be notified in writing by the Vendor.

4 COMPLETION

4.1 On
the Completion Date:

4.1.1 the
Purchaser shall deliver to the Vendor payment of the Purchase Price, for the purchase of
the Sale Shares in accordance with Clause 3 and make available evidence of payment to the
Vendor; and

4.1.2 the
Vendor shall upon the due fulfilment of the Purchasers obligations under Clause 4.1.1:

(i) deliver
the certificate(s) for the Sale Shares indicating that the Purchaser is the duly registered
owner of the Sale Shares; and

(ii) deliver
the duly signed and dated transfer forms for the transfer of the Sale Shares in favour of
the Purchaser;

(iii) a
certified true copy of the Vendors board of directors resolution approving
the entry into this Agreement and the sale of the Sale Shares in favour of the Purchaser;

(iv) a
certified true copy of the Companys board of directors resolution approving
the transfer and registration of the Sale Shares in favour of the Purchaser;

(all of the
above provided for under Clause 4.1 are collectively referred to as theCompletion).

5

4.2 The
Parties agree that each of the above provided for in Clause 4.1 hereinabove shall take place
on the Completion Date and if any of the above does not take place simultaneously, then each
of the above and the Completion shall be deemed not to have occurred. In such an event, if
the Purchase Price shall have been paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor, the Vendor shall
forthwith refund the same to the Purchaser.

5 CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT

5.1 The
Completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares as contemplated in this Agreement
is conditional upon the satisfaction (or waiver, where applicable) of the following Conditions
Precedent:

(i) the
completion of a due diligence exercise by the Purchaser over the Company on outstanding matters
communicated to the Vendor as of the date of this Agreement, including but not limited to
properties, financial, legal, tax and operational matters, as well as the members of the
management team and other relevant representatives and the results of such due diligence
exercise being satisfactory to the Purchaser, at its reasonable discretion;

(ii) the
shareholders approval in a general meeting of the Company for the sale and purchase
of the Sale Shares as contemplated herein;

(iii) all
the Vendors Warranties remaining true, correct and complete in all material respects
when made, and shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the Completion
Date with the same force and effect as if they had been made on and as of such date, subject
to changes contemplated by this Agreement;

(iv) no
adverse material changes shall have occurred in respect of the Company;

(v) any
other reasonable conditions to be required by the Purchaser to be fulfilled based on due
diligence results

(collectively,Conditions
Precedent).

5.2 The
Conditions Precedent may be waived or deferred in whole or in part mutually by the Parties
in writing, with or without terms or conditions.

5.3 Upon
the satisfaction of all the Conditions Precedent or waived, this Agreement shall be unconditional.

5.4 If
any of the Conditions Precedent are not fulfilled or waived before the Long Stop Date, then
for so long as any condition remains unsatisfied, any of the Party shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement and the Parties will no longer be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
Neither Party will be entitled to any claim against the other under or in respect of this
Agreement.

6 PRE-COMPLETION
OBLIGATIONS

6.1 The
Vendor shall undertake and procure that from the Cut-Off Date until Completion, the Company
will conduct its business and operate its assets in the ordinary course of business, and
that, in the absence of the prior written approval of the Purchaser and without prejudice
to the generality of this Clause 6.1, the Company shall not take any of the following actions:

(i) entering
into, varying, or terminating any material contract which results in a Material Adverse Change
or that can reasonably be foreseen, or is reasonably likely to result in, any Material Adverse
Change;

6

(ii) granting
any loan, advance, guarantee, surety, indemnity or similar undertaking to any person;

(iii) creating
or permitting to arise any Encumbrances or other third-party rights on or in respect of any
of its property or assets;

(iv) making
any material change in the nature, scope or organisation of its business or disposing of
the whole of its property or a substantial part thereof which results in a Material Adverse
Change or that can reasonably be foreseen, or is reasonably likely to result in, any Material
Adverse Change;

(v) changing
its auditor;

(vi) varying,
changing or amending any existing accounting policies, principles and procedures, methods
and bases adopted for the purpose of preparing its respective accounts and financial statements;

(vii) granting
any credit or any extension of time to any of its debtors for payment of amounts that are
due or forgiving any debts;

(viii) acquiring
or forming any Subsidiary;

(ix) entering
into any contract or arrangement with any director or shareholder of the Company or any person
connected with such person that is not on arms length terms;

(x) altering
any of its constitutional documents (other than as required by applicable law or through
the immaterial administrative or editorial amendments);

(xi) creating
or issuing any share or loan capital or agreeing to give any option in respect of any share
or loan capital;

(xii) undertaking
any reconstruction, merger, consolidation or amalgamation exercise or issuing any share,
security, warrant or otherwise which is convertible into shares or approving any transfer
of its shares or creating any option, warrant or right of whatever nature over any registered
capital or interest in or varying any rights attaching to any shares of the Company;

(xiii) allowing
any transfer of the registered ownership of the shares in the Company;

(xiv) entering
into, or exercising an option in relation to, any agreement or incurring, any commitment
other than in the ordinary course of business;

(xv) acquiring
or disposing of, or agreeing to acquire or dispose of, any asset, or entering into or incurring
any commitment to do so other than in the ordinary course of business;

(xvi) taking
any steps to commence any winding up or liquidation (or similar process) of any Company;

(xvii) declaring,
paying or making a dividend or distribution;

(xviii) incurring
any additional borrowings or incurring any other financial indebtedness otherwise that in
the ordinary course of business;

(xix) guaranteeing,
indemnifying or otherwise agreeing to secure, or incur financial or other obligations with
respect to, another persons obligation;

7

(xx) establishing
and/or paying any bonus, commission, profit sharing, share option or other incentive scheme
for any director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company, or paying any
benefits under an existing scheme;

(xxi) changing
the Companys tax status (other than as required in accordance with applicable Law);
or

(xxii) agreeing,
conditionally or otherwise, to do any of the foregoing,
(each aLeakage).

6.2 In
the event of any breach of Clause 6.1 by the Vendor, the Vendor shall on demand by the Purchaser
pay the Purchaser or procure payment to the Purchaser an amount, as an adjustment to the
Purchase Price, equal (on a RM for RM basis) to the sum of cash or cash equivalent value
(as of the date thereof) of the: (a) Leakage; (b) plus any documented professional advisers
fees and other out of pocket expenses properly incurred in recovery of the Leakage; (c) plus
any Taxation incurred by the Purchaser, any Purchasers undertaking on the Leakage
(items (a), (b) and (c) together being the Gross Leakage); plus interest
at eight per cent (8%) per annum on the Gross Leakage from the date on which the Leakage
occurs to the date on which it is repaid by the Vendor. A claim under this Clause 6.2 shall
be the sole remedy available to the Purchaser arising (directly or indirectly) from a breach
of Clause 6.1.

7 CONDITION
SUBSEQUENT

Within
30 days from the Completion Date, the Vendor, Purchaser, and Astute shall enter into and execute a Shareholders Agreement to set
out the agreed anti-dilution provisions, specifying the treatment of an amount up to the Investment and the existing shareholders
loan in the Company.

8 REPRESENTATIONS
& WARRANTIES

8.1 The
Vendor warrants to the Purchaser and its successors in title that as at the date of this
Agreement and as at the Completion Date, all the Vendor Warranties are all true, accurate
and not misleading in any material respect. The Vendor acknowledges that the Purchaser is
entering into this Agreement in reliance of the Vendor Warranties and undertakings of the
Vendor contained in this Agreement.

8.2 Each
Vendor Warranty shall be separate and independent and shall not be limited by reference to
any other Vendor Warranties or by anything in this Agreement.

8.3 The
Purchaser hereby warrants, covenants and undertakes with the Vendor that the Purchaser is
not insolvent and it has the legal capacity to enter into and perform this Agreement and
this Agreement constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser in accordance with
the terms herein stated (Purchaser Warranties).

8.4 The
Vendor Warranties and the Purchaser Warranties shall be deemed repeated by each of the Vendor
and the Purchaser immediately prior to each Completion.

9 TERMINATION
OF FUNDING OBLIGATION

In
the event that FNBM terminates the LOA, the Purchaser shall have the sole discretion to:

(i) cease
providing any further funding or loan to the Company; and

(ii) withhold
any remaining amount of the shareholder loan that has not yet been disbursed to the Company.

8

10 BREACH
BY THE COMPANY

10.1 If
at any time prior to Completion, the Vendor is in material breach of any of its obligations,
covenants, undertakings and representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, and
such breach is not rectified within thirty (30) Business Days (if such breach is rectifiable)
or immediately (if such breach is not rectifiable) upon the Vendors receipt of a written
notice from the Purchaser of such breach, the Purchaser shall be entitled to terminate this
Agreement by serving a notice in writing to such effect on the Vendor.

10.2 Pursuant
to a written termination notice being duly given under Clause 10.1:

(i) the
Purchaser shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice, return
all documents, if any, delivered to the Purchaser by the Vendor, to the Vendor;

(ii) the
Vendor shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice, return
all documents, if any, delivered to the Vendor by the Purchaser, to the Purchaser; and

(iii) the
Vendor shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice, return
any part of the Purchase Price, free of interest, received by the Vendor to the Purchaser
in exchange for the return all documents delivered to the Purchaser by the Vendor, to the
Vendor with the interest of the Vendor therein intact and thereafter neither Party shall
have any claim against each other save for any antecedent breach of this Agreement, failing
which shall attract a late payment interest at the rate of eight per cent (8%) per annum
as well before or after any judgment or demand on the accumulated unpaid amount commencing
from the day after the due date until the date of payment of the same.

11 NO
DEFAULT TERMINATION

11.1 Notwithstanding
any terms in this Agreement, in the event non-satisfaction or non-fulfilment of the Conditions
Precedent not due to the breach or default of the Purchaser or the Vendor, the Parties shall
be entitled to terminate this Agreement by mutual consent.

11.2 Pursuant
to a written termination notice being duly given under the provisions of Clause 5.4 or 11.1:

(i) the
Purchaser shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice, return
all documents, if any, delivered to the Purchaser by the Vendor, to the Vendor;

(ii) the
Vendor shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice, return
all documents, if any, delivered to the Vendor by the Purchaser, to the Purchaser; and

(iii) the
Vendor shall, within seven (7) Business Days from the written termination notice return any
part of the Purchase Price, free of interest, received by the Vendor to the Purchaser in
exchange for the return all documents delivered to the Purchaser by the Vendor, to the Vendor
with the interest of the Vendor therein intact and thereafter neither Party shall have any
claim against each other save for any antecedent breach of this Agreement, failing which
shall attract a late payment interest at the rate of eight per cent (8%) per annum as well
before or after any judgment or demand on the accumulated unpaid amount commencing from the
day after the due date until the date of payment of the same.

9

12 RESTRICTIONS
ON ANNOUNCEMENTS, CONFIDENTIALITY

12.1 Each
of the Parties undertakes it will not make any announcement in connection with this Agreement
unless the other Party shall have given its consent to such announcement and the contents
thereof (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and may be given either
generally or in a specific case or cases and may be subject to conditions).

12.2 Each
of the Parties undertakes to the other Party that it will not, and will procure that its
respective officers, employees, agents, Subsidiaries and other Persons which it controls
and the respective officers, employees and agents of each such Person will not, during the
period of this Agreement and after its termination (for whatever reason) use or divulge to
any Person, or publish or disclose or permit to be published or disclosed, any information
relating to any of the other Party which it has received or obtained, or may receive or obtain
(whether or not, in the case of documents, they are marked as confidential).

12.3 The
obligations provided for in Clauses 12.1 and 12.2 shall not apply to:

(i) the
disclosure of information which the recipient can reasonably demonstrate is in the public
domain through no fault of its own;

(ii) the
disclosure of information to the extent so required by Law or rules of any stock exchange
on which such Parties shares or securities are listed or to which such Party is otherwise
subject, pursuant to a court order or governmental or other regulatory body when the Party
concerned shall, if practicable, supply an advance copy of the required disclosure to the
other Parties and incorporate any additions or amendments reasonably requested by them;

(iii) the
disclosure of information in confidence to any professional adviser to any of the Parties
for the purposes of obtaining advice or assistance in connection with its obligations or
rights, or the obligations or rights of any of the other Parties hereunder;

(iv) the
disclosure of information in confidence to or by any adviser to any of the Parties for the
purposes of giving or obtaining advice or acting on behalf of the relevant Party in connection
with a matter where disclosure of information is permitted pursuant to the provisions hereof;
or

(v) the
disclosure of information to any underwriter, lender or provider of finance (or prospective
underwriter, lender or provider of finance) in connection with any financing or issue of
securities or debt by such Party (including for the avoidance of doubt, any professional
advisors, including legal counsel of such persons), provided the recipient is subject to
similar confidentiality obligations.

12.4 For
the purposes of this Clause 12, information includes, without limitation, the
following:

(i) information
concerning the business, affairs or property of any of the Parties or any business, property
or transaction in which any of the Parties may be or may have been concerned or interested;

(ii) the
names and addresses of any client of any of the Parties;

(iii) information
on the terms of this Agreement; or

(iv) information
relating to the business methods of any of the Parties.

13 MISCELLANEOUS

13.1 Reasonable
Commercial Efforts

Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or desirable under applicable Law to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein. Each Party agrees to execute and deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings and to take such other
lawful actions as may be necessary or desirable in order to consummate or implement expeditiously such transactions.

10

13.2 Force
Majeure

Notwithstanding
any provision herein to the contrary, no Party shall be liable to any other Parties for loss, injury, delay or damages or other casualty
suffered or incurred by any such Party due to non-performance by such Party as a result of any labour disputes, shortage of materials,
strikes, riots, fires, acts of God, epidemic, pandemic, government actions or any other cause which is beyond the reasonable control
of the Party the performance of whose obligations hereunder are affected by such cause.

13.3 Costs
and Expenses

Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each of the Parties shall pay its own costs and expenses in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Purchaser shall pay the stamp duty for this Agreement.

13.4 Binding
Effect

This
Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties. The Parties recognize that damages in alternative to or in lieu
of specific performance will not be an adequate remedy and the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance of this Agreement.

13.5 Severability

If
any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any situation or circumstance shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, under any enactment or applicable Law, such provision or part shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of
this Agreement, and the legality and enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected, and each remaining provision
shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent. In the event of such partial invalidity, the Parties agree in good faith to replace
any such legally invalid or unenforceable provision with valid and enforceable provisions that, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly
and fairly approach the effect of the invalid or unenforceable provision.

13.6 Notices

13.6.1 Any
notice, request, demand or other formal communication required or permitted to be given under
this Agreement shall be written in English and signed by or on behalf of the Party giving
it. It shall be:

(i) delivered
by hand or sent by registered post to the relevant address in Clause 13.6.3; or

(ii) emailed
to the email address set out in Clause 13.6.3.

13.6.2 In
each case it shall be marked for the attention of the relevant Party set out in Clause 13.6.3
(or as otherwise notified in writing from time to time under this Agreement). Any notice
given by hand delivery or registered post shall, unless the contrary is proved by the addressee,
be deemed to have been duly given:

(i) if
hand delivered, when delivered;

(ii) if
sent by registered post, three (3) Business Days after posting;

(iii) if
sent by email, on receipt of a successful transmission report,

provided
that, where (in the case of delivery by hand or by email) the delivery or transmission occurs after 5.00 pm on a Business Day or on a
day which is not a Business Day, service shall be deemed to occur at 9.00 am on the following Business Day.

11

13.6.3 The
addresses and e-mail addresses of the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement are as follows:

(i) In
case of notices to the Purchaser, to:

Address : B03-C-13A, Menara 3A, 3,
Jalan Bangsar, KL Eco City, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Attention : Mr. Carlson Thaw

Email Address : carlson.thow@treasuregroup.co

(ii) In
case of notices to the Company, to:

Address : 62-2, Jalan 2A/27A. Section 1, Wangsa Maju,
Kuala Lumpur, W.P. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Attention : Sew Wen Chean

Email Address : joshua.sew@tmgrocer.com

13.7 Waiver

No
exercise or failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege vested in any Party shall operate as a waiver thereof
or of any other right, power or privilege, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Any waiver by either Party of a breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereof. The rights
and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or, concurrently and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies
provided by Law.

13.8 Entire
Contract

This
Agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the Parties in respect of the subscription of the Shares and supersedes any previous
written or oral agreements, understandings, negotiations discussions and commitments between the Parties prior to the date hereof in
relation to the matters dealt with in this Agreement.

13.9 Assignment

Save
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Party may assign and transfer any of its rights under this Agreement in whole or in part
without the written consent of the other Parties.

13.10 Further
Assurances

The
Parties shall, with reasonable diligence, do all such things and provide all such reasonable assurances as may be required to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the manner contemplated herein, and each Party shall provide such further documents
or instruments required by any other Party as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to effect the purpose of this Agreement and carry
out its provisions, whether before or after the Completion.

13.11 Modification

No
modification, representation, promise or agreement in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement shall be valid unless made
in writing and signed by the Parties.

12

13.12 Time
of Essence

Time
shall be of the essence in this Agreement.

13.13 Counterparts

This
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts and by the Parties on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall
be an original, but all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. Each counterpart may be signed by a Party or
Parties and transmitted by facsimile or electronic transmission which shall be valid and effectual as if executed as an original.

13.14 Successors
Bound

The
provisions of this Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding on the Parties and their respective successors (including,
without limitation, any successor by reason of amalgamation, scheme of arrangement, merger, de-merger or acquisition of any Party) and
legal representatives.

14 GOVERNING
LAW AND ARBITRATION

14.1 This
Agreement and all questions of its interpretation shall be construed in accordance with the
laws of Malaysia.

14.2 Any
dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding
its existence, validity or termination, shall be submitted to the AIAC in accordance with
the Arbitration Rules.

14.3 Unless
otherwise agreed, the arbitration tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator appointed
by the director of the AIAC in accordance with the Arbitration Rules. In the event the appointed
arbitrator withdraws or is unable to act or continue as arbitrator for whatever reasons prior
to the commencement of formal arbitration proceedings, the process abovementioned shall be
repeated for the appointment of a replacement arbitrator.

14.4 Except
as provided otherwise in this Clause 14.4 or where the Arbitration Rules specifically provides
otherwise, the Parties shall pay in equal shares any amounts required by the AIAC pursuant
to the Arbitration Rules (Required Payments) within the time required
by the Arbitration Rules. In the event that any of the Parties (Non-Paying Party)
fails to pay its portion of the Required Payments within the time required by the Arbitration
Rules, the other Party (Payer) may, at its discretion, make the required
payment to the AIAC. Such amount paid by the Payer to the AIAC shall be immediately due and
payable by the Non-Paying Party to the Payer upon written demand by the Payer to the Non-Paying
Party supported by evidence of such payment.

14.5 The
venue and seat of arbitration shall be Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The language of arbitration
shall be English and the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules.

14.6 The
arbitration award rendered shall be in writing and shall set out the reasons for the arbitrators
decision. The award shall apportion the costs of the arbitration as the arbitrator deems
fair.

14.7 The
Parties agree that no Party shall have any right to commence or maintain any suit or legal
proceedings in court save for any action to obtain urgent interlocutory relief and any action
to enforce the arbitration award.

[the
remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]

13

SCHEDULE
1

VENDOR
WARRANTIES

The
Vendors hereby represent and warrant to the Purchaser as follows: -

Information

1. The
Vendor is fully empowered to enter into and perform this Agreement and this Agreement constitutes
valid and binding obligations of the Vendors in accordance with its terms herein stated.
The performance of the Vendors obligations under this Agreement do not and will not
violate (i) any law to which it is a party or to which it is subject or (ii) any agreement,
instrument or document to which it is a party or which is binding on it or on its assets
or undertaking.

2. The
consummation of the transaction will not have any adverse financial or operational effect
on the Company.

3. On
the date of the transfer of the Sale Shares, the Vendor shall have the full legal and beneficial
ownership of the Sale Shares and is entitled to sell and transfer the same free from all
and any Encumbrances together with all rights and benefits attaching thereto as at the date
of the transfer of the Sale Shares and no person has or shall have any rights of pre-emption
over the Sale Shares.

4. The
Vendors are not the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency order or petition and is not a
party to a voluntary arrangement or any other composition or arrangement with their creditors
in satisfaction of debts at the date of this Agreement.

Existence
and Ability

5. The
Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of Malaysia.

6. The
Company has all corporate powers to own its property and to carry on its business as now
conducted.

Power
and Authority

7. The
Company has the full legal right, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company. The Company
has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the terms and provisions of
this Agreement and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution and
delivery by it of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

No
Violation

8. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the compliance by
it with the terms and provisions hereof do not and will not:

(i) contravene
any provision of any law, statute, rule or regulation or any order, writ, injunction or decree
of any court or governmental instrumentality to which it is subject;

(ii) conflict
with or be inconsistent with or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions
or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition
of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Encumbrances upon any of its property or assets
pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, credit agreement, loan agreement
or any other agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any
of its property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject; or

14

(iii) violate
any provision of its memorandum and articles of association or any other similar constitutional
documents.

Valid
and Binding Obligation of the Company

9. This
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforcement may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting creditors rights
or the application of equitable principles.

Shares

10. The
Sale Shares comprise the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Company and are fully
paid.

11. Other
than as contemplated by this Agreement, the Company has not, as at the date of this Agreement,
issued or agreed to issue any shares in the Company or given or agreed to give any option
in respect of any shares in the Company nor issued or agreed to issue or give any option
in respect of any debentures or other securities.

12. The
Company has not agreed to repay, redeem or repurchase its shares or reduce its share capital
or capitalize any reserves or profits (each, a Capital Alteration) and
does not have any outstanding or contingent liabilities in respect of past Capital Alterations.

Effect
of the Sale

13. After
the date of this Agreement (whether by reason of an existing agreement or arrangement or
otherwise) or as a result of this Agreement:

(i) any
customer of the Company will cease or be entitled to cease to deal with it or may substantially
reduce its existing level of business with it;

(ii) the
Company will lose the benefit of any right or privilege which it enjoys;

(iii) any
officer or senior employee of the Company is likely to leave the employment of the Company.

14. Compliance
with the terms of this Agreement does not and will not:

(i) relieve
any person from any obligation to the Company (whether contractual or otherwise), or enable
any person to determine any such obligation or any right or benefit enjoyed by the Company,
or to exercise any right, whether under an agreement with or otherwise in respect of the
Company;

(ii) result
in the creation, imposition, crystallisation, or enforcement of any encumbrance on any of
the assets of the Company;

(iii) result
in any present or future indebtedness of the Company becoming due and payable or capable
of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity.

Latest
Financial Statements and Management Accounts

15. The
unaudited management accounts of the Company for the period ended 31 December 2024 (Accounts
Date) (i) comply with the requirements of applicable law and the generally applicable
accounting standards in Malaysia in all material respects; and (ii) give a true and fair
view of the assets and liabilities (actual or contingent) of the Company and its profit or
loss for the relevant financial period ended on that date in all material respects, and have
not been affected by any unusual, extraordinary, exceptional or non-recurring items other
than those identified as such or by any other factor that would make the financial position
and results shown by the Accounts unusual or misleading in any material respect.

15

16. The
unaudited management accounts of the Company for the period ended 31 December 2024 were properly
prepared in accordance with accounting bases, policies, practices and procedures consistent
with those used in preparing the audited accounts in accordance with Malaysian accounting
standards.

17. The
Company has sufficient working capital for the purposes of continuing to carry on its business
in its present form and in accordance with the business plan of the Company as adopted or
amended from time to time, and for the purposes of executing, carrying out and fulfilling
in accordance with their terms all orders, projects and contractual obligations which have
been placed with or undertaken by it.

18. The
Company has no commitment on capital outstanding at the date of this Agreement.

19. Save
as disclosed, on and from the Accounts Date:

(i) there
has been no entry or variation of any terms of any related party transaction by the Company;

(ii) there
has been no payment made or agreed to be made by the Company to anyone whomsoever otherwise
than in the ordinary and usual course of trading;

(iii) there
has been no incurring of any indebtedness or other liability other than trade credit in the
ordinary and usual course of trading by the Company;

(iv) there
has been no Material Adverse Change in the Companys financial position or prospects
or turnover and no event, fact or matter has occurred or is likely to occur which will or
is likely to give rise to any such change;

(v) the
Companys operations have been carried on in the ordinary and usual course, without
any interruption or alteration in any material respect in its nature, scope or manner, and
so as to maintain the same as a going concern;

(vi) no
agreement (whether in respect of capital expenditure or otherwise) has been entered into
by the Company which involved or could involve an obligation of a material nature or magnitude;

(vii) the
Company has not acquired or disposed of, or agreed to acquire or dispose of, any business
or any asset;

(viii) there
has been no material change in the level of indebtedness or in the working capital requirements
of the Company;

(ix) there
has been no reduction in the cash balances or debtors of the Company which has resulted in
a Material Adverse Change or that can reasonably be foreseen, or is reasonably likely to
result in, any Material Adverse Change;

(x) the
Company is not aware of any matter which might suggest that any material assets or liabilities
(actual or contingent) have been omitted from or mis-stated in the Accounts;

(xi) save
as required by applicable laws, no change has been made in the emoluments or other terms
of employment of directors or any of the key management employees of the Company;

(xii) the
Company has not entered into any contract or incurred any commitment which is not capable
of being terminated without compensation at any time with six (6) months notice or
less or which is not in the ordinary and usual course of business;

16

(xiii) the
Company has paid its creditors within the times agreed with them, and without limiting the
foregoing, no debt owing by the Company has been outstanding for more than 90 days from the
date of invoice;

(xiv) the
Company has not waived or released any proprietary rights howsoever arising;

(xv) the
Company has not incurred any liability for tax other than in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with past practice; and

(xvi) the
Company has not declared, paid or made a dividend or distribution.

Borrowing
or Indebtedness

20. The
Company does not have outstanding any borrowing or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing,
other than any financial indebtedness which are provided for or disclosed in the latest financial
statements.

21. The
Company has not received any notice to repay under any agreement relating to any borrowing
or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing which is repayable on demand.

22. There
has not occurred any event of default or any other event or circumstance which would entitle
any person to call for early repayment under any agreement relating to any borrowing or indebtedness
of the Company or to enforce any security given by the Company (or, in either case, any event
or circumstance which with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of time and/or a relevant
determination would constitute such an event or circumstance).

23. The
Company does not have any financing, borrowing, liability (whether contingent, actual, or
future), or indebtedness which would not be required to be shown or reflected in the latest
financial statements.

Insolvency

24. No
meeting has been convened or resolution proposed, or petition presented, and no order has
been made, for the winding-up of the Company or for the appointment of any provisional liquidator,
and no petition has been presented for the appointment of a judicial manager, administrator,
receiver, custodian or similar official, and no such official has been so appointed, in respect
of the whole or any part of any of the property, assets and/or undertaking of the Company.

25. No
distress, distraint, charging order, garnishee order, execution, or other process has been
levied or applied for in respect of the whole or any part of any of the property, assets,
and/or undertaking of the Company.

26. No
composition in satisfaction of the debts of the Company, or scheme of arrangement of its
affairs, or compromise or arrangement between it and its creditors and/or members
or any class of its creditors or members, has been proposed, sanctioned, or approved.

27. The
Company has not been party to any transaction with any third party which, in the event of
any such third party becoming insolvent, going into liquidation or judicial management or
a bankruptcy order being made in relation to it, is likely to constitute (in whole
or in part) a transaction at an undervalue, a preference, an invalid floating charge or an
extortionate credit transaction, or which could be set aside under the applicable insolvency
laws.

28. The
Company is able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

17

Compliance
with Laws

29. In
carrying on its business and operations, the Company has complied with all applicable laws
and regulations of the relevant governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the Company
and its business. All licences, consents, permits, certificates, authorisations (including
waivers), approvals and registrations required by the Company for the conduct of their businesses
are valid and subsisting and in full force and effect.

30. The
Company has obtained all licences, approvals, permissions, authorisations and consents (Licences)
required for carrying on its business effectively in the places and in the manner in
which such business is now carried on.

31. Each
of the Licences necessary for the Company to carry on its business in the places and in the
manner in which it is carried on at the date of this Agreement is valid and subsisting, and
there is no breach of the terms or conditions of any of the licences by the Company which
may have a material adverse effect upon the assets or business of the Company.

32. There
is no fact or matter that might materially prejudice the application, registration, continuance,
or renewal of any of the Licence necessary for carrying on the Business by the Company.

Real
Property

33. Save
as disclosed, the Company does not own, lease, rent, occupy any real property, as at the
date of this Agreement.

34. Lease
agreements entered by the Company (Lease Agreements) are valid and subsisting,
and no notice of termination in respect thereof has been received or served by the Company.

35. The
Business conducted in the premises shall be within the permitted use under the Lease Agreements
and will not result in any breach of the Lease Agreements which might entitle the landlord
to terminate the Lease Agreements.

36. Where
the Company holds any real property under a lease:

(i) all
rent and fees due and payable under the lease agreement have been duly paid;

(ii) the
Company is not in material breach of any lease agreement which might entitle the landlord
to terminate such lease agreement;

(iii) there
is no material subsisting breach, nor any material non-observance of any covenant contained
in the lease agreement on the part of either the relevant landlord or the Company;

(iv) no
notice of termination in respect of any lease agreement entered into by the Company in respect
of a property has been received or served by the Company and no fact or circumstance exists
which might give rise to a ground for termination of any lease agreement under which the
property is held; and

(v) (if
so required under applicable laws) all lease agreements entered into by the Company in respect
of a relevant property have been filed or registered with the relevant governmental authority.

Litigation

37. The
Company is not engaged in any litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings or in proceedings
or hearings (including but not limited to an order or petition of winding-up, any arrangement,
composition or comprise with, or assignment for the benefit of, its creditors or any class
of them) before any court, statutory or governmental body, department, board or agency and
there are no such proceedings pending or threatened by or against the Company or any facts
likely to give rise to any such proceedings and the Company has not been a party to any undertaking
or assurance given to any court or governmental or regulatory agency which is still force.

18

38. There
is not and has not been any governmental or other investigation, inquiry or disciplinary
proceeding concerning the Company, none is threatened or pending and there is no event or
circumstance likely to give rise to any investigation, inquiry or proceeding.

39. The
Company has not violated or breached any judgment, order, award, or decision of any court,
commission, board, or other administrative, statutory, or governmental authority.

Encumbrances

40. The
Company is not a party to any credit facility which includes but not limited to loan agreements,
facility agreements, security documents, guarantees, indemnities, negative pledge undertakings,
sale and leaseback agreements and finance leases entered into between the Company, on the
one hand, and any person, on the other hand.

41. There
are no encumbrances on the whole or any part of the Companys assets, undertaking or
goodwill and no claim has been made by any person to be entitled to any such encumbrance.

42. The
Company has not given any guarantee, indemnity, comfort or support (whether legally binding
or not) in relation to the obligations of another person.

43. Save
as disclosed, no person (including any of the directors and/or officers of the Company) has
given any guarantee, indemnity, comfort or support (whether legally binding or not) or created
any encumbrance in relation to the Companys obligations.

44. The
Company is not in default in respect of any material obligation binding on the Company under
any agreement or contractual instrument (including borrowings and debts), and that all obligations
of the Company under any existing agreement or contractual instruments have been duly discharged
and performed, and there are no other debts or liabilities owing by the Company as at the
date hereof which have not been disclosed in its Accounts and except for trade debts incurred
by the Company in the ordinary course of its business.

45. There
is not outstanding any agreement or arrangement to which the Company is a party entered into
otherwise than by way of a bargain at arms length and on commercial terms.

46. No
event has occurred and no circumstances have arisen which would entitle a provider of finance
to the Company (other than on a normal overdraft facility) to call in the whole or any part
of the monies advanced or to enforce his security.

47. No
circumstances exist which have or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change on the business operations and affairs of the Company or the acts and things hereby
agreed to be done and performed.

Returns
and Filings

48. The
Company is and has at all times been resident only in the jurisdiction in which it was incorporated
or constituted for all taxation purposes. The Company does not have a permanent establishment
in any jurisdiction (for tax purposes) other than its country of incorporation.

49. All
taxes payable by the Company have been paid and/or discharged in full and/or moneys have
been set aside for the same.

19

50. The
Company has duly made all returns and given or delivered all notices, accounts and information
which on or before the date hereof ought to have been made, given or delivered for the purposes
of Taxation and all such returns, notices, accounts and information (and all other information
supplied to the relevant revenue or other fiscal authority concerned for any such purpose)
have at all times are correct and on a proper basis and are not the subject of any investigation,
dispute or claim for Taxation in respect of any financial period with or by the Inland Revenue
or other appropriate authorities.

51. Proper
provision or reserves for deferred Taxation in accordance with accounting principles, standards
and practices generally accepted in Malaysia at the date of this Agreement has been made
in each of the Companys Accounts.

52. There
is no further liability or contingent liability for taxation otherwise than as a result of
activities in the ordinary course of Business by the Company since the latest financial statements.

53. The
Company or any of its respective directors or officers has not paid, or become liable to
pay, any fine, penalty, or interest charged by virtue of any other statutory provision relating
to taxation.

54. The
Company has not been the subject of an investigation, discovery, or order by or involving
any taxation authority and there are no circumstances existing which make it likely that
an investigation, discovery, or order will be made.

55. All
information contained in this Agreement and the Schedules hereto and in all documents (including
any audited accounts and management accounts) delivered to the Purchaser including Data Room
Documentation are true, accurate and not misleading in all material respects.

56. No
corruption, unlawful or illegal activities or practices have been undertaken or committed
to secure the any contracts and in the performance of obligations under its contracts.

57. The
Company is the legal and beneficial owner of all its assets. Save for any securities created
in favour of the financial institutions for the facilities taken up by the Company, there
are no Encumbrances over or affecting such assets.

58. All
assets of the Company and all debts due to each entity which are included in the Accounts
or have otherwise been represented as being the property of or due to the Company were the
absolute property of the Company and (save for those subsequently disposed of or realised
in the ordinary course of trading) all such assets and all assets and debts which have subsequently
been acquired or arisen are now the absolute property of the Company.

59. All
computerised information systems (including computer hardware and software) presently required
for the purposes of, or used in the carrying on of the Business:

(i) are
in good working order and well maintained in accordance with any instruction of the manufacturer
or supplier;

(ii) are
beneficially owned by or lawfully licensed to the Company; and

(iii) incorporate
reasonable safeguards against any loss or corruption of information through system failure
or any unauthorised access by any person.

Power
of Attorney

60. The
Company has not given a power of attorney which is still outstanding or effective to any
person to enter into any contract or commitment or do anything on its behalf, other than
any authority to employees to enter into routine contracts or make routine filings in the
normal course of their duties.

20

Employees

61. Every
existing employee of the Company who requires an employment permit or other required approval
to work in Malaysia has a current employment pass or such other required permit and all necessary
permission to remain in Malaysia.

62. Save
as disclosed, there are no amounts owing to any present or former directors or employees
of the Company, and no directors or officers of the Company have given or been given notice
terminating their contracts of employment.

63. No
dispute under any employment legislation or otherwise is outstanding between the Company
and any of its current or former employees relating to their employment or termination of
their employment or any breach of the terms of employment. There are no circumstances which
might likely give rise to any claim by any of the current or former employees for any default
or breach of their employment.

64. No
present or former employee of the Company has any claim against the Company or right to be
indemnified by the Company arising out of an act or omission in the course of his office
or employment on or before the date of this Agreement.

65. The
Company has in relation to each of its employees (and so far as relevant to each of its former
employees) complied in all material respects with:

(i) all
obligations imposed on it by all applicable statutes and regulations relevant to the relations
between it and its employees and has maintained current adequate and suitable records regarding
the service of each of its employees; and

(ii) all
relevant orders, declarations and awards made under any relevant statute, regulation or code
of conduct and practice affecting the conditions of service of its employees.

66. The
employment of the Key Personnel of the Company has not been terminated or dismissed save
and except for any termination or dismissal for cause in accordance with the provisions of
the relevant employment agreement.

67. All
deductions and payments required to be made by the Company in respect of Employee Provident
Fund contributions (including employers contributions) in relation to the remuneration
of the employees (if applicable) to any relevant competent authority have been so made.

Intellectual
Property Rights

68. All
patents, trademarks, registered designs, design rights, applications for any of the foregoing,
copyrights, trade or business names, inventions, processes, know-how and other industrial
property rights (Intellectual Property Rights) purported to be used
or required by the Company are in full force and effect and are vested in and beneficially
owned by the Company free from Encumbrances.

69. None
of the Intellectual Property Rights owned or used by the Company is the subject of any claim,
opposition, attack, assertion, or other arrangement of whatever nature which does or may
impinge upon their use, validity, enforceability or ownership and there are no grounds or
other circumstances which may give rise to the same.

70. The
Company is not using any process which involves the exercise of rights owned by third parties
or gives rise to a liability to pay compensation or makes use of information confidential
to a third party except under valid licences from such third parties all of which are in
full force and effect.

21

71. The
Company is licensed to use all software and systems necessary to enable it to continue to
use for the foreseeable future in the same manner in which they have been used prior to the
date of this Agreement and does not share any user rights in respect of such software with
any other person.

72. All
the owned and/or licensed software and systems, used and/or accessed by the Company, are
in functional working order and operate and perform in all material respects the functions
reasonably required by the Company in connection with the conduct of their businesses as
currently conducted.

Contracts

73. None
of the contracts or purported contracts of the Company is void, voidable, or unenforceable
by it. The Company is not in breach of any of its contractual obligations and no other party
to any contract to which the Company is a party is in breach of that contract or is unlikely
to be able or willing to fulfil its contractual obligations.

74. No
event or omission has occurred or been permitted to arise which would entitle any third party
to terminate prematurely any contract to which the Company is a party or call in any money
or enforce any obligation before the date on which payment or performance would normally
be due.

75. The
Company has complete and accurate records of the terms of all contracts to which it is a
party or by which it is bound.

76. The
Company is not a party to or subject to any agreement or arrangement which:

(i) is
of an unusual or exceptional nature;

(ii) is
entered otherwise than in its ordinary and usual course of Business;

(iii) is
entered into otherwise than by way of a bargain at arms length;

(iv) may
be terminated as a result of change in its shareholdings;

(v) restricts
its freedom to carry on the whole or any part of its Business in any part of the world in
such manner as it thinks fit;

(vi) is
of an onerous nature;

(vii) is
or may be terminable or which contain provisions which may operate adversely against the
Company or may cause its termination as a result of the entering of this Agreement.

77. At
no time has the Company had a direct or indirect interest in any contract or arrangement
containing terms which profits or financial position of the Company during that period been
affected by any contract or arrangement with terms of that nature.

22

78. Save
as disclosed, the Company is not, nor has it agreed to become:

(i) a
member of any joint venture, consortium, partnership, or other unincorporated association
(other than a bona fide trade association); or

(ii) a
party to any agency, distributorship, management, franchise, or licensing agreement or arrangement.

Miscellaneous

79. All
board resolutions and shareholder resolutions passed by the board and the shareholders of
the Company (as the case may be) are valid and unchallenged by the directors and/or the shareholders.

80. The
Company maintains necessary internal controls, policies and procedures, and has appropriate
arrangements for the maintenance, support and disaster and security recovery of all software
and systems.

81. All
returns, particulars, resolutions and other documents which each of the Company is required
by applicable laws to file with or deliver to any authority in any jurisdiction (including
the Companies Commission of Malaysia) have been correctly made up and filed or, as the case
may be, delivered and all books, records, control, systems, data and information of the Company
are recorded, stored, maintained or operated or otherwise held by the Company and are not
wholly or partly dependent on any means which are not under the exclusive ownership and direct
control of the Company.

82. The
Company is not a party to any related party transaction or has any related party balances
or obligations.

(the
remainder of this page is intentionally left blank)

23

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement the day and year above written.

SIGNED by (director) 

/s/ SEW
WENKUAN 

And 

For and on behalf of 

AMYSTIC COMMERCE SDN. BHD. 

(Registration No. 202401012524 (1558374-P)) 

In the presence of 

/s/ JOSHUA
SEW 

Witness 

SIGNED by (director) 

/s/ Carlson
Thow 

And 

For and on behalf of 

VWXYZ VENTURE SDN. BHD. 

(Registration No. 202401026133(1571982-P)) 

In the presence of: 

/s/ Khoo
Zong Lin 

Witness 

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tgl-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tgl-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tgl-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41476

Entity Registrant Name TREASURE GLOBAL INC

Entity Central Index Key 0001905956

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4965082

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 276 5th Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 704 #739

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code +6012

Local Phone Number 643 7688

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol TGL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://treasureglobal.co/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231471-8k_treasure.htm 
tgl-20250211.xsd 
tgl-20250211_lab.xml 
tgl-20250211_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-014904-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0231471-8k_treasure_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001905956 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001905956 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
TREASURE GLOBAL INC 
DE 
001-41476 
36-4965082 
276 5th Avenue 
Suite 704 #739 
New York 
NY 
10001 
+6012 
643 7688 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
TGL 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>