<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-010351.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-010351.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314160118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-010351
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IR-Med, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				844516398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56492
		FILM NUMBER:		25739832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6467684285

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International Display Advertising, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183913300018391332025-03-112025-03-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT

TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 11, 2025

IR-MED,
INC.

Nevada 000-56492 84-4516398

(State or Other Jurisdiction (commission (IRS Employer

Of incorporation) File Number) Identification Number)

ZHR Industrial
ZoneRosh PinaIsrael 1231400

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

+
972-4-655-5054

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

IR-Med,
Inc. (the Company) entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement with Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited
liability company (Investor), pursuant to which the Investor agreed to invest up to Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000)
over a 24-month period (unless otherwise determined therein) in accordance with the terms and conditions of an Equity Purchase Agreement,
dated as of March 11, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor (the Equity Purchase Agreement). In connection
with the Equity Purchase Agreement, the parties also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) the Companys
common stock issuable under the Equity Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Investor agreed
to accept a put notice of up to $500,000 upon a registration statement being declared effective by the SEC.

During
the term of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to put to the Investor, and the Investor shall be obligated
to purchase, such number of shares of common stock of the Company (such shares, the Put Shares) at such price as determined
in accordance with the Equity Purchase Agreement. The per share purchase price for the Put Shares shall be equal to 90% of the market
price defined as the average of the two (2) lowest Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) for the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the relevant Clearing Date (defined therein), as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P. or other reputable source. Further, in
consideration of the Companys Put rights, and subject to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company
will issue to theInvestor 1,000,000
shares of the Companys common stock. Pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Investor may not acquire at any point, more
than 9.99% of the outstanding common stock of the Company.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Equity Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete, and are
subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Investment Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, which are
filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

10.1 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated March 11 2025, by and between IR-Med, Inc. and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 11, 2025, by and between IR-Med, Inc. and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

IR-Med, Inc.

By: /s/ Sharon
Lefkoviz

Name: Sharon Lefkoviz

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date:
March 14,2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EQUITY
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of March 11, 2025 (the Execution Date),
by and between IR-Med Inc, a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC, a Nevada
limited liability company (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company of Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000.00) of
the Companys Common Stock (as defined below);

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 RECITALS. The parties acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated
in and made a part of this Agreement.

Section
1.2 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Available
Amount means, initially, the Maximum Commitment Amount, which amount shall be reduced by the Investment Amount following each
successful Closing, each time the Investor purchases shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Put.

Average
Daily Trading Volume shall mean the average trading volume of the Companys Common Stock in the ten (10) Trading Days
immediately preceding the respective Put Date.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Claim
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing
Costs shall mean all of the Investors broker and Transfer Agent fees.

Clearing
Date shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put Shares as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account.

Closing
shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3.

Closing
Certificate shall mean the closing Officers Certificate of the Company in the form of Exhibit B
hereto

-1-

Closing
Date shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor
shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) March 11, 2027, or (iii) written
notice of termination by the Company to the Investor (which shall not occur at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares).

Commitment
Shares means 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock issued by the Company to the Investor pursuant to Section 6.5.

Common
Stock shall mean the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common
stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and
assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Confidential
Information means any information disclosed by either party to this Agreement, or their affiliates, agents or representatives,
to the other party to this Agreement, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible objects (including,
without limitation, documents, formulae, business information, trade secrets, technology, strategies. prototypes, samples, plant and
equipment), which may or may not be designated as Confidential, Proprietary or some similar designation.
Information communicated orally shall be considered Confidential Information if such information is confirmed in writing as being Confidential
Information within ten (10) Trading Days after the initial disclosure. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed
by third parties. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which (i) was publicly known and made generally
available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally
available after disclosure by the disclosing party to the receiving party through no fault, action or inaction of the receiving party;
(iii) is already in the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party as shown by the receiving
partys files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (iv) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party
without a breach of such third partys obligations of confidentiality; (v) is independently developed by the receiving party without
use of or reference to the disclosing partys Confidential Information, as shown by documents and other competent evidence in the
receiving partys possession; or (vi) is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party, provided that the receiving party
gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting
the information from public disclosure.

Current
Report shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

-2-

Dispute
Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a). Disqualification Event shall have the
meaning specified in Section 4.27.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program. DWAC shall mean Deposit
Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Commitment Shares
or Put Shares, as applicable, are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Put Shares or Commitment Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without
restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account
with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.14.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

Indemnity
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(b).

Intellectual
Property shall mean all trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service
names, patents, patent applications, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, government authorizations, trade secrets
or other intellectual property rights.

Investment
Amount shall mean the dollar value equal to the amount of Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice multiplied by the Purchase
Price minus the Clearing Costs.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.27.

-3-

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or any other restriction.

Market
Price shall mean the average of the two (2) lowest Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of the Common Stock on the Principal
Market for any Trading Day during the Valuation Period, as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P. or other reputable source.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and/or
the Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and/or the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation
that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with (excluding however, any effect resulting from general economic trends or conditions,
epidemics, wars other force majeure events applicable to the industry or country as a whole) the ability of the Company and/or the Subsidiaries
to enter into and/or perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Maximum
Commitment Amount shall mean Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000.00).

Maximum
Put Amount shall mean that the lesser of (i) such amount that equals seven hundred percent (700%) of the Average Daily Trading
Volume for the ten (10) days prior to the Closing Request Date, and (ii) One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00). The Investor agrees to
fund $500,000 pursuant to a Put Notice upon the Registration Statement being deemed effective by the SEC.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE AMEX, NASDAQ), or principal quotation systems (i.e. OTCQX,
OTCQB, OTC Pink, the OTC Bulletin Board), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal
trading platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase
Price shall mean 90% of the Market Price on such date on which the Purchase Price is calculated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

Put
shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

Put
Date shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section
2.2(b).

Put
Notice shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, addressed to the Investor and setting
forth the amount of Put Shares which the Company intends to require the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Put
Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put
Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Registration
Rights Agreement means that agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

-4-

Required
Minimum shall mean, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable
in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documentation.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC Documents shall have the meaning specified
in Section 4.5.

Securities
means, collectively, the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

Short
Sales shall mean all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly,
owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of
Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Third
Party Claim shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Trading
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent
of the Company.

Valuation
Period shall mean the period of five (5) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable
Put Notice during which the Purchase Price of the Common Stock is valued, provided, however, that the Valuation Period shall instead
begin on the Clearing Date if the respective Put Shares are received as DWAC Shares in Investors brokerage account prior to 11:00
a.m. EST on the respective Clearing Date.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section
2.1 PUTS. Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII),
the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Put Notice from
time to time during the Commitment Period, to purchase Put Shares, provided that notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, in
each instance, the Investment Amount is not more than the Maximum Put Amount and (ii) the aggregate Investment Amount of all Puts shall
not exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount.

-5-

Section
2.2 MECHANICS.

PUT
NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver
a Put Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 and otherwise provided herein. The
Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor within two (2) Trading Days following the
Put Date.

(a)DATE OF DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICE. A Put Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the Trading Day it is received by e-mail
by the Investor if such notice is received on or prior to 8:30 a.m. EST or (ii) the immediately succeeding Trading Day if it is
received by e-mail after 8:30 a.m. EST on a Trading Day or at any time on a day which is not a Trading Day. The Company shall not
deliver another Put Notice to the Investor within ten (10) Trading Days of a prior Put Notice.

Section
2.3 CLOSINGS.

(a)TIMING.
The Closing of a Put shall occur within three (3) Trading Days following the end of the respective Valuation Period, whereby the Investor
shall deliver the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company. In addition,
on or prior to such Closing, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to each other all documents, instruments and writings
required to be delivered or reasonably requested by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions
contemplated herein.

(b)RETURN
OF SURPLUS. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount,
then the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with such Put and the Purchase Price with respect
to such Put shall be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put Shares.

(c)RESALES
DURING VALUATION PERIOD. The parties acknowledge and agree that during the Valuation Period, the Investor may contract for, or otherwise
effect, the resale of the subject purchased Put Shares to third-parties.

-6-

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section
3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account, and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except with respect to the representations,
warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement, the Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements
or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

-7-

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. To the Investors knowledge, the Investor is not an officer, director or affiliate (as
such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its formation with full right, limited liability company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, or any of its organizational or charter
documents(b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which
the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default (or an event that without notice or lapse
of time or both would become material default) thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms
of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party,
or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement,
relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of
the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company; provided, however, that the Investor
makes no representation or warranty hereunder with respect to any SEC Document and is relying on the representations and warranties of
the Company in Article IV with respect to the SEC Documents.

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertisement regarding the Securities.

-8-

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules hereto that as of the Execution
Date and at each Closing Date:

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the state of Nevada, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as currently conducted. The subsidiary are listed in the disclosure schedule. Each of the Subsidiary is an entity duly incorporated or
otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with
the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each
of the Company and the Subsidiary is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Subject to 4.1 of the disclosure schedule, each of the Company and
the Subsidiary is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION. As of the Execution Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 600,000,000 shares of
Common Stock. As of February 24, 2025, there are 71,008,144 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. There are no other shares
of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company issued or outstanding. The Company has no capital stock reserved for
issuance. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option
plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and
pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any
similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule
4.3, or as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents and except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are
no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any
Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (ii), and. The issuance and
sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other
than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price under any of such securities; and (iii). There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar
agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company,
between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

-9-

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such
registration. The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the Execution Date, received notice from the OTCQB Market on which
the Common Stock is listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of such Principal Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in
compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.5, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required
by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable,
and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements,
to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject,
in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). There is no transaction, arrangement, or other
relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is not disclosed by the Company in its
financial statements or otherwise that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except with respect to the material
terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other
Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might
constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and under the Securities Act and other federal and state securities laws..

-10-

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the
Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the
issuance of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, conflict with, or
constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or
similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a
violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict
with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance
or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to
execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (other than any SEC,
FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in connection with the issuance of the Commitment
Shares or subsequent to any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of
the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and
agreements of Investor herein.

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any Subsidiary
that has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC filings.

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, or that has already been disclosed in quarterly
10Q or 10K filings there are no actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written
or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect or would require
disclosure under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or,
to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving
the Company, any Subsidiary, or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary or in the SEC Documents.

Section
4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10 or in the SEC Documents, no Person (other than the Investor)
has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

Section
4.11 INVESTORS STATUS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of
arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The
Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by the
Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the
Investor that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent
evaluation by the Company and its representatives and advisors.

-11-

Section
4.12 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION; NO INTEGRATED OFFERING. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective
affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within
the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. Neither the Company,
any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of
the offer and sale of any of the Securities under the Securities Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise,
or cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company in a manner that would require
stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Principal Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or
designated. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal
Market.

Section
4.13 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Company and each Subsidiary own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material
trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses,
approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted. None
of the Companys, nor any Subsidiarys material Intellectual Property has expired or terminated, or, by the terms and conditions
thereof, could expire or terminate within six months from the date of this Agreement. The Company does not have any knowledge of any
infringement by the Company and/or any Subsidiary of any material Intellectual Property of others, or of any such development of similar
or identical trade secrets or technical information by others, and there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against,
or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against, the Company and/or any Subsidiary regarding the infringement of any Intellectual
Property, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.14 ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS. To the Companys knowledge, the Company and each Subsidiary (i) is in compliance with any and all
applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment
or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) has received all
permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its respective businesses and (iii)
is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where, in each of the three foregoing
clauses, the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.15 TITLE. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each Subsidiary has good and marketable title in fee simple
to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by it that is material to the business
of the Company and each Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all Liens and, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value
of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any Subsidiary
and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any
real property and facilities held under lease by the Company or any Subsidiary is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases
with which the Company is in compliance with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or any Subsidiary.

Section
4.16 INSURANCE. The Company and each Subsidiary is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which
the Company and each Subsidiary is engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any Subsidiary will not be able to renew
its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be
necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or
otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of the Company, taken as a whole.

-12-

Section
4.17 REGULATORY PERMITS. The Company and each Subsidiary possesses all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its businesses, and neither the Company, nor
any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization
or permit.

Section
4.18 TAX STATUS. The Company and each Subsidiary has made or filed all federal and state income and all other material tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company has set
aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.

Section
4.19 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary, is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees,
consultants, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, in each case in excess of the lesser of (i) $120,000 or (ii) one percent of
the average of the Companys total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii)
other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

Section
4.20 FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other Person
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf of which
the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended.

Section
4.21 SARBANES-OXLEY. The Company is in compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which are
applicable to it.

-13-

Section
4.22 CERTAIN FEES. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Investor shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 4.22 that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.23 INVESTMENT COMPANY. The Company is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended.

Section
4.24 ACCOUNTANTS. The Companys independent auditors are set forth in the SEC Documents and, to the knowledge of the Company,
such accountants are an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act.

Section
4.25 NO MARKET MANIPULATION. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has, and to its knowledge no Person acting on either of their
behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid
any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for
soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

Section
4.26 NO DISQUALIFICATION EVENTS. None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company or any Subsidiary participating in the offering contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more
of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term
is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer
Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3) under the Securities Act..

Section
4.27 MONEY LAUNDERING. The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance with, and has not previously violated, the USA PATRIOT
ACT of 2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the
laws, regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, but
not limited, to (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained in
31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V.

Section
4.28 ILLEGAL OR UNAUTHORIZED PAYMENTS; POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has, nor, to the best
of the Companys knowledge (after reasonable inquiry of its officers and directors), any of the officers, directors, employees,
agents or other representatives of the Company, any Subsidiary or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company is or
has been affiliated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services,
in contravention of applicable law, (a) as a kickback or bribe to any Person or (b) to any political organization, or the holder of or
any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except on behalf of the Company.

-14-

Section
4.29 SHELL COMPANY STATUS. The Company is not currently an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) under the Securities Act, is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, has filed all reports and other materials required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable during the preceding 12 months, and, as of a date at least one
year prior to the Execution Date, has filed current Form 10 information with the SEC (as defined in Rule 144(i)(3) of the
Securities Act) reflecting its status as an entity that is no longer an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) of the Securities Act.

Section
4.30 ABSENCE OF SCHEDULES. In the event that on the Execution Date, the Company does not deliver any disclosure schedule contemplated
by this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) each such undelivered disclosure schedule shall be deemed to read
as follows: Nothing to Disclose, and (ii) the Investor has not otherwise waived delivery of such disclosure schedule.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS
OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to shares of Common
Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of
FINRA and the Principal Market.

Section
5.2 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period.
For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a Put Notice of such number of shares of Common
Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor shall, until such time as
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents.
The Investor agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the Company to any third party, except for attorneys, accountants,
advisors who have a need to know such Confidential Information and are bound by confidentiality, and shall not use any Confidential Information
for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges
that the Confidential Information of the Company shall remain the property of the Company and agrees that it shall take all reasonable
measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the Company.

Section
5.3 ACITIVTY REPORT. Investor shall provide an activity report on a monthly basis detailing the purchase and sales of the Companys
shares.

-15-

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 REMOVED AND RESERVED.

Section
6.2 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares to be
issued to the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall use commercially reasonable
best efforts to maintain, so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing of all such Put Shares and Commitment
Shares from time to time issued hereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing and trading
of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets) and will comply
in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of FINRA and the Principal
Market. The Company shall not take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common
Stock on the Principal Market. The Company shall promptly, and in no event later than the following Trading Day, provide to the Investor
copies of any notices it receives from any Person regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on the Principal
Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 6.2). The
Company shall take all action necessary to ensure that its Common Stock can be transferred electronically as DWAC Shares.

Section
6.4 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two
(2) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor
shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Trading
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
shall also file with the SEC, as soon as practical but no later than June 30, 2025, a new registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration
Statement) covering the resale of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares.

Section
6.5 ISSUANCE OF COMMITMENT SHARES. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and performance under
this Agreement, the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Commitment Shares to the Investor on the Execution Date. For
the avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares shall be fully earned as of the Execution Date, and the issuance of the Commitment
Shares is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including, without limitation, the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or the Companys submission of a Put Notice to the Investor and irrespective of any termination of this Agreement.

Section
6.6 DUE DILIGENCE; CONFIDENTIALITY; NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Investor shall have the right, from time to time as the
Investor may reasonably deem appropriate, to perform reasonable due diligence on the Company during normal business hours. The
Company, each Subsidiary and their respective officers and employees shall provide information and reasonably cooperate with the
Investor in connection with any reasonable request by the Investor related to the Investors due diligence of the Company. The
Company agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the Investor to any third party, except for attorneys, accountants,
advisors who have a need to know such Confidential Information and are bound by confidentiality, and shall not use any Confidential
Information for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Investor shall remain the property of the Investor and agrees that it
shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the Investor. The Company
confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf shall provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any
information that constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, unless a simultaneous public announcement thereof
is made by the Company in the manner contemplated by Regulation FD. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the
Company or any Person acting on its behalf (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), in addition to any
other remedy provided herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure,
in the form of a press release, public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior
approval by the Company; provided the Investor shall have first provided notice to the Company that it believes it has received
information that constitutes material, non-public information, and the Company shall have had at least twenty-four (24) hours to
publicly disclose such material, non-public information prior to any such disclosure by the Investor, and the Company shall have
failed to publicly disclose such material, non-public information within such time period. The Investor shall not have any liability
to the Company, any Subsidiary, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, stockholders, affiliates or agents, for
any such disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing covenants in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

-16-

Section
6.7 PURCHASE RECORDS. The Company shall maintain records showing the Available Amount at any given time and the date, Investment
Amount and Put Shares for each Put, contained in the applicable Put Notice.

Section
6.8 TAXES. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp or similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance
and delivery of any shares of Common Stock to the Investor made under this Agreement.

Section
6.9 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Company will use the net proceeds from the offering of Put Shares hereunder in the manner described in
the Registration Statement or the SEC Documents.

Section
6.13 TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. On the Execution Date, the Company shall deliver to the Investor executed copies of all of the Transaction
Documents.

ARTICLE
VII

CONDITIONS
TO DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PUT SHARES. The right of the Company to issue and sell
the Put Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a)ACCURACY
OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

-17-

(b)PERFORMANCE
BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.

(c)REGISTRATION
STATEMENT. The Company shall not have the right to issue any Put Shares if the Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement
thereto, shall fail to be and remain effective for the resale by the Investor of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares.

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE PUT SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase
Put Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a)REGISTRATION
STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall be and remain effective for the resale by the
Investor of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that the
SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or
withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so
and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or related prospectus
shall exist. The Company shall have prepared and filed with the SEC a final and complete prospectus (the preliminary form of which shall
be included in the Registration Statement) and shall have delivered to the Investor a true and complete copy thereof. Such prospectus
shall be current and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Securities covered thereby.

(b)ACCURACY
OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties
under the first sentence of Section 4.3, which are specifically made as of the Execution Date and shall be true and correct in
all respects as of the Execution Date).

(c)PERFORMANCE
BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company.

(d)NO
INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e)ADVERSE
CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

-18-

(f)NO
SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC,
the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation
and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the
trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company
any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced accordingly.

(g)BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Put Shares to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when
aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor,
would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in the event that
the amount of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Put Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the amount
of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all
purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following such Closing
Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put Notice.

(h)NO
KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration Statement
to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days following
the Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered). The Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged
untrue statement) of a material fact or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in the Registration Statement,
any effective registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or any post-effective amendment or prospectus
which is a part of the foregoing, unless the Company has filed an amendment with the SEC or taken such other.

(i)NO
VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements
of the Principal Market.

(j)OFFICERS
CERTIFICATE. On the date of delivery of each Put Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate executed by an
executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as of the date of
each such certificate.

(k)DWAC
ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(l)SEC
DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (other than Forms 8-K) shall have been filed with
the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.

(m)REMOVED
AND RESERVED.

(n)REMOVED
AND RESERVED.

-19-

(o) MINIMUM
PRICING. The lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the five

(5)
Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date must exceed $0.01 per share.

(p) NO
VIOLATION. No statute, regulation, order, guidance, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated, threatened or endorsed by any federal, state, local or foreign court or governmental authority of competent
jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the SEC, which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
VIII

LEGENDS

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares.

Section
8.2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations
hereunder to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IX

NOTICES;
INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, or e-mail as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other
than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following
the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

IR-Med,
Inc.

PO
Box 143

Rosh
Pina 1231400

Email:
ran@ir-medical.com

Attention:
Ran Ziskind, CEO

-20-

If
to the Investor:

Williamsburg
Venture Holdings, LLC

401
Ryland St Ste 200-A

Reno
NV, 89502

E-mail:
rg@williamsburg.ventures

Attention:
Ronald Glenn, Managing Member

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address or e-mail for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10)
days prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section
9.2 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party hereto (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
other party along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents and representatives, and each Person or entity, if any,
who controls such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder (an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all Damages, joint or several, and any and all actions
in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation,
breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained
in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement,
any registration statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto,
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by
the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified
Partys failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys negligence, recklessness,
fraud, willful misconduct or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the
foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out
of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the
Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus
(as amended or supplemented).

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.1
shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a) In
the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted
against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a
Third Party Claim), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers
served, if any, and specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for
indemnification that is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the
amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a
Claim Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide
the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the
Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent
that the Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying
Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt
by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the Dispute
Period) whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party
under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party
against such Third Party Claim.

-21-

(i) If
the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Indemnified
Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such
Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the
payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.1). The Indemnifying
Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however,
that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Partys
delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other
action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and provided, further,
that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide
reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The
Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying
Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and
expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may takeover the control of the defense
or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.1 with respect
to such Third Party Claim.

(ii) If
the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend
the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute
vigorously and diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within
the Dispute Period, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying
Party, the Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a
reasonable manner and in good faith or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party (with the consent of the
Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense
and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the
Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified
Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the
Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified Party with respect to such
Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided in clause (iii)
below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys defense pursuant
to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys participation therein at the Indemnified Partys request, and the
Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying
Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement
controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses
with respect to such participation.

-22-

(iii) If
the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified
Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.1 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period
whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third
Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under
Section 9.1 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying
Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party
and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that
if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute
such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(b) In
the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.1 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third
Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.1 specifying
the nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined
in good faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The failure
by any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights hereunder except to the extent that
the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified
Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified
Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity
Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under
Section 9.1 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying
Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within
thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(c) The
Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.

-23-

(d) The
indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party
against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction).

Section
10.2 ARBITRATION. Any disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to the Transaction Documents, or the transactions,
contemplated thereby, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the
scope or applicability of this Agreement to arbitrate, shall be referred to and resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration
to be conducted before the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service (JAMS ), or its successor pursuant the expedited
procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the Rules ), including Rules 16.1
and 16.2 of those Rules. The arbitration shall be held in New York, New York, before a tribunal consisting of three (3) arbitrators each
of whom will be selected in accordance with the strike and rank methodology set forth in Rule 15. Either party to this
Agreement may, without waiving any remedy under this Agreement, seek from any federal or state court sitting in the State of New York
any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment of the
arbitral tribunal. The costs and expenses of such arbitration shall be paid by and be the sole responsibility of the Company, including
but not limited to the Investors attorneys fees and each arbitrators fees. The arbitrators decision must
set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrators decision and award will be made and
delivered as soon as reasonably possibly and in any case within sixty (60) days following the conclusion of the arbitration hearing
and shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.

Section
10.3 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS.

Section
10.4 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other
Person.

Section
10.5 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Article
IX.

Section
10.6 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by written notice to the Investor, except while the
Investor holds any of the Put Shares. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the
Commitment Period; (ii) the date that the Company sells and the Investor purchases the Maximum Commitment Amount; or (iii) the date
in which the Registration Statement is no longer effective, or (iv) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any
Bankruptcy Law, the Company or the Investor commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a
Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for
the benefit of its creditors as applicable; provided, however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V,
VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X shall survive the
termination of this Agreement for the maximum length of time allowed under applicable law.

-24-

Section
10.7 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

Section
10.8 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each
party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees, Investors fees related to the DWAC of Securities, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection
with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor. The Company paid the Investor $7,500 for the preparation of the Equity Purchase
Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement and securities transfer and clearing costs. The Documentation fee shall be paid in Common
Stock and is part of the Commitment Fee.

Section
10.9 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of
the parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be delivered to the other parties hereto by
e-mail of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the parties so delivering this Agreement.

Section
10.10 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such
severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

Section
10.11 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
10.12 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section
10.13 EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm
to the Investor by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges
that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach
or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Investor shall be entitled, in addition to all
other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or
injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

-25-

Section
10.14 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.15 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that
is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto
and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
10.16 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other parties, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which
such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the extent
required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material
contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file
such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further
agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation
with its counsel.

**
Signature Page Follows **

-26-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the Execution Date.

IR-Med Inc

By: /s/
Ran Ziskind

Name: Ran Ziskind

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC

By: /s/
Ronald Glenn

Name: Ronald
Glenn

Title: Managing Member

**
Signature Page to Equity Purchase Agreement **

-27-

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF PUT NOTICE

TO:
Williamsburg Venture

Holdings, LLC

DATE: ______________

We refer to the Equity
Purchase Agreement, dated March 11 , 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between IR-Med Inc. and you. Capitalized
terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We
hereby:

1) Give
you notice that we require you to purchase_____________ Put Shares; and

2) The
purchase price per share, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, is_______________;
and

0) Certify
that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement
are satisfied.

IR-Med Inc.

By: 

Name: Ran Ziskind

Title: Chief Executive Officer

A-1

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF OFFICERS

CERTIFICATE
OF IR-Med, INC.

Pursuant
to Section 7.2(k) of that certain equity purchase agreement, dated March 11 , 2025 (the Agreement), by and
between IR-Med Inc., (the Company) and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC (the Investor), the
undersigned, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and not in his individual capacity, hereby certifies, as of the
date hereof (such date, the Condition Satisfaction Date), the following:

1. The
representations and warranties of the Company are true and correct in all material respects as of the Condition Satisfaction Date as
though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date)
with respect to all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing to and including the Condition Satisfaction
Date, except for any conditions which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the Company set forth in the Agreement
to be incorrect and which have been corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor; and

2. All
of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor to purchase Put Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but not limited
to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the Condition Satisfaction Date.

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto affixed his hand as of March 11, 2025.

By: /s/
Ran Ziskind

Name: 

Ran
Ziskind

B-1

Schedule
4.3

Capitalization

Common
stock -71,008,144

Options
under the share-based compensation plan -15,072,175

Warrants
-12,538,259

-1-

Schedule
4.5

SEC Documents; Disclosure

None.

-2-

Schedule
4.9

Litigation
and Other Proceedings

None.

-3-

Schedule
4.10

Registration
Rights

None.

-4-

EXHIBIT
C

FORM
OF TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER

C-1

EXHIBIT
D

FORM
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 11, 2025 (the Execution Date), is
entered into by and between IR-Med Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Williamsburg Venture
Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (together with its permitted assigns, the Buyer). Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in that certain Equity Purchase Agreement
by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the Execution Date (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time, the Purchase Agreement).

WHEREAS:

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Buyer up to Fifteen Million
Dollars ($15,000,000.00) of Put Shares, and to induce the Buyer to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide
certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.
DEFINITIONS.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.
Investor means the Buyer, any transferee or assignee thereof to whom the Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement
in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement, and any transferee or assignee
thereof to whom a transferee or assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to
become bound by the provisions of this Agreement.

b.
Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company,
an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental
agency.

c.
Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for the offering of securities on a continuous basis (Rule 415),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC).

d.
Registrable Securities means all of the (i) Commitment Shares, (ii) Put Shares which have been, or which may,
from time to time be issued, including without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock which have been issued or will be issued
to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement (without regard to any limitation or restriction on purchases), (iii) any and all
shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to each of the Transaction Documents, and (iv) any and all shares of capital
stock issued or issuable with respect to the Put Shares, Commitment Shares and the Purchase Agreement as a result of any stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on purchases under
the Purchase Agreement.

e.
Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company on Form S-1 covering only the resale
of the Registrable Securities including the Initial Registration Statement and any New Registration Statement or Other Registration Statement
(each as defined herein).

2.
REGISTRATION.

a.
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as soon as practical but no later than June 30, 2025, file with the SEC an initial
Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon
in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by
the Investor, including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices),
as mutually determined by both the Company and the Investor in consultation with their respective legal counsel (the Initial
Registration Statement). The Initial Registration Statement shall register only Registrable Securities. The Company shall
use its commercially reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment thereto declared effective
by the SEC at the earliest practicable date.

b.
Rule 424 Prospectus. In addition to the Initial Registration Statement, the Company shall, as required by applicable securities
regulations, from time to time file with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, such prospectuses and prospectus
supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under each Registration Statement. The Investor
and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectuses prior to its filing with the SEC, and
the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon any
prospectus within two (2) business days from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c.
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement is
insufficient to cover $5,000,000 of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a
new Registration Statement (a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 2(e)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) business days after
the necessity therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as
practicable following the filing thereof.

2

d.
Effectiveness. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon any Registration Statement
and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company
shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company
for inclusion therein. The Company shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to keep all Registration Statements effective, including
but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the
Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the Investor may sell all of the Registrable
Securities without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act without any restrictions (including any restrictions
under Rule 144(c) or Rule 144(i)), (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby
and no Put Shares remain issuable under the Purchase Agreement and (iii) the date on which the Purchase Agreement is terminated and the
Registrable Securities issued to the Investor may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
without restriction (the Registration Period). In the event that any Registration Statement filed hereunder is no
longer effective and Rule 144 is available for resales of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall provide an opinion upon request
of the Investor that the Investor may sell any such Registrable Securities held by the Investor pursuant to Rule 144 with all costs related
to such opinion to be borne by the Company. Each Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses
contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein,
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

e. Offering.
If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration
Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration
Statement to become or remain effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then- prevailing market prices
(and not fixed prices) by comment letter or otherwise, or if after the filing of the Initial Registration Statement with the SEC
pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable
Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be
included in such Initial Registration Statement on a pro rata basis among holders of Registrable Securities until such time as the
Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any
reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements in
accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities that have actually been issued and are not
otherwise eligible for legend removal under Rule 144 of the Securities Act or otherwise have been included in Registration
Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor.
Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register
Registrable Securities (and any related conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport
with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff as addressed in this Section 2(e).

3

3.
RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With
respect to a Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2,
including on any Other Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have
the following obligations:

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments on Form S-1) and supplements to
any Registration Statement and any Other Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement
and Other Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be
necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration
Statement or applicable Other Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of
in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon each Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement and
all amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) business days prior to their filing (that includes Registrable Securities issuable
to the Investor) with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable
best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any such Other Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto
within two (2) business days from the date the Investor receives the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor,
without charge, and within one (1) Business Day, any comments and/or any other correspondence from the SEC or the Staff to the Company
or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or such Other Registration Statement. The Company shall respond to the
SEC or the Staff, as applicable, regarding the resolution of any such comments and/or correspondence as promptly as practicable and in
any event within two weeks upon receipt thereof.

Upon
request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at
least one copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor
hereunder.

c.
The Company shall use reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of Nevada, New York and such other jurisdictions in the United States as
the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof
during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications
in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify
the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection
therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to
qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general
consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor who holds Registrable
Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of
any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United
States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

4

d.
As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or
amendment to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment
to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor
in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by
email or facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements
to any Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination
that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

e.
The Company shall use its reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any registration
statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or
suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the Investor
of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding
for such purpose. In addition, if the Company shall receive any comment letter from the SEC relating to any Registration Statement under
which Registrable Securities are Registered, the Company shall notify the Investor of the issuance of such order and use its best efforts
to address such comments in a manner satisfactory to the SEC.

f.
The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market. The Company shall
pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

g.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of DWAC Shares representing the Registrable
Securities to be offered pursuant to any Registration Statement. DWAC Shares means shares of Common Stock that are
(i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the
Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

5

h.
The Company shall at all times maintain the services of its Transfer Agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

i.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being
paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement.

j.
The Company shall use its reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

Within
one (1) Business Day after any Registration Statement which includes Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, or any prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment including Registrable Securities is filed with the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause
legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the Transfer Agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investor) confirmation
that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter,
if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to the Investor a written confirmation whether
or not (i) the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the
issuance of a stop order) (ii) any comment letter has been issued by the SEC and (iii) whether or not the Registration Statement is current
and available to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

k.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any Registration Statement.

4.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with
any Registration Statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect
the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company
may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Registration Statement shall contain the Selling Stockholder
and Plan of Distribution sections, each in substantially the form provided to the Company by the Investor.

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of any Registration Statement hereunder.

6

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition
of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until withdrawal of a stop order
contemplated by Section 3(f) or the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated
by Section 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its Transfer Agent to promptly issue DWAC Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an
Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of
any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not
yet settled.

5.
EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All
reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company.

6.
INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls or is

7

b.
under common control with the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the
Investor and each Person, if any, who is an affiliate of the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (each, an Indemnified
Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys
fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing
by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened,
whether or not an Indemnified Person is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them
may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out
of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement, any Other
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the
offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered
(Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by
the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or
any Other Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing
clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person
promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out
of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the Investor furnished in
writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement,
any Other Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available
by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not
inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are
the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact
contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised
prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified
Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such
Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a
failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was
timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts
paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section
9.

8

c.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding
(including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against the Company under this Section 6, deliver to the Company a written notice of the commencement thereof, and
the Company shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the Company so desires, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the Company and to the Indemnified Person; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person shall
have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel
retained by the Company, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person and the Company would be inappropriate due to actual
or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim
by the Company and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Person which relates to such
action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense
or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, Claim or proceeding
effectuated without its written consent, provided, however, that the Company shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its
consent. The Company shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
Company shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating
to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the Company within a reasonable time
of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Company of any liability to the Indemnified Person under this Section
6, except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

d.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

e.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Person
against the Company or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to the law.

9

7.
CONTRIBUTION.

To
the extent any indemnification by the Company is prohibited or limited by law, the Company agrees to make the maximum contribution with
respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided,
however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation;
and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited to the amount of proceeds received from the Registrable
Securities.

8.
REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or
regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration (Rule
144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a.
make and keep current public information available, as such term is understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act;

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration;
and

d.
take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Companys
Transfer Agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor at the Companys expense and otherwise fully cooperate with
Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that
Investor shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent
injunctions, without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9.
ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer, or
any Investor as assignee pursuant to this Section 9. The Buyer, or any Investor, may not assign its rights under this
Agreement without the written consent of the Company other than to an affiliate of such Investor.

10

10.
AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No
provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other
than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise
any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a
waiver thereof.

11.
MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of
such Registrable Securities.

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

IR-Med,
Inc.

PO
Box 143

Rosh
Pina 1231400

Email:
ran@ir-medical.com

Attention:
Ran Ziskind, CEO

If
to the Investor:

Williamsburg
Venture Holdings, LLC

401
Ryland St Ste 200-A

Reno,
NV 89502

E-mail:
rg@williamsburg.ventures

Attention:
Ronald Glenn

11

or
at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written
notice given to each other party three (3) business days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A)
given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders
email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission
or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by email
or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

c.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State
of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New
York.

d.
Any disputes, claims, or controversies hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein
shall be referred to and resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration to be conducted before the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation
Service (JAMS), or its successor pursuant the expedited procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration
Rules and Procedures (the Rules), including Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules. The arbitration shall be held in
New York, New York, before a tribunal consisting of three (3) arbitrators each of whom will be selected in accordance with the strike
and rank methodology set forth in Rule 15. Either party to this Agreement may, without waiving any remedy under this Agreement,
seek from any federal or state court sitting in the State of New York any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect
the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal. The costs and expenses of such arbitration
shall be paid by and be the sole responsibility of the Company, including but not limited to the Holders attorneys fees
and each arbitrators fees. The arbitrators decision must set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability.
The arbitrators decision and award will be made and delivered as soon as reasonably possibly and in any case within sixty (60) days
following the conclusion of the arbitration hearing and shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered by any court having
jurisdiction thereof.

e.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any
provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

f.
EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

12

g.
This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein
and therein. This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

h.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and
permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto.

i.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

j.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail in a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this
Agreement.

k.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

l.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

m.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*
* * * * *

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.

THE
COMPANY:

IR-Med Inc

By: /s/
Ran Ziskind

Name:
Ran
Ziskind

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

BUYER: 

Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC

By: 

/s/
Ronald Glenn

Name: Ronald Glenn

Title: Managing

Member

14

EXHIBIT
A

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

March
X, 2025

Vstock
Transfer LLC

18
Lafayette Place Woodmere, NY

11598

Re:
EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
are counsel to IR-Med, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with
that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of March X, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and
between the Company and Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC (the Buyer) pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to issue to the Buyer shares of the Companys Common Stock, $0.001 par value (the Common Stock), in an amount
up to Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000.00) (the Put Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement.
In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities &
Exchange Commission the following shares of Common Stock:

(1) _________ Put Shares to be
issued to the Buyer upon purchase from the Company by the Buyer from time to time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement;
and

(2) 1,000,000
Commitment Shares which were issued to the Buyer pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase
Agreement with the Buyer (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other
things, to register the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement, on March X, 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[ ]) (the Registration
Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the resale of the Put
Shares and the Commitment Shares.

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has
entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [ ] [A.M./P.M.] on [ ], 2021 and we have
no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has
been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Put Shares are available
for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive
legend.

Very
truly yours, 

[Company
Counsel]

By: 

cc: Williamsburg
Venture Holdings, LLC

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>irme-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>irme-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>irme-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56492

Entity Registrant Name IR-MED,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001839133

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4516398

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One ZHR Industrial
Zone

Entity Address, City or Town Rosh Pina

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 1231400

City Area Code +
972

Local Phone Number 4-655-5054

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir-medical.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
irme-20250311.xsd 
irme-20250311_lab.xml 
irme-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-010351-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001839133 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001839133 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
IR-MED, INC. 
NV 
000-56492 
84-4516398 
ZHR Industrial Zone 
Rosh Pina 
IL 
1231400 
+ 972 
4-655-5054 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>