<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-073904.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-073904.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407060540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-073904
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				364785571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37766
		FILM NUMBER:		25816263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 ERIE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857-285-6200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 ERIE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d901196d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001652130--12-3100016521302025-04-032025-04-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April 3, 2025

INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-37766 36-4785571

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

40 Erie Street, Suite 130

Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (857)285-6200

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock (Par Value $0.0001) NTLA The Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On April 3, 2025, based on the recommendation of the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors (the Board) of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company), the Board adopted and approved the amendment and restatement of the Companys Second Amended and Restated By-laws in their entirety, effective as of April 3, 2025. The Third Amended and Restated By-laws (the Amended By-laws) include, among other things, the following changes: (1) adopting a majority vote standard in uncontested elections for director positions, while retaining a plurality vote standard in contested elections in which the number of director candidates exceeds the number of directors to be elected; (2) implementing proxy solicitation procedures consistent with Rule 14a-19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (3) making certain other clarifying and procedural changes. 

A copy of the Amended By-laws is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference, and the foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended By-laws.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 Third Amended and Restated By-laws of Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., dated April 3, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.

Date: April 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ John M. Leonard

Name: John M. Leonard

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d901196dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BY-LAWS

OF 

INTELLIA
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

(the Corporation) 

ARTICLE I 

Stockholders

SECTION 1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders (any such meeting being referred to in these By-laws as an Annual Meeting) shall be held at the hour, date and place within or without the United States that is fixed by or in the manner determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
Board of Directors) and stated in the notice of the meeting, which time, date and place may subsequently be changed at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders, by vote of the Board of
Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead by held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the corporations principal executive office. If no Annual Meeting
has been held for a period of thirteen (13) months after the Corporations last Annual Meeting, a special meeting in lieu thereof may be held, and such special meeting shall have, for the purposes of these
By-laws or otherwise, all the force and effect of an Annual Meeting. Any and all references hereafter in these By-laws to an Annual Meeting or Annual Meetings also shall
be deemed to refer to any special meeting(s) in lieu thereof. 

SECTION 2. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. 

(a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. 

(1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of other business to be
considered by the stockholders may be brought before an Annual Meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice
provided for in this By-law, who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who is present (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this By-law as to such nomination or business. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring nominations or business properly before an Annual Meeting
(other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), and such stockholder must comply with the

notice and other procedures set forth in Article I, Section 2(a)(2), (3) and (4) of this By-law to bring such nominations or business properly
before an Annual Meeting. In addition to the other requirements set forth in this By-law, for any proposal of business to be considered at an Annual Meeting, it must be a proper subject for action by
stockholders of the Corporation under Delaware law. 

(2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an
Annual Meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (ii) of Article I, Section 2(a)(1) of this By-law, the stockholder must (i) have given Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing to
the Secretary of the Corporation, (ii) have provided any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this By-law and (iii) together with the beneficial owner(s),
if any, on whose behalf the nomination or business proposal is made, have acted in accordance with the representations set forth in the Solicitation Statement (as defined below) required by this By-law. To be
timely, a stockholders written notice shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one
hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding years Annual Meeting; provided, however, that in the event the Annual Meeting is first convened more than
thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, or if no Annual Meeting were held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not
later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the scheduled date of such Annual Meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made (such
notice within such time periods shall be referred to as Timely Notice). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, for the first Annual Meeting following the initial public offering of common stock of the Corporation, a
stockholders notice shall be timely if received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the scheduled date of such Annual
Meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such Annual Meeting is first made or sent by the Corporation. Such stockholders Timely Notice shall set forth: 

(A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, all information
relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such
persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); 

(B) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person (as defined below); 

2 

(C) (i) the name and address of the stockholder giving the notice, as they
appear on the Corporations books, and the names and addresses of the other Proposing Persons (if any), and (ii) as to each Proposing Person, the following information: (a) the class or series and number of all shares of capital stock
of the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record by such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under
the Exchange Act), including any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future;
(b) all Synthetic Equity Interests (as defined below) in which such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates, directly or indirectly, holds an interest including a description of the material terms of each such Synthetic Equity
Interest, including without limitation, identification of the counterparty to each such Synthetic Equity Interest and disclosure, for each such Synthetic Equity Interest, as to (x) whether or not such Synthetic Equity Interest conveys any
voting rights, directly or indirectly, in such shares to such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates, (y) whether or not such Synthetic Equity Interest is required to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of such
shares and (z) whether or not such Proposing Person and/or, to the extent known, the counterparty to such Synthetic Equity Interest has entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such Synthetic Equity
Interest; (c) any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a public proxy solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Exchange Act), agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such
Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates has or shares a right to, directly or indirectly, vote any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation; (d) any rights to dividends or other distributions on the
shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially by such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the
Corporation; and (e) any performance-related fees (other than an asset based fee) that such Proposing Person, directly or indirectly, is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of any class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation or any Synthetic Equity Interests (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (a) through (e) are referred to, collectively, as Material Ownership Interests), and (iii) a description
of the material terms of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether or not in writing) entered into by any Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates with any other person for the purpose of acquiring, holding, disposing or
voting of any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation; 

(D) (i) a description of all agreements,
arrangements or understandings by and among any of the Proposing Persons, or by and among any Proposing Persons and any other person (including with any proposed nominee(s)), pertaining to the nomination(s) or other business proposed to be brought
before the meeting of stockholders (which description shall identify the name of each other person who is party to such an agreement, arrangement or understanding), and (ii) identification of the names and addresses of other stockholders
(including beneficial owners) known by any of the Proposing Persons to support such nominations or other business proposal(s), and, to the extent known, the class and number of all shares of the Corporations capital stock owned beneficially or
of record by such other stockholder(s) or other beneficial owner(s); and 

3 

(E) a statement whether or not the stockholder giving the notice and/or the
other Proposing Person(s), if any, will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of a business proposal, at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation reasonably
believed by such Proposing Person to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder (such statement, the Solicitation Statement). 

For purposes of this Article I of these By-laws, the term Proposing Person
shall mean the following persons: (i) the stockholder of record providing the notice of nominations or business proposed to be brought before a stockholders meeting, and (ii) the beneficial owner(s), if different, on whose behalf the
nominations or business proposed to be brought before a stockholders meeting is made. For purposes of this Section 2 of Article I of these By-laws, the term Synthetic Equity
Interest shall mean any transaction, agreement or arrangement (or series of transactions, agreements or arrangements), including, without limitation, any derivative, swap, hedge, repurchase or so-called
stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, the purpose or effect of which is to, directly or indirectly: (a) give a person or entity economic benefit and/or risk similar to ownership of shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Corporation, in whole or in part, including due to the fact that such transaction, agreement or arrangement provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or avoid a loss from any increase or decrease in the value of any shares
of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, (b) mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk of or manage the risk of share price changes for, any person or entity with respect to any shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Corporation, (c) otherwise provide in any manner the opportunity to profit or avoid a loss from any decrease in the value of any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, or (d) increase or decrease the
voting power of any person or entity with respect to any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation. 

(3) A stockholder providing Timely Notice of nominations or business proposed to be brought before an Annual Meeting shall
further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information (including, without limitation, the Material Ownership Interests information) provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this By-law shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to such Annual Meeting, and such update and supplement shall be received by the
Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the fifth (5th) business day after the record date for the Annual Meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the
record date), and not later than the close of business on the eighth (8th) business day prior to the date of the Annual Meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting).
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update as set forth in this 

4 

Section 2(a)(3) shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder, or enable
or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted a Timely Notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or nomination or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions
proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Proposing Person no longer plans to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation pursuant to Article I, Section 2(a)(2)(E), such
Proposing Person shall inform the Corporation of this change by delivering a written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after making the determination not to proceed
with a solicitation of proxies. A Proposing Person shall also update its notice so that the information required by Article I, Section 2(a)(2)(C) is current through the date of the meeting or any adjournment, postponement or rescheduling
thereof, and such update shall be delivered in writing to the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of any material change to the information previously
disclosed pursuant to Article I, Section 2(a)(2)(C). 

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Article
I, Section 2(a)(2) of this By-law to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation is increased and there is no public announcement
naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least ten (10) days before the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination in accordance with the second
sentence of Article I, Section 2(a)(2), a stockholders notice required by this By-law shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such
increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

(b) General. 

(1) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the provisions of this
By-law shall be eligible for election and to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at an Annual Meeting as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of
this By-law or in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors or a designated committee thereof shall have the power to determine whether a
nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the provisions of this By-law. If neither the Board of Directors nor such designated committee makes a
determination as to whether any stockholder proposal or nomination was made in accordance with the provisions of this By-law, the presiding officer of the Annual Meeting shall have the power and duty to
determine whether the stockholder proposal or nomination was made in accordance with the provisions of this By-law. If the Board of Directors or a designated committee thereof or the presiding officer, as
applicable, determines that any stockholder proposal or nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions of this By-law, such proposal or nomination shall be disregarded and shall not be presented for
action at the Annual Meeting. 

5 

(2) Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this Article I,
Section 2 shall obligate the Corporation or the Board of Directors to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board of Directors information with respect to any nominee
for director or any other matter of business submitted by a stockholder. 

(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of
this Article I, Section 2, if the nominating or proposing stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the Annual Meeting to present a nomination or any business, such nomination or business shall be
disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Article I, Section 2, to be considered a qualified representative of the proposing stockholder, a person must be
authorized by a written instrument executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such written instrument or
electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the written instrument or electronic transmission, to the presiding officer at the meeting of stockholders. 

(4) For purposes of this By-law, public announcement shall mean disclosure
in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Services, Bloomberg, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13,
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
By-law, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, but not limited to, Rule
14a-19 of the Exchange Act, with respect to the matters set forth in this By-law. Nothing in this By-law shall be deemed to
affect any rights of (i) stockholders to have proposals included in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule), as applicable, under the Exchange Act and, to the
extent required by such rule, have such proposals considered and voted on at an Annual Meeting or (ii) the holders of any series of Undesignated Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances. If a stockholder fails to comply
with any applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, including, but not limited to, Rule 14a-19 promulgated thereunder, such stockholders proposed nomination or proposed business shall be deemed to have
not been made in compliance with this By-law and shall be disregarded. 

(6) Further
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this By-law, unless otherwise required by law, (i) no Proposing Person shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations
nominees unless such Proposing Person has complied with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices
required thereunder with timely notice and (ii) if any Proposing Person (A) provides 

6 

notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, (B) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder with timely notice and
(C) no other Proposing Person has provided notice pursuant to, and in compliance with, Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act that it intends to solicit proxies in support of the election of such proposed
nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, then such proposed nominee shall be disqualified from nomination, the Corporation shall disregard the nomination of such proposed nominee and
no vote on the election of such proposed nominee shall occur. Upon request by the Corporation, if any Proposing Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such
Proposing Person shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting date, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)
promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

(7) The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the Annual
Meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the Annual Meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of
directors to be elected at such Annual Meeting. A stockholder may not designate any substitute nominees unless the stockholder provides timely notice of such substitute nominee(s) in accordance with these
By-laws (and such notice contains all of the information, representations, questionnaires and certifications with respect to such substitute nominee(s) that are required by the
By-laws with respect to nominees for director). 

SECTION 3. Special Meetings. Except as
otherwise required by statute and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Undesignated Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a
resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors then in office. The Board of Directors may postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. Only those matters set forth in the notice of the
special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and stockholder proposals of other business shall not be
brought before a special meeting of stockholders to be considered by the stockholders unless such special meeting is held in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders in accordance with Article I, Section 1 of these By-laws, in which case such special meeting in lieu thereof shall be deemed an Annual Meeting for purposes of these By-laws and the provisions of Article I, Section 2 of
these By-laws shall govern such special meeting. 

SECTION 4. Notice of Meetings; Adjournments.

(a) A notice of each Annual Meeting stating the hour, date and place, if any, of such Annual Meeting and the means of remote
communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, shall be given not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the Annual Meeting, to each

7 

stockholder entitled to vote thereat by delivering such notice to such stockholder or by mailing it, postage prepaid, addressed to such stockholder at the address of such stockholder as it
appears on the Corporations stock transfer books. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232
of the DGCL. 

(b) Notice of all special meetings of stockholders shall be given in the same manner as provided for Annual Meetings, except
that the notice of all special meetings shall state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting has been called. 

(c) Notice of an
Annual Meeting or special meeting of stockholders need not be given to a stockholder if a waiver of notice is executed, or waiver of notice by electronic transmission is provided, before or after such meeting by such stockholder or if such
stockholder attends such meeting, unless such attendance is for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 

(d) The Board of Directors may postpone and reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled Annual Meeting or special meeting of stockholders
and any record date with respect thereto, regardless of whether any notice or public disclosure with respect to any such meeting has been sent or made pursuant to Section 2 of this Article I of these
By-laws or otherwise. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment, postponement or rescheduling of any previously scheduled meeting of stockholders commence a new time period for the giving of
a stockholders notice under this Article I of these By-laws.

(e) When any meeting is
convened, the presiding officer may adjourn the meeting if (i) no quorum is present for the transaction of business, (ii) the Board of Directors determines that adjournment is necessary or appropriate to enable the stockholders to consider
fully information which the Board of Directors determines has not been made sufficiently or timely available to stockholders, or (iii) the Board of Directors determines that adjournment is otherwise in the best interests of the Corporation.
When any Annual Meeting or special meeting of stockholders is adjourned to another hour, date or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting other than an announcement at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken of the hour, date
and place, if any, to which the meeting is adjourned and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting; provided, however, that if the
adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days from the meeting date, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communications, if any, by which
stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote thereat and each stockholder who, by law or under the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as the same may hereafter be amended and/or restated, the Certificate) or these By-laws, is entitled to such notice. 

8 

SECTION 5. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate or these By-laws, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. If less than a
quorum is present at a meeting, the holders of voting stock representing a majority of the voting power present at the meeting or the presiding officer may adjourn the meeting from time to time, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without
further notice, except as provided in Section 4 of this Article I. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. The
stockholders present at a duly constituted meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 

SECTION 6. Voting and Proxies. Stockholders shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote owned by them of record
according to the stock ledger of the Corporation as of the record date, unless otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate. Stockholders may vote either (i) in person, (ii) by written proxy or (iii) by a transmission permitted by
Section 212(c) of the DGCL. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission permitted by Section 212(c) of the DGCL may be substituted for or used in lieu of the original writing or
transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or
transmission. Proxies shall be filed in accordance with the procedures established for the meeting of stockholders. Except as otherwise limited therein or as otherwise provided by law, proxies authorizing a person to vote at a specific meeting shall
entitle the persons authorized thereby to vote at any adjournment of such meeting, but they shall not be valid after final adjournment of such meeting. A proxy with respect to stock held in the name of two or more persons shall be valid if executed
by or on behalf of any one of them unless at or prior to the exercise of the proxy the Corporation receives a specific written notice to the contrary from any one of them. In the event the Corporation receives proxies for disqualified or withdrawn
nominees for the Board of Directors, such votes for such disqualified or withdrawn nominees in the proxies will be treated as abstentions. 

SECTION 7. Action at Meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders, any matter before any such meeting shall be
decided by a majority of the votes properly cast for and against such matter, except where a larger vote is required by law, by the Certificate or by these By-laws. When a quorum is present in any meeting, a
nominee for director shall be elected to the Board of Directors if the number of votes cast for such nominees election exceed the number of votes cast against such nominees election; provided, however, that in a contested election, a
nominee shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at the election on such election of directors. An election shall be considered contested if, as of the last date on which nominees for director may be
submitted in accordance with these By-laws, the nominees for election to the Board of Directors exceeds the number of positions on the Board of Directors to be filled by election at that meeting. If an
incumbent director is not re-elected, the director shall tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors. 

9 

SECTION 8. Stockholder Lists. The Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or the
Corporations transfer agent or other person authorized by these By-laws or by law) shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every Annual Meeting or special meeting of stockholders, a
complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the
examination of any stockholder, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law. The list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting as provided by
law. 

SECTION 9. Presiding Officer. The Board of Directors shall designate a representative to preside over all Annual Meetings or
special meetings of stockholders, provide that if the Board of Directors does not so designate such a presiding officer, then the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, shall preside over such meetings. If the Board of Directors does not so
designate such a presiding officer and there is no Chairman of the Board or the Chairman of the Board is unable to so preside or is absent, then the Chief Executive Officer, if one is elected, shall preside over such meetings, provided further that
if there is no Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Executive Officer is unable to so preside or is absent, then the President shall preside over such meetings. The presiding officer at any Annual Meeting or special meeting of stockholders shall
have the power, among other things, to adjourn such meeting at any time and from time to time, subject to Sections 4 and 5 of this Article I. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of the stockholders
shall be determined by the presiding officer. 

SECTION 10. Inspectors of Elections. The Corporation shall, in advance of any
meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or
alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the presiding officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Any inspector may, but need not, be an officer, employee or agent of the Corporation. Each inspector, before
entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall perform such duties as are
required by the DGCL, including the counting of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. The presiding officer may review all
determinations made by the inspectors, and in so doing the presiding officer shall be entitled to exercise his or her sole judgment and discretion and he or she shall not be bound by any determinations made by the inspectors. All determinations by
the inspectors and, if applicable, the presiding officer, shall be subject to further review by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

10 

ARTICLE II 

Directors 

SECTION 1.
Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors except as otherwise provided by the Certificate or required by law. 

SECTION 2. Number and Terms. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed solely and exclusively by resolution duly
adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors. The directors shall hold office in the manner provided in the Certificate. 

SECTION
3. Qualification. No director need be a stockholder of the Corporation. 

SECTION 4. Vacancies. Vacancies in the Board of
Directors shall be filled in the manner provided in the Certificate. 

SECTION 5. Removal. Directors may be removed from office only
in the manner provided in the Certificate. 

SECTION 6. Resignation. A director may resign at any time by giving written notice to
the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, the President or the Secretary. A resignation shall be effective upon receipt, unless the resignation otherwise provides. 

SECTION 7. Regular Meetings. The regular annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held, without notice other than this
Section 7, on the same date and at the same place as the Annual Meeting following the close of such meeting of stockholders. Other regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such hour, date and place as the Board of Directors may
by resolution from time to time determine and publicize by means of reasonable notice given to any director who is not present at the meeting at which such resolution is adopted. 

SECTION 8. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called, orally or in writing, by or at the request of a
majority of the directors, the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, or the President. The person calling any such special meeting of the Board of Directors may fix the hour, date and place thereof. 

SECTION 9. Notice of Meetings. Notice of the hour, date and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to
each director by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or in case of the death, absence, incapacity or refusal of such persons, by the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, or the President or such other officer designated by the Chairman of
the Board, if one is elected, or the President. Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director in person, by telephone, or by facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic communication, sent to his
or her business or home address, at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the meeting, or by written notice mailed to his or her business or home address, at least forty-eight (48) hours in advance of the meeting. Such notice shall be
deemed to be delivered when hand-delivered to such address, read to such director by telephone, deposited in the mail so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid if mailed, dispatched or transmitted if sent by facsimile transmission or by electronic
mail or other form of electronic communications. A written waiver of notice signed before or after a meeting by a director and filed with the records of the meeting shall be deemed to be equivalent to notice of the meeting. The attendance of a
director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the 

11 

beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because such meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Except as otherwise required by law, by the Certificate or by these By-laws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. 

SECTION 10. Quorum. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business, but if less than a quorum is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further notice. Any business which might
have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed may be transacted at such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present. For purposes of this section, the total number of directors includes any unfilled vacancies on the Board of
Directors. 

SECTION 11. Action at Meeting. At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a
majority of the directors present shall constitute action by the Board of Directors, unless otherwise required by law, by the Certificate or by these By-laws.

SECTION 12. Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken
without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the records of the meetings of the Board of
Directors. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. Such consent shall be treated as a resolution of the Board of Directors for
all purposes. 

SECTION 13. Manner of Participation. Directors may participate in meetings of the Board of Directors by means of
conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all directors participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting in accordance herewith shall constitute presence in person at such meeting for
purposes of these By-laws.

SECTION 14. Presiding Director. The Board of Directors shall
designate a representative to preside over all meetings of the Board of Directors, provided that if the Board of Directors does not so designate such a presiding director or such designated presiding director is unable to so preside or is absent,
then the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, shall preside over all meetings of the Board of Directors. If both the designated presiding director, if one is so designated, and the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, are unable to preside
or are absent, the Board of Directors shall designate an alternate representative to preside over a meeting of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 15. Committees. The Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, may elect one or more
committees, including, without limitation, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee and an Audit Committee, and may delegate thereto some or all of its powers except those which by law, by the Certificate or
by these By-laws may not be delegated. Except as the Board of Directors may 

12 

otherwise determine, any such committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted
so far as possible in the same manner as is provided by these By-laws for the Board of Directors. All members of such committees shall hold such offices at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors may abolish any such committee at any time. Any committee to which the Board of Directors delegates any of its powers or duties shall keep records of its meetings and shall report its action to the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 16. Compensation of Directors. Directors shall receive such compensation for their services as shall be determined by a
majority of the Board of Directors, or a designated committee thereof, provided that directors who are serving the Corporation as employees and who receive compensation for their services as such, shall not receive any salary or other compensation
for their services as directors of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE III 

Officers 

SECTION 1.
Enumeration. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Treasurer, a Secretary and such other officers, including, without limitation, a Chairperson of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer and one or more
Vice Presidents (including Executive Vice Presidents or Senior Vice Presidents), Assistant Vice Presidents, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, as the Board of Directors may determine. 

SECTION 2. Election. The Board of Directors shall elect the President, the Treasurer and the Secretary. Other officers may be elected
by the Board of Directors or by such officers delegated such authority by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 3. Qualification. No
officer need be a stockholder or a director. Any person may occupy more than one office of the Corporation at any time. 

SECTION 4.
Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate or by these By-laws, each of the officers of the Corporation shall hold office until the regular annual meeting of the Board of Directors
following the next Annual Meeting and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

SECTION 5. Resignation. Any officer may resign by delivering his or her written resignation to the Corporation addressed to the
President or the Secretary, and such resignation shall be effective upon receipt, unless the resignation otherwise provides. 

SECTION 6.
Removal. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Board of Directors may remove any officer with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. 

13 

SECTION 7. Absence or Disability. In the event of the absence or disability of any
officer, the Board of Directors may designate another officer to act temporarily in place of such absent or disabled officer. 

SECTION 8.
Vacancies. Any vacancy in any office may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 9.
President. The President shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, have such powers and shall perform such duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 10. Chairperson of the Board. The Chairperson of the Board, if one is elected, shall have such powers and shall perform such
duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 11. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive
Officer, if one is elected, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 12. Vice Presidents and Assistant Vice Presidents. Any Vice President (including any Executive Vice President or Senior Vice
President) and any Assistant Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 13. Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The Treasurer shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors and except as
the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may otherwise provide, have general charge of the financial affairs of the Corporation and shall cause to be kept accurate books of account. The Treasurer shall have custody of all funds,
securities, and valuable documents of the Corporation. He or she shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. Any Assistant Treasurer shall have such powers
and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 14.
Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The Secretary shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors (including committees of the Board of Directors) in books kept for that purpose. In his or her
absence from any such meeting, a temporary secretary chosen at the meeting shall record the proceedings thereof. The Secretary shall have charge of the stock ledger (which may, however, be kept by any transfer or other agent of the Corporation). The
Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation, and the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary shall have authority to affix it to any instrument requiring it, and, when so affixed, the seal may be attested by his or her signature or that
of an Assistant Secretary. The Secretary shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary may perform
his or her duties and responsibilities. Any Assistant Secretary shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time designate. 

SECTION 15. Other Powers and Duties. Subject to these By-laws and to such limitations as the
Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe, the officers of the Corporation shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by
the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 

14 

ARTICLE IV 

Capital Stock 

SECTION 1.
Certificates of Stock. Each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate of the capital stock of the Corporation in such form as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors. Such certificate shall be signed by the
Chairperson of the Board, the President or a Vice President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. The Corporation seal and the signatures by the Corporations officers, the transfer agent or
the registrar may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed on such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such
certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the time of its issue. Every certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on
transfer and every certificate issued when the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class or series of stock shall contain such legend with respect thereto as is required by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in these
Bylaws, the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares (except that the foregoing shall not apply to shares represented
by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation), and by the approval and adoption of these By-laws the Board of Directors has determined that all classes or series of the
Corporations stock may be uncertificated, whether upon original issuance, re-issuance, or subsequent transfer. 

SECTION 2. Transfers. Subject to any restrictions on transfer and unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, shares of stock
that are represented by a certificate may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate theretofore properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of
attorney properly executed, with transfer stamps (if necessary) affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require. Shares of stock that are not represented by a certificate
may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by submitting to the Corporation or its transfer agent such evidence of transfer and following such other procedures as the Corporation or its transfer agent may require. 

15 

SECTION 3. Record Holders. Except as may otherwise be required by law, by the
Certificate or by these By-laws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and
the right to vote with respect thereto, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock, until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these By-laws.

SECTION 4. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change,
conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of
Directors, and which record date: (a) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting and (b) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting
is held; and (ii) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

SECTION 5. Replacement of Certificates. In case of the alleged loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate of stock of the
Corporation, a duplicate certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such terms as the Board of Directors may prescribe. 

ARTICLE V

Indemnification 

SECTION 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article: 

(a) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is serving or has served (i) as a Director of the Corporation,
(ii) as an Officer of the Corporation, (iii) as a Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation, or (iv) as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, foundation, association, organization or other legal entity which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation. For purposes of this
Section 1(a), a Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation who is serving or has served as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of a Subsidiary shall be deemed to be
serving at the request of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Corporate Status shall not include the status of a person who is serving or has served as a director, officer, employee or agent of a constituent corporation
absorbed in a merger or consolidation transaction with the Corporation with respect to such persons activities prior to said transaction, unless specifically authorized by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation; 

16 

(b) Director means any person who serves or has served the Corporation as a
director on the Board of Directors of the Corporation; 

(c) Disinterested Director means, with respect to each Proceeding in
respect of which indemnification is sought hereunder, a Director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to such Proceeding; 

(d) Expenses means all attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of expert witnesses, private
investigators and professional advisors (including, without limitation, accountants and investment bankers), travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, costs of preparation of demonstrative evidence and other courtroom
presentation aids and devices, costs incurred in connection with document review, organization, imaging and computerization, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements, costs or expenses of the type customarily
incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settling or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding; 

(e) Liabilities means judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties, excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement; 

(f) Non-Officer Employee means any person who serves or has served as an employee or agent
of the Corporation, but who is not or was not a Director or Officer; 

(g) Officer means any person who serves or has served
the Corporation as an officer of the Corporation appointed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; 

(h) Proceeding means
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, inquiry, investigation, administrative hearing or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative; and

(i) Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other entity of which
the Corporation owns (either directly or through or together with another Subsidiary of the Corporation) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest or (ii) (A) fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of
the voting capital equity interests of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or (B) fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting capital stock or other voting equity interests of such
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity. 

17 

SECTION 2. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. 

(a) Subject to the operation of Section 4 of this Article V of these By-laws, each Director and
Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits
the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), and to the extent authorized in this Section 2. 

(1) Actions, Suits and Proceedings Other than By or In the Right of the Corporation. Each Director and Officer shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred or paid by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in connection with any Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter therein (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or Officers Corporate Status,
if such Director or Officer acted in good faith and in a manner such Director or Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 

(2) Actions, Suits and Proceedings By or In the Right of the Corporation.
Each Director and Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses that are incurred by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in connection with any Proceeding or
any claim, issue or matter therein by or in the right of the Corporation, which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or Officers Corporate Status, if such
Director or Officer acted in good faith and in a manner such Director or Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; provided, however, that no indemnification shall be made under this
Section 2(a)(2) in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such Director or Officer shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Corporation, unless, and only to the extent that, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware or another court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite adjudication of liability, but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such Director or Officer is fairly
and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses that such court deems proper. 

(3) Survival of Rights.
The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 2 shall continue as to a Director or Officer after he or she has ceased to be a Director or Officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors, administrators and
personal representatives. 

(4) Actions by Directors or Officers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation
shall indemnify any Director or Officer seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director or Officer only if such Proceeding (including any parts of such Proceeding not initiated by such Director or Officer) was
authorized in advance by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, unless such Proceeding was brought to enforce such Officers or Directors rights to indemnification or, in the case of Directors, advancement of Expenses under these By-laws in accordance with the provisions set forth herein. 

18 

SECTION 3. Indemnification of Non-Officer
Employees. Subject to the operation of Section 4 of this Article V of these By-laws, each Non-Officer Employee may, in the discretion of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation, be indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against any or all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred by such
Non-Officer Employee or on such Non-Officer Employees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, or any claim, issue or matter
therein, which such Non-Officer Employee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Non-Officer Employees Corporate Status, if
such Non-Officer Employee acted in good faith and in a manner such Non-Officer Employee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 3 shall exist as to a
Non-Officer Employee after he or she has ceased to be a Non-Officer Employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, personal representatives, executors and
administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may indemnify any Non-Officer Employee seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such
Non-Officer Employee only if such Proceeding was authorized in advance by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

SECTION 4. Determination. Unless ordered by a court, no indemnification shall be provided pursuant to this Article V to a Director, to
an Officer or to a Non-Officer Employee unless a determination shall have been made that such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Such determination shall be made by (a) a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, (b) a committee comprised of Disinterested Directors, such committee having been designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (even though less than a quorum), (c) if
there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of Disinterested Directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (d) by the stockholders of the Corporation. 

SECTION 5. Advancement of Expenses to Directors Prior to Final Disposition. 

(a) The Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director in connection with any Proceeding in which such
Director is involved by reason of such Directors Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a written statement from such Director requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior
to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Director and shall be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such Director to repay any
Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Director is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director
seeking advancement of expenses hereunder 

19 

in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director only if such Proceeding (including any parts of such Proceeding not initiated by such Director) was (i) authorized by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, or (ii) brought to enforce such Directors rights to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under these By-laws.

(b) If a claim for advancement of Expenses hereunder by a Director is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the Corporation of documentation of Expenses and the required undertaking, such Director may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and if successful in whole or in part, such
Director shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim. The failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination
concerning the permissibility of such advancement of Expenses under this Article V shall not be a defense to an action brought by a Director for recovery of the unpaid amount of an advancement claim and shall not create a presumption that such
advancement is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director is not entitled to an advancement of expenses shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation
shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Director has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

SECTION 6. Advancement of Expenses to Officers and Non-Officer Employees Prior to Final Disposition.

(a) The Corporation may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, advance any or all Expenses incurred by or on
behalf of any Officer or any Non-Officer Employee in connection with any Proceeding in which such person is involved by reason of his or her Corporate Status as an Officer or
Non-Officer Employee upon the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from such Officer or Non-Officer Employee requesting such advance or advances from
time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Officer or Non-Officer Employee and shall be
preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay any Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Officer or Non-Officer Employee is not entitled to be
indemnified against such Expenses. 

(b) In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms
of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Officer or Non-Officer Employee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set
forth in the DGCL. 

20 

SECTION 7. Contractual Nature of Rights. 

(a) The provisions of this Article V shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each Director and Officer entitled to
the benefits hereof at any time while this Article V is in effect, in consideration of such persons past or current and any future performance of services for the Corporation. Neither amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of
this Article V nor the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article V shall eliminate or reduce any right conferred by this Article V in respect of any act or omission occurring, or any
cause of action or claim that accrues or arises or any state of facts existing, at the time of or before such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption of an inconsistent provision (even in the case of a proceeding based on such a state of facts
that is commenced after such time), and all rights to indemnification and advancement of Expenses granted herein or arising out of any act or omission shall vest at the time of the act or omission in question, regardless of when or if any proceeding
with respect to such act or omission is commenced. The rights to indemnification and to advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article V shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or
officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of such person. 

(b) If a claim for indemnification hereunder by a Director or Officer is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after
receipt by the Corporation of a written claim for indemnification, such Director or Officer may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim, and if successful in whole or in part, such Director
or Officer shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim. The failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination
concerning the permissibility of such indemnification under this Article V shall not be a defense to an action brought by a Director or Officer for recovery of the unpaid amount of an indemnification claim and shall not create a presumption that
such indemnification is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director or Officer is not entitled to indemnification shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by a Director or Officer to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder, it shall be a defense that such Director or
Officer has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

SECTION 8.
Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification and to advancement of Expenses set forth in this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Director, Officer, or Non-Officer Employee may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate or these By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors
or otherwise. 

SECTION 9. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any Director,
Officer or Non-Officer Employee against any liability of any character asserted against or incurred by the Corporation or any such Director, Officer or Non-Officer
Employee, or arising out of any such persons Corporate Status, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the DGCL or the provisions of this Article V. 

21 

SECTION 10. Other Indemnification. The Corporations obligation, if any, to
indemnify or provide advancement of Expenses to any person under this Article V as a result of such person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit
plan or enterprise (the Primary Indemnitor). Any indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Article V owed by the Corporation as a result of a person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, partner, trustee,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall only be in excess of, and shall be secondary to, the indemnification or advancement of Expenses available from the
applicable Primary Indemnitor(s) and any applicable insurance policies. 

ARTICLE VI 

Miscellaneous Provisions 

SECTION 1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 2. Seal. The Board of Directors shall have power to adopt and alter the seal of the Corporation. 

SECTION 3. Execution of Instruments. All deeds, leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes and other obligations to be entered into by
the Corporation in the ordinary course of its business without director action may be executed on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, the President or the Treasurer or any other officer, employee or agent of
the Corporation as the Board of Directors or the executive committee of the Board of Directors may authorize. 

SECTION 4. Voting of
Securities. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, the Chairman of the Board, if one is elected, the President or the Treasurer may waive notice of and act on behalf of the Corporation, or appoint another person or persons to act as
proxy or attorney in fact for the Corporation with or without discretionary power and/or power of substitution, at any meeting of stockholders or shareholders of any other corporation or organization, any of whose securities are held by the
Corporation. 

SECTION 5. Resident Agent. The Board of Directors may appoint a resident agent upon whom legal process may be served
in any action or proceeding against the Corporation. 

SECTION 6. Corporate Records. The original or attested copies of the
Certificate, By-laws and records of all meetings of the incorporators, stockholders and the Board of Directors and the stock transfer books, which shall contain the names of all stockholders, their record
addresses and the amount of stock held by each, may be kept outside the State of Delaware and shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation, at an office of its counsel, at an office of its transfer agent or in such manner as may be
permitted by law. 

22 

SECTION 7. Certificate. All references in these
By-laws to the Certificate shall be deemed to refer to the Amended and RestatedCertificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and/or restated and in effect from time to time. 

SECTION 8. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Delaware Courts or the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Unless the
Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of or based on a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations
stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, or other employee or stockholder of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate or By-laws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 8. 

SECTION 9. Amendment of By-laws. 

(a) Amendment by Directors. Except as provided otherwise by law, these By-laws may be amended
or repealed by the Board of Directors by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. 

(b) Amendment by
Stockholders. These By-laws may be amended or repealed at any Annual Meeting, or special meeting of stockholders called for such purpose in accordance with these
By-Laws, by the affirmative vote of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting together as a single class; provided, however, that if the
Board of Directors recommends that stockholders approve such amendment or repeal at such meeting of stockholders, such amendment or repeal shall only require the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such
amendment or repeal, voting together as a single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stockholder approval shall not be required unless mandated by the Certificate, these By-laws, or other applicable law.

SECTION 10. Notices. If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed
to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic
transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. 

23 

SECTION 11. Waivers. A written waiver of any notice, signed by a stockholder or
director, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether given before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person. Neither the business to
be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting need be specified in such a waiver. 

Adopted January 19, 2016, subject to effectiveness of the
Corporations Registration Statement on Form S-1.

Second Amended and Restated By-laws approved by the Board of Directors on April 3, 2020. 

Third Amended and Restated By-laws approved by the Board of Directors on April 3, 2025. 

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ntla-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ntla-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ntla-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001652130

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-37766

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4785571

Entity Address, Address Line One 40 Erie Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 130

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02139

City Area Code (857)

Local Phone Number 285-6200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock (Par Value $0.0001)

Trading Symbol NTLA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://intelliatx.com//20250403/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d901196d8k.htm 
ntla-20250403.xsd 
ntla-20250403_lab.xml 
ntla-20250403_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-073904-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d901196d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001652130 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

false 
0001652130 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
INTELLIA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-37766 
36-4785571 
40 Erie Street 
Suite 130 
Cambridge 
MA 
02139 
(857) 
285-6200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock (Par Value $0.0001) 
NTLA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>