<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-006043.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-006043.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424172831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-006043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250424
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Azitra, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				464478536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41705
		FILM NUMBER:		25869009

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 BUSINESS PARK DRIVE, SUITE 6
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 489-0183

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 BUSINESS PARK DRIVE, SUITE 6
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Azitra Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170320
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170147800017014782025-04-242025-04-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 24, 2025

AZITRA,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41705 46-4478536

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

21
Business Park Drive

Branford,
CT06405

(Address
of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

(203)646-6446

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock: Par value $0.0001 AZTR NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 24, 2025, Azitra, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with
Alumni Capital LP (the Purchaser), whereby the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Purchaser,
and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to an aggregate of $20 million (the Investment Amount) of shares (the ELOC
Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) in a series of purchases.

The
term of the Purchase Agreement is through December 31, 2026, or the date on which the Purchaser shall have purchased the ELOC Shares
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of the Investment Amount. During the term, the Company may at its
election cause the Purchaser to make a series of purchases of ELOC Shares, each up to $750,000, or up to $4 million dollars upon consent
of the Purchaser. The closing of each purchase pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will be no later than five business days after the
Company provides a notice to for the purchase. The Company expects to consider market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock
and the availability of other sources of financing when determining whether to make sales under the Purchase Agreement.

The
issuance of the shares of ELOC Shares to the Purchaser is being made pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirement of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement, the Company must file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within sixty days of the Purchase Agreement,
a registration statement covering the offering and sale of the shares of the ELOC Shares and shares underlying the Warrants.

The
purchase price of the ELOC Shares that the Company elects to sell to the Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will be equal to
the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the period commencing on the date that the Company delivers
a notice requiring the purchase of ELOC Shares by the Purchaser and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) five (5) business days immediately
following such date and (ii) the date on which the Purchaser notifies the Company that it is prepared to proceed with the relevant closing,
multiplied by 90%.

Upon
each purchase, the Purchaser will receive warrants to purchase such number of shares of the Companys Common Stock equal to 10%
of the number of ELOC Shares purchased in the related purchase (the Warrants). The Exercise Price shall equal 130% of the
price per share paid upon closing. The exercise of the Warrant will be subject to stockholder approval and expire five years after issuance.
The Warrants may be exercised via cashless exercise if there is no effective registration statement, or current prospectus available
for, the resale of the Warrant Shares.

In
no event may the Company issue to the Purchaser under the Purchase Agreement ELOC Shares in an amount greater than 19.99% of the total
number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Exchange
Cap), unless the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap. In any event,
the Purchase Agreement provides that the Company may not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock under the Purchase Agreement if such
issuance or sale would breach any applicable NYSE American LLC rules.

The
Purchase Agreement prohibits the Company from directing the Purchaser to purchase any shares of Common Stock if those shares, when aggregated
with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Purchaser (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), would result in the Purchaser beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding Common Stock.
The beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by the Purchaser with the Companys consent.

This
Current Report shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements and certificates evidencing
such shares contain a legend stating the same.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the Warrant do not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full texts of the Purchase Agreement and the Warrant, a copy of each has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
description of the securities in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
April 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that it had entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Purchaser. A copy
of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of Warrant, dated April 24, 2025

10.1 Form of Purchase Agreement, dated April 24, 2025, by and between Azitra, Inc. and Alumni Capital LP

99.1 Press release dated April 24, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AZITRA,
INC.

Dated:
April 24, 2025 By: /s/
Francisco Salva

Name: Francisco
Salva

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

WARRANT

AZITRA,
INC.

Warrant
No. __ 

Issuance
Date: [___], 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Alumni Capital LP or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to
the close of business on the five (5) year anniversary of the Issuance Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from azitra, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), in the amounts and the price per share
as set forth in Section 2.

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) dated as of April 24, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder.

For
purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting
power, by contract or otherwise.

Approved
Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior
to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and Options may be issued to any employee, officer, consultant,
or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Common
Stock means the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

Common
Stock Equivalents shall mean any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time shares of Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of Common Stock.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

Initial
Exercise Date has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Exercise
Value means the number of Common Stock received upon an exercise of this Warrant multiplied by the Exercise Price applicable
to such exercise.

Market
Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the three hundred sixty-five (365) Trading Days prior to the
date of the respective Notice of Exercise.

Options
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for, purchase, or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Stockholder
Approval means the approval of the holders of a majority of the Companys outstanding voting Common Stock that are present
or represented by proxy at a meeting, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the issuance of all of the Purchase
Notice Shares and issuance of the Warrant Shares in excess the Exchange Cap, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Trading
Day means a day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the Trading Market; provided, however, that in the event
that the shares of Common Stock are not listed or quoted on the Trading Market, then Trading Day shall mean any day except Saturday,
Sunday and any day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or State of Delaware
are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, or the OTC Markets QB Tier (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.

VWAP
shall mean, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Trading Market (or, if
the Trading Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as determined by the Holder or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in any principal
quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the
principal trading platform or market for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m.,
New York time, as determined by the Holder, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets
by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of
such security on such date shall be the fair market value determined by the Holder.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrants. Exercise of the purchase rights for Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at
any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other
office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing
on the books of the Company) of a duly executed notice of exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (a Notice
of Exercise), which may be delivered in a .PDF format via electronic mail pursuant to the notice provisions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement. Within one (1) Trading Day of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within two (2) Trading
Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such
day), the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, unless such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below (if available). No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. The Company shall be entitled to conclusively
assume the genuineness of any signature on any Notice of Exercise delivered to the Company pursuant to this Section 2(a), the
legal capacity and competency of all natural persons signing any Notice of Exercise so delivered, the authenticity of any Notice of Exercise
so delivered, the conformity to an authentic original of any Notice of Exercise so delivered as certified, authenticated, conformed,
photostatic, facsimile, or electronic and the authenticity of the original of such Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases, and the Company shall be entitled to conclusively assume that its records of the number of Warrant Shares purchased
and the date of such purchases are accurate, absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Number
of Warrant Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Holder shall have the right to purchase from the Company
a number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) 10% multiplied by $[____________]1, (ii) divided by the Exercise Price (as defined
below), less the Exercise Value of all partial exercises of this Warrant in accordance with Section 2(a) prior to the Initial Exercise
Date.

1]Note to Form: Such amount to equal the value of the triggering purchase under the purchase agreement.

c) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall [_____________]2, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

d) Cashless
Exercise. If at any time there is no effective Registration Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= the Market Price;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Assuming
(i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are met in the case of
such a cashless exercise, the Company agrees that the Company will use its best efforts to cause the removal of the legend from such
Warrant Shares (including by delivering an opinion of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense
to ensure the foregoing), and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Warrant prior to removing the legend. The Company expressly acknowledges that Rule 144(d)(3)(ii), as currently in effect,
provides that Warrant Shares issued solely upon a cashless exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired at the same time as the Warrant.
The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

e) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders
or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise as a book-entry statement evidencing that the applicable Warrant Shares have been issued to the Holder
or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the later of (A) the delivery to the Company of
the Notice of Exercise provided that such Notice of Exercise is received by 12 p.m. EST and the Trading Day after Notice of Exercise
for any Notice of Exercise received after 12 p.m. EST, and (B) the Companys receipt of payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
of the Warrant Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, unless such exercise
is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(d) (such date, the Warrant Shares Delivery
Date). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein
shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with
payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder,
if any, pursuant to Section 2(e)(vi) prior to the issuance of such Warrant Shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading
Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as
this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

2 Note to Form: Such amount to
equal 130% of the triggering purchase price under the purchase agreement.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Holder fails to make payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares pursuant to a Notice
of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within three (3) Trading
Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such
day) by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, then the Company will have the right to rescind such exercise,
unless such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(d). If the Company fails to cause
the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(e)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date,
then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(e)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon
such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal
to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
fees charged by the Transfer Agent, including any fees assessed to the Transfer Agent by Depository Trust Company (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

f) Holders
Exercise Limitations.

i.
Subject to the last sentence of this Section 2(f), the Company shall not effect the exercise of this Warrant, and the Holder shall not
have the right to exercise this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders
Affiliates and any other Persons acting as a group together) would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage)
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Person and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall
exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by such Person and its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company beneficially owned by such Person and its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible
preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes
of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K
or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the
Company or (z) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, where such request indicates that it is being
made pursuant to this Warrant, the Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including the Warrants, by the Holder and its Affiliates since the
date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the
Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage as specified in such notice; provided
that in no event shall such Maximum Percentage be increased to more than 19.99%; provided, further, that (i) any such increase in the
Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any
such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and not to any other holder of Warrants. For purposes of clarity, the shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially
owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to
exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with
respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(f) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion
of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section
2(f) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations set forth in
this Section 2(f) shall not apply to exercises of this Warrant that occur prior to and expressly in connection with the Companys
consummation of a Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Warrant Shares may not be issued pursuant
to this Warrant and this Warrant shall not be exercisable for Warrant Shares, to the extent that the issuance of the Warrant or the issuance
of Warrant Shares upon exercise thereof would be impermissible without stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the Trading Market.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

ii.
To the extent the exercise of any portion of this Warrant requires the Company to receive the approval of the Companys stockholders
pursuant to Trading Market, the Company shall not effect such exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any such portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, until such approval has been received by the Company.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (excluding a merger effected solely to change the Companys
name), (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment,
transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii)
any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has
been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or
group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding common and preferred
stock of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction) then, the Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(b) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

c) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares of Common Stock, if any) issued and outstanding.

d) Notice
to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3 (excluding
Section 3(c)), the Company shall promptly mail or deliver via electronic mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise
Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the
Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a
notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights, or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect
therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the
extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable
upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares
without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, this Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred, or assigned
without the consent of the Company.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 3(a).

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction, or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in
case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant (the Required Reserve Amount). The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant
shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment
for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable and free from all taxes,
liens, and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue).

e) Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company covenants and agrees that it will, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding, maintain
a duly qualified independent Transfer Agent. The Company represents and covenants that, within one (1) day from the Issuance Date, it
will either (i) issue irrevocable instructions to its current Transfer Agent (and each Transfer Agent appointed thereafter) to issue
certificates or book-entry statements, registered in the name of the Holder or its nominee, for the Warrant Shares in such amounts as
specified from time to time by the Holder to the Company upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions), or (ii) appoint a new Transfer Agent, at which time the Company (a) shall provide a copy of
its agreement with the new Transfer Agent to the Holder, and (b) issue Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the new Transfer Agent.
Such Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall be in a form acceptable to the Holder and shall include a provision to irrevocably
reserve the Required Reserve Amount. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall be signed by the Companys Transfer Agent
as of the date of the Issuance Date and by the Company. The Company warrants that, (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5(e), and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 5(g) (prior to registration
of the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or the date on which the Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold), will be given by the Company to its Transfer
Agent and that the Warrant Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent
provided in this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, (ii) it will not direct its Transfer Agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or
hinder its Transfer Agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate or book-entry statement
for Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to this Warrant as and when required by this Warrant
and the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or direct its Transfer Agent not to remove or impair, delay, and/or
hinder its Transfer Agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Warrant Shares issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to this Warrant as and when required
by this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Holders obligations to comply
with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon resale of the Warrant Shares. If a Holder provides the Company, at
the cost of the Holder, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance, and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to
the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Warrant Shares may be made without registration under the Securities Act and such sale
or transfer is effected, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Warrant Shares, promptly instruct its Transfer
Agent to issue one or more certificates or book-entry statements, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations
as specified by the Holder. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to
the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the
remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5(e) may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies,
to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required.

f) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers, or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights
hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it
of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

m) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. No waiver
shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

n) Severability.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest
extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the
original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s)
in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization
of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the
prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of
the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

o) Headings.
This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the
drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms on the Execution Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

p) Governing
Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation, and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action, or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company
at the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof.

q) Jurisdiction
and Venue. Each party hereby irrevocably submits that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Warrant,
shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for
such notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY
DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT. The parties agree that all dispute resolution proceedings
in accordance with this Section 5(q) may be conducted in a virtual setting.

r) Right
to Participate in Future Offerings.

i. For
a period of 12 months from the Execution Date, the Company shall not, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries not to, (x) contract with
any party for the issuance of any indebtedness that includes an equity component or that is convertible into, exercisable into or exchangeable
for equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or equity financing, or (y) issue any equity securities of the Company
or any of its subsidiary or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into or for equity securities of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries (including any indebtedness that includes an equity component or that is convertible into, exercisable into or exchangeable
for equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries) (a Future Offering), except pursuant to Excluded
Issuances (as defined below) and at-the-market offerings under Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act (none of which shall
be considered Future Offerings and to which the Holder Purchase Option (as defined below) shall not apply), unless it shall have first
delivered to the Holder written notice (the Future Offering Notice) describing generally the proposed Future Offering
and providing the Holder an option (the Holder Purchase Option) to purchase up to a number of securities to be issued
in such Future Offering equal to the product (such product, the Holders Allocation Portion) of (A) a fraction,
(1) the numerator of which is the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock acquired by the Holder under Purchase Notices and the number
of Warrant Shares issued, and (2) the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
of the Future Offering Notice, and (B) the total amount of securities to be issued in such Future Offering.

ii. The
Company will give to the Holder the Future Offering Notice any proposed Future Offering before such issuance or sale may be consummated.
The Future Offering Notice will set forth the Companys bona fide intention to offer such Future Offering and the material terms
and conditions of the proposed issuance or sale, including: (a) the number and description of securities proposed to be issued; (b) the
proposed issuance date, which shall be at least two (2) calendar days from the date of the Future Offering Notice; and (c) the proposed
purchase price per security and all other material terms of the offer or sale.

iii. Following
the expiration of the Holder Purchase Option Period, the Company will be free to complete the proposed issuance or sale of securities
in the Future Offering described in the Future Offering Notice with respect to which the Holder has declined to exercise the participation
right set forth in this Section 5(r) on terms no less favorable to the Company than those set forth in the Future Offering Notice
(except that the amount of securities to be issued or sold by the Company may be reduced); provided, that: (i) such issuance or sale
is closed within sixty (60) calendar days after the expiration of the Holder Purchase Option Period and (subject to the extension of
such period for a reasonable time not to exceed sixty (60) calendar days to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain any third-party
approvals); and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, the price at which the securities are sold is at least equal to or higher than the purchase
price described in the Future Offering Notice. In the event the Company has not sold such securities within such time period, the Company
may not thereafter issue or sell any such securities without first again offering such securities to the Holder in accordance with the
procedures set forth in this Section 5(r).

iv. The
closing of any purchase by the Holder pursuant to this Section 5(r) will be consummated concurrently with the consummation of
the issuance or sale described in the Future Offering Notice. The Holder will deliver to the Company the purchase price for the securities
purchased by it by certified or bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds, unless otherwise provided by the Company
or as otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of the Future Offering. Each party to the purchase and sale of the securities in the Future
Offering will take all such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the purchase and sale including, without limitation,
entering into such additional agreements as may be necessary or appropriate.

v. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Warrant, the Holder will not be entitled to participate in the issuance of Company equity securities
issued in connection with: (a) a grant to any existing or prospective consultant, employee, officer or director pursuant to any equity
incentive plan or arrangement; (b) the conversion or exchange of any securities of the Company outstanding as of the Issuance Date into
Common Stock, or the exercise of any then outstanding options, warrants or other rights to acquire such Common Stock provided that the
terms of such securities have not been amended after their issuance; (c) any securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions by the Company of the stock, assets, properties or business of any person, company or an owner of an asset in a business
synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds;
or (d) any issuance of warrants or other similar rights to purchase equity securities to lenders or other institutional investors in
any arms length transaction providing debt financing to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (Financing Warrants)
where such Financing Warrants, together with all then outstanding Financing Warrants, are not equal to and not convertible into an aggregate
of more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding Ordinary Shares on a fully diluted basis at the time of the issuance of such Financing
Warrants (Excluded Issuances).

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the Issuance Date.

AZITRA, INC. 

By:

Name:

Title: 

With
a copy to:

[___]

[___]

[___]

Attention:
[___]

E-mail
Address: [___]

Agreed & Accepted:

ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI
CAPITAL GP LLC

By:

Name:
Ashkan
Mapar

Title: Manager

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

AZITRA,
INC.

The
undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase __________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares)
of Azitra, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), evidenced by Warrant No. [___] (the Warrant).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be made as:

___________
a Cash Exercise with respect to ___________ Warrant Shares; and/or

___________
a Cashless Exercise with respect to ___________ Warrant Shares.

2.
Payment of Exercise Price. In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant
Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $__________ to the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3.
Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, ___________Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check
here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to : 

Check
here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC
Participant: 

DTC
Number: 

Account
Number: 

Date:
___________ _,

Name
of Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax
ID:

Facsimile:

E-mail
Address

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:
(Please
Print)

Address: (Please
Print)

Dated:_____________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

THIS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of April 24, 2025 (the Execution Date), is
entered into by and between AZITRA, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and ALUMNI CAPITAL LP,
a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes
to buy from the Company, up to $20,000,000 in shares of the Companys Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common
Stock).

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to a Party, any individual, a corporation or any other legal entity, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled
by or under common control with such Party. For purpose of this definition, the term control, as used with respect
to any corporation or other entity, means (a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities or other
ownership interests representing the equity voting stock or general partnership or membership interest of such corporation or other entity
or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such corporation or other entity, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.2(g).

Business
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Clearing
Costs shall mean all of the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to the deposit of the Purchase Notice
Shares.

Closing
shall mean any one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.2.

Closing
Date shall mean the date a Closing occurs.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026, or (ii)
the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Purchase Notice Shares pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price
of the Investment Amount; provided, however that the Company can terminate this Agreement at any time upon three days prior written notice.

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the initial paragraph of this Agreement.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Current
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice
Shares and Warrant Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting
or limiting delivery of the Purchase Notice Shares and Warrant Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without
restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account
with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

Execution
Date shall mean the date defined as such in the initial paragraph of this Agreement.

Investment
Amount shall initially mean $20,000,000.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is
material and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere
with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Minimum
Price shall mean the lower of (i) the official closing price of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (as reflected on
Nasdaq.com) on the trading day immediately preceding the Execution Date and (ii) the average official closing price of the Common Stock
on the Principal Market (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five (5) consecutive trading days ending on the Business Day immediately
preceding the Execution Date (in each case, subject to adjustment for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock
splits, or other similar transaction that occurs on or after the Execution Date).

Party
shall mean a party to this Agreement.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Pricing
Period the period commencing on the date that the Company delivers a Purchase Notice and ending on the earlier to occur of
(i) five (5) Business Days immediately following such date and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies the Company that it is prepared
to proceed with subject Closing.

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e., NYSE, AMEX, Nasdaq), or principal quotation systems (i.e., OTCQX, OTCQB,
OTC Pink, the OTC Bulletin Board), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal trading
platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase
Notice Amount shall mean the Purchase Notice Shares referenced in the Purchase Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price in
accordance with Section 2.1.

Purchase
Notice shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor setting
forth the Purchase Notice Shares which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Purchase
Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a).

Purchase
Notice Limitation shall mean an amount of Purchase Notice Shares that shall not exceed seven hundred fifty thousand dollars
($750,000) per Purchase Notice; provided, however, that such amount may be waived up to a total amount four million dollars ($4,000,000)
of Purchase Notice Shares per Purchase Notice upon the mutual agreement of the Investor and the Company.

Purchase
Notice Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all Purchase
Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase
Price shall mean the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the Pricing Period multiplied by 90%.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.3.

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
mean the Purchase Notice Shares, Warrant, and the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
and the Warrant.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Stockholder
Approval means: the approval of the holders of a majority of the Companys outstanding voting Common Stock that are
present or represented by proxy at a meeting, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the issuance of all of the
Purchase Notice Shares and issuance of the Warrant Shares in excess the Exchange Cap, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock
dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or
increases the Common Stock.

Subsidiary
means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement and the Warrant and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean the transfer agent of the Company as of the Execution Date, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as determined by the Investor or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as determined by the Investor, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported, the average of the highest
closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets
by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing
bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investor.
If the Company and the Investor are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved
in accordance with the procedures in Section 10.15. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend,
share split, share combination, recapitalization, or other similar transaction during such period.

Warrant
means those warrants issued by the Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, that are exercisable into shares of Common
Stock pursuant to the terms therein (Warrant Shares).

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section
2.1 PURCHASE NOTICES. Subject to the conditions set forth herein, at any time during the Commitment Period, the Company shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Purchase Notice from time to time,
to purchase the number of Purchase Notice Shares set forth on the Purchase Notice, provided that the amount of Purchase Notice Shares
shall not exceed the Purchase Notice Limitation applicable to such Purchase Notice or result in Investor exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation set forth in Section 7.2(g). The Company may not deliver a subsequent Purchase Notice until after the Closing of an
active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the Investors receipt
of a Purchase Notice, if the Investor notifies the Company that the Investors broker will not permit the Investor to sell shares
of Common Stock prior to the Investor actually depositing such Purchase Notice Shares from the Company into the Investors brokerage
account, then the Investor shall be permitted to decline to accept such Purchase Notice, and it shall be otherwise void ab initio.

Section
2.2 MECHANICS.

(a) PURCHASE
NOTICE. In accordance with Section 2.1 and 2.2(b) below, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth
in Section 7.2, the Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Shares as DWAC Shares alongside the delivery of each Purchase Notice
to the Investor by email or by overnight courier at its address set forth in Section 10.16. A Purchase Notice shall be deemed
delivered on (i) the Business Day that the Purchase Notice has been received by email or courier by the Investor if on or prior to 8:00
a.m. New York time or (ii) the next Business Day if after 8:00 a.m. New York time on a Business Day or at any time on a day which is
not a Business Day (the Purchase Notice Date).

(b) DELIVERY
OF PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. No later than 8:00 a.m. New York time on the Purchase Notice Date, the Company shall deliver the Purchase
Notice Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, in the event that the Investor is unable
to deposit any Purchase Notice Shares or other securities issued pursuant to this Agreement into the Brokerage Account of investor on
the same day of receipt thereof, the related Purchase Notice and securities shall be void ab initio (a Deposit Failure).
The Investor will promptly provide written notice to the Company of the Deposit Failure, and the Company will immediately take all necessary
and required actions under applicable laws to rescind the issuance of such Securities and return any and all funds received by the Investor
in consideration thereof, as it is expressly understood by the parties that unless the Investor is able to successfully deposit the Securities
into the Brokerage Account of Investor the Companys obligation to deliver the Securities on the Purchase Notice Date has not been
satisfied.

(c) CLOSING.
The Closing of a Purchase Notice shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after a Purchase Notice Date. For each Purchase Notice,
the Investor will pay the Purchase Notice Amount (less any reduction under the terms of Section 2.3 of the Purchase Notice Amount)
via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the applicable Purchase Notice Date,
or earlier upon the discretion of the Investor. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock. If the issuance
would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock
down to the nearest whole share. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America
or wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that
is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.

Section
2.3 PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. Until the Company has obtained the Stockholder Approval, the Company shall have no right to issue
and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase any Purchase Notice Shares if the issuance of aggregate Purchase Notice Shares
together with the Warrant Shares would exceed 19.99% of the aggregate amount of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the
Execution Date, i.e., 2,994,372, calculated in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, which number shall be reduced, on a
share-for-share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions
that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the applicable rules of the Principal Market (such
maximum number of shares, the Exchange Cap), subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock,
provided further that, the Exchange Cap will not apply solely to the extent that (and only for so long as) the Purchase Price shall equal
or exceed the Minimum Price (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all other times during the term of this Agreement, unless the Stockholder Approval
referred to above is obtained).

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants the following to the Company:

Section
3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for
legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed
by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware with full right and limited partnership or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation,
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or
agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or
constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture,
instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval
of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation
to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf
of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. The Investor is not purchasing or
acquiring the Securities as a result of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D)
in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.10 No Disqualification Events. None of the Investor, any of its predecessors,
any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Investor participating in the offering contemplated hereby,
any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Investors outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power
(each, an Investor Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule
506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered
by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Investor has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Investor Covered
Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

Section
3.11 RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS. The Investor understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the
Investor to acquire the Securities. The Investor understands that (i) the Securities may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred
unless (A) registered pursuant to the Securities Act or (B) an exemption exists permitting such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred
without such registration; and (ii) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms
of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the
Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require
compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

Section
3.12 STATUTORY UNDERWRITER STATUS. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and
a selling stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein to the extent required by
applicable law and to the extent the prospectus is related to the resale of the Securities.

Section
3.13 RESALES OF SECURITIES. The Investor represents, warrants and covenants that it will resell the Purchase Notice Shares
only (i) pursuant to the Registration Statement in which the resale of such Securities is registered under the Securities Act, in a manner
described under the caption Plan of Distribution in such Registration Statement in substantially the form annexed hereto,
and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation,
any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act, or (ii) in compliance with some other exemption under the Securities
Act.

Section
3.14 RESIDENCY. The Investor is an entity formed in the State of Delaware.

Section
3.15 EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Investor is solely relying on the Registration Statement and the related prospectus,
and the SEC Documents, in determining whether to acquire the Purchase Notice Shares.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date:

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
the Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of
the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION. As of the Execution Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, of which 14,979,354 shares are issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding. The Company has not issued any capital stock since
its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the
Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock
purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as otherwise set forth herein and/or in the SEC Documents, no Person has any right
of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other
securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise,
conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar
agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between
or among any of the Companys stockholders.

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such
registration. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the Execution Date,
received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Documents,
the Company is and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing
and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1)
year preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Documents) and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of
their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when
filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements,
to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject,
in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting
on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute
material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in
effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Purchase Notice
Shares, the Warrant and the Warrant Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the
Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound
or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default
under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order
of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its
obligations under the Transaction Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA, Nasdaq or state securities filings that may be required to be
made by the Company or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation
made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor
herein.

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not
been disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents.

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations,
SEC inquiries, FINRA inquiries, Nasdaq inquiries, or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or,
to the actual knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any
written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, SEC inquiry, FINRA inquiry, Nasdaq inquiry or investigation, which would
have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award against the Company has been issued by or, to
the actual knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
There has not been, and to the actual knowledge of the Company, there is no pending investigation by the SEC involving the Company or
any current officer or director of the Company.

Section
4.10 ACKNOWLEDGMENT REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE OF SECURITIES. Based solely on the Investors representation
and warranties, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director
of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the
Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in
connection with the Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase
of the Purchase Notice Shares. The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

Section
4.11 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities act) in connection with the offer or sale
of the Securities.

Section
4.12 NO INTEGRATED OFFERING. None of the Company, its Affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without
limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company
are listed or designated, but excluding stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti-dilution
provisions in connection therewith.

Section
4.13 PLACEMENT AGENT; OTHER COVERED PERSONS. The Company has not engaged any Person to act as a placement agent, underwriter,
broker, dealer, or finder in connection with the sale of the Securities hereunder. The Company is not aware of any Person that has been
or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Investor in connection with the sale of any Securities.

Section
4.14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT. At the time of the filing of each Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, the Company
shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement of a material fact in such Registration Statement, as the case may be, or omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, and there shall be no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective Registration
Statement.

Section
4.15 EXEMPT OFFERING. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor above, the offer, issue,
and sale of the Securities hereunder are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act, and are exempt from registration and qualification under the registration, permit, or qualification requirements of all applicable
state securities laws.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS
OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any Affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it, will execute any short sales during the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period.
For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of the Purchase Notice of such number of shares
of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under the Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a short sale. The Investor shall, until
such time as the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the
terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Transaction Documents.

Section
5.2 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock
will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and
the Principal Market.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation
and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if
required) and to comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of
the Principal Market.

Section
6.2 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction
Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report).
The Company shall use its best efforts to permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current
Report at least one (1) Business Day prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such
comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report
within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

Section
6.3 FILING OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company shall file with the SEC, within sixty (60) days from the Execution Date,
a registration statement on Form S-1 covering the offering and sale of the Purchase Notice Shares and Warrant Shares (the Registration
Statement). The Registration Statement shall relate to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms
and conditions of, this Agreement, and disclosing all information relating to the transactions contemplated hereby required to be disclosed
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus, including, without limitation, information required to be disclosed in the
section captioned Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to permit
the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement within a reasonable time prior to their filing with the SEC, and the
Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall also furnish to the Company such information regarding
itself, the Companys securities beneficially owned by the Investor, and the intended method of distribution thereof, including
any arrangement between the Investor and any other person or relating to the sale or distribution of the Companys securities,
as shall be reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and the Registration
Statement, and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and
filing of the Current Report and the Registration Statement with the SEC. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, the
Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact in the Registration Statement
(as supplemented by the Registration Statement) or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and there shall be
no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective registration statement filed or any post-effective amendment or
prospectus which is a part of the foregoing. The Company shall promptly give the Investor notice of any event (including the passage
of time) which makes the aforementioned prospectus not to be in compliance with Section 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act and shall use
its best efforts thereafter to file with the SEC any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, or amended prospectus in
order to comply with Section 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act.

Section
6.4 ISSUANCE OF COMMITMENT WARRANT. In consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of, and performance under
this Agreement, upon each issuance of Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor under a Purchase Notice, the Company shall also issue a
Warrant simultaneously to the Investor, and in each case, such Warrant shall be exercisable into an amount of shares equal to ten percent
(10%) of the number of shares of Common Stock being purchased pursuant to the subject Purchase Notice, and shall have an exercise price
equal to 130% of the Purchase Price of the subject Purchase Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Warrants shall be fully earned
as of the Execution Date.

Section
6.5 STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Company (i) will
take all actions necessary, including without limitation the filing of a proposal in a proxy statement, to obtain Stockholder Approval
prior to the issuance of any Purchase Notice Shares, Warrants, Warrant Shares or other securities under this Agreement that constitutes
an issuance in excess of the Exchange Cap and such approval shall expressly allow for issuances
of securities under this Agreement and Warrant to exceed the Exchange Cap, and (ii) will take all commercially reasonable actions
to obtain such the Stockholder Approval prior to the effectiveness of the initial Registration Statement.
In the event that each such Stockholder Approval is not obtained by the Company prior to the effectiveness of the initial Registration
Statement required under Section 6.3, such failure will result in liquidated damages of $25,000 being immediately due and payable to
the Investor at the Companys election in the form of cash payment or shares of Common Stock in lieu thereof priced as of the day
of such breach.

Section
6.6 RIGHT OF PARTICIPATION FOR PRIOR INVESTORS. The Company will take all actions necessary to ensure that it does not breach
the terms of its February 6, 2025 financing regarding the rights of investors party to such transaction.

ARTICLE
VII

CONDITIONS
TO DELIVERY OF

PURCHASE
NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. The obligation of the Company
to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a) ACCURACY
OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) PERFORMANCE
BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to each Closing.

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE THE PURCHASE NOTICE SHARES. The obligation of the Investor
hereunder to purchase the Purchase Notice Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective for the offering
and sale of the Purchase Notice Shares and Warrant Shares and (i) the Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued
or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the
effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other
suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or the related prospectus shall exist. The
Investor shall not have received any notice from the Company that the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and/or any prospectus
supplement or amendment thereto fails to meet the requirements of Section 5(b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act.

(b) ACCURACY
OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically
made as of a particular date).

(c) PERFORMANCE
BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company.

(d) NO
INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) ADVERSE
CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

(f) NO
SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or
the Principal Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and
shall not have been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for
any reason, of the trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return
to the Company any amount of Purchase Notice Shares associated with such Purchase Notice, and the Investment Amount with respect to such
Purchase Notice shall be refunded accordingly.

(g) BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Purchase Notice Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such
shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned
by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined
in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), if the amount of Common Stock outstanding
is greater or lesser on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the
amount of Common Stock outstanding on such issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor,
when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
following a purchase on any such Closing Date. If the Investor claims that compliance with a Purchase Notice would result in the Investor
owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company the Investor will provide the Company with evidence
of the Investors then existing shares beneficially or deemed beneficially owned. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to a Purchase Notice, provided that, the Investor may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation up to 9.99%, with the Companys
consent that shall not be unreasonably withheld, upon sixty-one (61) days prior written notice to the Company. To the extent that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation would be exceeded in connection with a Closing, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the
Investor shall be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the number of shares of Common Stock in the Purchase
Notice shall be appropriately reduced.

(h) PRINCIPAL
MARKET REGULATION. The issuance of the Purchase Notice Shares together with the issuance of the Warrants and Warrant Shares shall
not exceed the Exchange Cap if applicable, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock unless Stockholder
Approval is obtained, provided further that, the Exchange Cap will not apply solely to the extent that (and only for so long as) the
Purchase Price shall equal or exceed the Minimum Price (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Exchange Cap shall be applicable
for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at all other times during the term of this Agreement, unless
the Stockholder Approval referred to above is obtained).

(i) NO
KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement to be suspended or the related prospectus or any prospectus supplement thereto failing to meet the requirement
of Sections 5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days following
the Business Day on which such Purchase Notice is deemed delivered).

(j) NO
VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The issuance of the Purchase Notice Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval
requirements of the Principal Market.

(k) DWAC
ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and is not subject to a DTC chill.

(l) SEC
DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC.

ARTICLE
VIII

LEGENDS

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Purchase
Notice Shares.

Section
8.2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IX

indemnification

Section
9.1 Each party (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers,
directors, employees, and authorized agents (an Indemnified Party) from and against any claim or suit by third parties
for Damages resulting from or arising out of (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform
any covenant or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or related prospectus, or
the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation by the Indemnifying Party
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act
or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred by the Indemnified Party except to the extent that such Damages result primarily
from the Indemnified Partys failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys
negligent, recklessness or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity
agreement shall not apply to any Damages of the Investor to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by the Company in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished to the Company by the Indemnified Party for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof, the related
prospectus, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented).

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 FORCE MAJEURE. No party shall be liable for any failure to fulfill its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster, labor disturbances, terrorist attack,
riots or wars, and any action taken, or restrictions or limitations imposed, by government or public authorities.

Section
10.2 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.

Section
10.3 ASSIGNMENT. The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and
their respective successors. Neither any of the Transaction Documents nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be
assigned by either Party to any other Person.

Section
10.4 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated by Article
IX.

Section
10.5 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time (subject to the last sentence in this Section 10.5 below)
by written notice to the Investor. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period;
or (ii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person
commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property
or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other terms of this
Agreement, the Company agrees not to terminate the Agreement after submitting a Purchase Notice and before delivering the related Warrant
that is due and owed to the Investor under the Purchase Notice.

Section
10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the
Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters.

Section
10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each
Party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such Party incidental to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. The Company
shall pay the Clearing Costs associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees (including any fees required for same-day processing
of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes, and other taxes and duties levied on the Company in connection with
the delivery of any Securities to the Investor.

Section
10.8 COUNTERPARTS AND EXECUTION. The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed
by less than all of the Parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the Parties actually
executing such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Transaction Documents may be
delivered to the other Party hereto by email of a copy of the Transaction Documents bearing the signature of the Party so delivering
the Transaction Documents. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be considered signed when the signature of a Party is delivered
by .PDF, DocuSign or other generally accepted electronic signature. Such .PDF, DocuSign, or other generally accepted electronic signature
shall be treated in all respects as having the same effect as an original signature. The signatories to this Agreement each represent
and warrant that they are duly authorized by the Parties with the power and authority to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions
thereof.

Section
10.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such
severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any Party.

Section
10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
10.11 NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AGAINST DRAFTER. The Parties acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity to review each
and every provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and comment. The Parties agree with
each and every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that the rule of construction that a contract be construed against the
drafter, if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction of this Agreement.

Section
10.12 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are
not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.13 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both
Parties hereto and no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
10.14 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law or for legal compliance, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required
by law, in which such case the disclosing Party shall provide the other Party with prior notice of such public statement. The Investor
acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts, as that term is defined by Item
601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration
statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials
as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

Section
10.15 DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 

(a) Purchase
Notice Limit, or Purchase Price.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to the Purchase Notice Limitation or Purchase Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation,
a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Investor (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute
to the other Party via facsimile or electronic mail within five (5) Business Days after the Party learned of the circumstances giving
rise to such dispute. If the Investor and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Purchase Notice Limitation,
or Purchase Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company
or the Investor (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Investor (as the case may be), then the Company and the Investor
may select an independent, reputable investment bank as mutually agreed upon to resolve such dispute. In the event that the Parties cannot
agree upon such an investment bank within ten (10) Business Days of the date of the initial notice, the Parties shall submit the dispute
to arbitration pursuant to Section 10.15(b).

(ii) The
Investor and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the above and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such investment bank was selected (the Dispute
Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred
to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Investor or
the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the Party who fails
to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit
any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve
such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission
Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Investor or otherwise requested by such investment bank,
neither the Company nor the Investor shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment
bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The
Company and the Investor shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the
Investor of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and
expenses of such investment bank shall be borne by the losing Party, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall
be final and binding upon all Parties. The terms of this Agreement and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the
basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby
expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made
by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply
such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Agreement and any other applicable Transaction Documents.

(iv) Both
the Company and the Investor expressly acknowledge and agree that (i) this Section 10.15(a) constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between
the Company and the Investor (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 5701, et seq. of the Delaware Code Title 10 with
respect to the dispute described in Section 10.15(a)(i) and that both the Company and the Investor are authorized to apply for an order
to compel arbitration pursuant to Delaware Code Title 10 5703 in order to compel compliance with this Section 10.15(a).

(b) ARBITRATION.
Subject to Section 10.15(a), any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction
Document (including whether any such dispute is arbitrable), shall be determined by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration
Association (AAA) pursuant to the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the filing of the relevant
arbitration demand. The parties will cooperate with the AAA through its case management staff in choosing a single arbitrator from the
AAAs list of neutral arbitrators and in otherwise proceeding with the arbitration. Any award resulting from an arbitration initiated
pursuant to this Agreement shall be enforceable in courts of applicable jurisdiction. The Parties consent to the jurisdiction of the
Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for all purposes in connection
with any such arbitration. The Parties further waive any right to any jury trial in any action, and as to all claims hereunder. Any arbitration
pursuant to this section shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the
arbitrator may disclose the content or results of any arbitration proceeding conducted pursuant to this Agreement without the prior written
consent of both Parties. Each party will be responsible for 50% of any administrative costs imposed by the AAA and the arbitrators
fees. Each party may choose, at its own expense, to retain a court reporter for the arbitration hearing. If both parties decide to use
a court reporter for the arbitration hearing, the parties shall jointly retain a court reporter and split evenly the court reporters
fees. The prevailing party in any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

(c) The
Company and the Investor agree that all dispute resolution proceedings in accordance with this Section 10.15 may be conducted
in a virtual setting.

Section
10.16 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service
with charges prepaid for next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF (with read receipt or a written
confirmation of delivery or receipt), addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such Party shall have specified most recently
by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first Business Day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a
Business Day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Address:

21
Business Park Drive

Branford,
CT 06405

Telephone:
(203) 646-6446

E-mail:
salva@azitrainc.com

Attn:
Francisco D. Salva, CEO

If
to the Investor:

Address:

80
S.W. 8th Street Suite 2000

Miami,
FL 33130

Telephone:
917-793-1173

E-mail:
operations@alumnicapital.com

Either
Party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this clause by giving prior written notice of such changed
address to the other party hereto.

**
Signature Page Follows **

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the Execution Date.

AZITRA,
INC.

By:

Name:
Francisco
D. Salva

Title:
CEO

ALUMNI
CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI
CAPITAL GP LLC

By:

Name:
Ashkan
Mapar

Title:
Manager

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF PURCHASE NOTICE

TO:
ALUMNI CAPITAL GP LLC

We
refer to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between AZITRA,
INC., and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We
hereby:

1)
Give you notice that we require you to purchase __________ Purchase Notice Shares.

2)
Certify that, as of the Execution Date, the conditions set forth in Section 7 of the Agreement are satisfied.

AZITRA,
INC.

By:

Name:
Francisco
D. Salva

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Date:
[],
2025

EXHIBIT
B

WARRANT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Azitra Announces Share
Purchase Agreement for up to $20 Million in Partnership with Alumni Capital to Fund Clinical Pipeline 

BRANFORD, Conn. April 24, 2025 
Azitra, Inc. (NYSE American: AZTR), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative therapies for
precision dermatology, today announced that it has entered into a share purchase agreement (SPA) with Alumni Capital LP (Alumni), an
institutional investor. Azitra anticipates that this partnership will provide Azitra with a flexible source of funding, enabling the
Company to progress its pipeline of live biotherapeutic precision products delivered topically to treat rare and severe dermatologic
conditions.

As Azitra works towards key clinical milestones,
the Company anticipates the SPA will allow the Company to minimize dilution while creating and sustaining shareholder value, enabling
Azitra to be judicious and plan for the timing and amount of any equity sales, which will be critical as it strategically develops its
pipeline focused on Netherton Syndrome, a rare skin disorder and EGFRi associated rash, which impacts approximately 150,000 people in
the U.S.

Under the terms of the agreement, Azitra has the
right to sell, and Alumni has the obligation to purchase up to $20 million worth of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common
stock over a 20-month period at prices that are based on the market price at the time of each sale to Alumni. Azitra, at its sole discretion,
controls the timing and amount of all sales of common stock and warrants associated with the SPA, subject to the limitations contained
in the SPA.

The issuance of the shares of common stock to Alumni
is being made pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the federal and state securities laws. Pursuant to the SPA,
the Company must register Alumnis resale of the shares of the Companys common stock purchased. The exercise of the warrants
will be subject to shareholder approval.

This press release does not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities in this offering, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state
or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Azitra, Inc.

Azitra, Inc. is a clinical
stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing innovative therapies for precision dermatology. The Companys lead program,
ATR-12, uses an engineered strain of S. epidermidis designed to treat Netherton syndrome, a rare, chronic skin disease with no
approved treatment options. Netherton syndrome may be fatal in infancy with those living beyond a year having profound lifelong challenges.
The ATR-12 program includes a Phase 1b clinical trial in adult Netherton syndrome patients. ATR-04, Azitras additional advanced
program, ATR-04, utilizes another engineered strain of S. epidermidis for the treatment of EGFR inhibitor (EGFRi)
associated rash. Azitra has received Fast Track designation from the FDA for EGFRi associated rash, which impacts approximately 150,000
people in the U.S. Azitra has an open IND for its ATR-04 program in patients with EGFRi associated rash. The ATR-12 and ATR-04 programs
were developed from Azitras proprietary platform of engineered proteins and topical live biotherapeutic products that includes
a microbial library comprised of approximately 1,500 bacterial strains. The platform is augmented by artificial intelligence and machine
learning technology that analyzes, predicts, and helps screen the library of strains for drug like molecules. For more information, please
visit https://azitrainc.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements may
be identified by words such as aims, anticipates, believes, could, estimates,
expects, forecasts, goal, intends, may, plans, possible,
potential, seeks, will, and variations of these words or similar expressions that are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. Any such statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed
to be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding the expected timing
of the abstract detailing the Phase 1/2 clinical trial for our ATR-04 program, the initiation of dosing in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial
for our ATR-04 program, and statements about our clinical and preclinical programs, and corporate and clinical/preclinical strategies.

Any forward-looking
statements in this press release are based on current expectations, estimates and projections only as of the date of this release and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth
in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to that, we may not satisfy
the conditions required in the SPA to sell shares to Alumni, we may not successfully sell any shares of common stock to Alumni, we may
fail to successfully complete our Phase 1b trial for ATR-12 program; we may experience delays in the dosing of our first patient in our
Phase 1/2 trial for our ATR-04 program; our product candidates may not be effective; there may be delays in regulatory approval or changes
in regulatory framework that are out of our control; our estimation of addressable markets of our product candidates may be inaccurate;
we may fail to timely raise additional required funding; more efficient competitors or more effective competing treatment may emerge;
we may be involved in disputes surrounding the use of our intellectual property crucial to our success; we may not be able to attract
and retain key employees and qualified personnel; earlier study results may not be predictive of later stage study outcomes; and we are
dependent on third-parties for some or all aspects of our product manufacturing, research and preclinical and clinical testing. Additional
risks concerning Azitras programs and operations are described or incorporated by reference in our annual report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on February 24, 2025. Azitra explicitly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except to the extent
required by law.

Contact

Norman Staskey

Chief Financial Officer

staskey@azitrainc.com

Investor Relations

Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.

Jon Nugent

205-566-3026

jnugent@tiberend.com

Media Relations

Tiberend Strategic Advisors, Inc.

Casey McDonald

646-577-8520

cmcdonald@tiberend.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aztr-20250424.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aztr-20250424_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aztr-20250424_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41705

Entity Registrant Name AZITRA,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001701478

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4478536

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 21
Business Park Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Branford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06405

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 646-6446

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock: Par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol AZTR

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://azitrainc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aztr-20250424.xsd 
aztr-20250424_lab.xml 
aztr-20250424_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-006043-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001701478 

2025-04-24 
2025-04-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001701478 
8-K 
2025-04-24 
AZITRA, INC. 
DE 
001-41705 
46-4478536 
21 Business Park Drive 
Branford 
CT 
06405 
(203) 
646-6446 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock: Par value $0.0001 
AZTR 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>