<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001062993-25-001029.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001062993-25-001029.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123173522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-25-001029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K12B
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lithium Argentina AG
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001440972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K12B
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38350
		FILM NUMBER:		25551082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		DAMMSTRASSE 19
		CITY:			ZUG
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6300
		BUSINESS PHONE:		778-656-5820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 300 - 900 WEST HASTINGS STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 1E6

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Western Lithium USA Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140521
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K12B
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k12b.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K12B
<TEXT>
Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp.: Form 8-K12B - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 6-K

REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 

UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the month of: January 2025

Commission file number: 001-38350

Lithium Argentina AG

(Translation of Registrant's name into English)

Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland

(Address of Principal Executive Office)

900 West Hastings Street, Suite 300,

Vancouver, British Columbia,

Canada V6C 1E5

(North American Mailing Address)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover:

Form 20-F [X] Form 40-F [ ]

EXPLANATORY NOTE

On January 23, 2025, Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp., a British Columbia corporation ("LAAC"), completed the previously disclosed plan of arrangement under the laws of the province of British Columbia (the "Arrangement") involving LAAC's continuation from the province of British Columbia into Zug, Canton of Zug, Switzerland as a Swiss share corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the name "Lithium Argentina AG" ("Lithium Argentina") and ceasing to be governed by the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), as amended (the "BCBCA") resulting in the shareholders of LAAC continuing to hold all the issued and outstanding common registered shares of Lithium Argentina (the "Continuation").

The Arrangement was approved by LAAC's shareholders at a special shareholder's meeting held on January 17, 2025. The terms and conditions of the Arrangement were approved by final order of the Supreme Court of British Columbia, the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") and New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"). LAAC obtained authorization from the Registrar of Companies under section 308 of the BCBCA to continue the corporation under the laws of Switzerland pursuant to article 161 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on International Private Law and under articles 620 et seqq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations, as a Swiss share corporation domiciled in Zug, Canton of Zug, Switzerland.

Upon the Continuation becoming effective on January 23, 2025, LAAC shareholders continued to hold common registered shares with a nominal/par value per common share of US$0.01 of Lithium Argentina (each, a "Continued Share") with no further action by the shareholders. The number of Continued Shares issued and outstanding immediately following the completion of the Continuation remained the same as the number of common shares of LAAC ("LAAC Shares") that were issued and outstanding immediately before the Continuation being effective. The number of LAAC Shares a shareholder owned (or has rights to acquire) and the percentage ownership such shareholder had of LAAC immediately prior to the Continuation did not change as a result of the Continuation. Each pre-Continuation shareholder continued to hold that number of Continued Shares in Lithium Argentina that is equal to the number of LAAC Shares such shareholder hold in Lithium Argentina immediately prior to the effective time of the Continuation.

The LAAC Shares were registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). As a result of the Arrangement and Continuation, Lithium Argentina became a successor issuer to the LAAC under the Exchange Act and will succeed to the LAAC's reporting obligations thereunder. Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act, the Continued Shares are deemed to be registered under paragraph (b) of Section 12 of the Exchange Act.The LAAC Shares are listed for trading on the TSX and NYSE. After completion of the Arrangement, the Continuation and its name change, the Continued Shares will continue trading on the TSX and NYSE under the new symbol "LAR". This Form 6-K is being furnished by Lithium Argentina to the Securities and Exchange Commission as notice that Lithium Argentina is the successor issuer to LAAC under Rule 12g-3 of the Exchange Act, as required by Rule 12g-3(f).

Description of Common Shares of Lithium Argentina AG

The following description of Lithium Argentina's share capital is a summary. This summary is not complete and is qualified by reference to the provisions of the Swiss Code of Obligations ("CO") and is subject to the complete text of Lithium Argentina's articles of association (the "Articles"), which is filed as Exhibit 3.1, to this Current Report on Form 6-K. 

Share Capital

Following the Continuation being effective, Lithium Argentina's (nominal) share capital (Aktienkapital) amounts to US$1,619,322.34, consisting of 161,932,234 Continued Shares with a nominal/par value per share of US$0.01 each as set forth in its Articles. The share capital is fully paid-in (which term, when used herein, means that the entirety of such share's issue price has been fully paid to Lithium Argentina). Lithium Argentina has one class of shares outstanding, being the Continued Shares. The Continued Shares are not convertible into shares of any other class or series.

The CO provides three methods for increasing a company's share capital: (i) ordinary capital increase, (ii) increase within the capital band, and (iii) increase from conditional capital.

Ordinary Capital Increase, Capital Band and Conditional Share Capital

While an ordinary capital increase requires a resolution by the general meeting of shareholders and must be carried out by the board of directors within six months of the respective general meeting in order to become effective. Under Swiss law, in the case of subscription and increase against payment of contributions in cash, a resolution passed by an absolute majority of the voting rights represented at the general meeting of shareholders is required. In the case of subscription and increase against contributions in kind, or to fund acquisitions in kind, or by way of set-off with a debt of Lithium Argentina, when shareholders' statutory subscription rights or advance subscription rights are limited or withdrawn, or where transformation of freely disposable equity into share capital is involved, a resolution passed by two-thirds of the voting rights represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the absolute majority of the nominal/ par value of the shares represented is required.

Further, the shareholders may authorize the board of directors, by a resolution passed by two-thirds of the voting rights represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the absolute majority of the nominal par value of the shares represented at such meeting (such qualified majority, "Important Resolution"), to increase the share capital by a specific aggregate nominal amount, up to a maximum of 50% of the share capital,

within the capital band (Kapitalband), to be utilized by the board of directors within a period determined by the shareholders but not exceeding five years from the date of the shareholder approval; or 

from the conditional capital (bedingtes Kapital) for the purpose of issuing shares in connection with, among other things, (i) option and conversion rights granted in connection with warrants and convertible instruments of the company or one of its subsidiaries or (ii) grants of rights to employees, members of the board of directors or consultants or its subsidiaries or other persons providing services to the company or a subsidiary to subscribe for new shares (conversion or option rights),

without further shareholders' approval, provided the company's articles of association delegate such authority to the board of directors (see section "Capital Band" and "Conditional Capital"). 

Lithium Argentina's Capital Band 

Under Article 4 of the Articles, the board of directors of Lithium Argentina (the "Board") is authorized to conduct at any time until January 17, 2030, at the latest, once or several times an increase of the share capital to a upper limit of US$1,781,254.57 by issuing a maximum of 16,193,223 fully paid-in registered shares with a nominal value of US$0.01 each or to reduce the share capital down to a lower limit of US$1,457,390.11 by cancelling up to 16,193,223 fully paid-in shares. Within the capital band, the Board shall also be authorized to effect the increase/reduction of the share capital by increasing/reducing the par value of the existing Continued Shares or by a simultaneous reduction and re-increase of the share capital, in each case within the limits of the capital band. 

If the share capital increases as a result of an increase from conditional capital, the upper and lower limits of the capital band will increase in an amount corresponding to such increase in the share capital.

Within the capital band, shares may also, but not exclusively, be issued or cancelled in the event of a merger, consolidation (merger with one surviving entity), acquisition, public takeover or any other similar transaction (a "Strategic Transaction")

In the event of a share issuance within Lithium Argentina's capital band, the Board, as set forth in the Articles, will determine all relevant terms of the issuance, including the date of the issuance, the issuance price, the type of contribution, the beginning date for dividend entitlement, and, subject to the Articles and applicable Swiss law, the conditions for the exercise of subscription rights with respect to the issuance. After January 17, 2030, the capital band will be available to the Board for issuance of additional fully-paid in registered shares only if the authorization is reapproved by Lithium Argentina's shareholders. Shareholders may also approve a renewal or change to the capital band before such time.

In the case of a share issuance based on Lithium Argentina's capital band, Lithium Argentina's shareholders have subscription rights to obtain newly issued registered shares in an amount proportional to the nominal/par value of the Continued Shares they already hold. However, the Board may withdraw or limit these subscription rights in the following circumstances:

(a) if the issue price of the new shares is determined by reference to the market price;

(b) for a Strategic Transaction or any acquisitions of companies, parts of companies or participations, royalty interests, real property, or for the financing of new investment projects of Lithium Argentina or its group companies, for the acquisition of products, intellectual property or licenses by or for investment projects of Lithium Argentina or any of its group companies, or, in each case, for the financing or refinancing of such transactions;

(c) for participation of partners in the context of strategic partnerships;

(d) for a capital raise in a fast and flexible manner or that serves to achieve a strategic objective of Lithium Argentina and that would not be possible without the exclusion of the subscription rights of existing shareholders, or only with great difficulty or delay, or on significantly less favorable terms;

(e) for purposes of broadening the shareholder constituency of Lithium Argentina in certain financial or investor markets or for purposes of the participation of strategic partners including financial investors;

(f) in connection with listing of new shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges;

(g) for purposes of granting an over-allotment option (Greenshoe) in a placement or sale of shares to the respective initial purchaser(s) or underwriter(s); or

(h) for the participation of members of the Board, members of the executive management, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons performing services for the benefit of Lithium Argentina or any of its group companies, including arrangers and investment banks.

Lithium Argentina's Conditional Capital 

Conditional Capital For Equity Incentive Plans 

Under Article 5 of the Articles, Lithium Argentina's share capital may be increased by a maximum amount of US$161,932.23 through the direct or indirect issuance of no more than 16,193,223 fully paid-in registered shares to the members of the Board and to the officers, employees, contractors or consultants of Lithium Argentina or any of its group companies, or other persons providing services to Lithium Argentina or any of its group companies (the "Beneficiaries"). The issuance of fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of US$ 0.01 each pursuant to Article 5 of the Articles may also occur as a result of the voluntary or automatic settlement, conversion or exercise of rights or the mandatory exercise of obligations to acquire new shares granted to, or im-posed on, respectively, any of the Beneficiaries. 

Subscription and advance subscription rights of shareholders are excluded for this conditional capital increase. Any such issuance of new shares or voluntary, automatic or mandatory exercise of rights or obligations to acquire shares shall be under one or more plans, agreements, regulations or resolutions to be issued by the Board or, to the extent delegated to it, a committee of the Board. The Board will determine all details of the terms of issue, such as each amount of issue, date of dividend entitlement, and kind of contributions. Any such issuance of new shares may be made at a price per share below the applicable stock exchange price and any such rights or obligations to acquire shares may be granted or imposed on, respectively, below their intrinsic value.

Conditional Capital For Financing Purposes

Under the Articles, Lithium Argentina's share capital may be increased by a maximum amount of US$161,932.23 through the direct or indirect issuance of no more than 16,193,223 registered shares that are to be fully paid-in and have a par value of US$0.01 each, (i) further to the exercise of conversion, exchange, option, warrant, subscription or other rights to acquire shares, or (ii) through obligations to acquire shares that are or were granted to or imposed upon shareholders or third parties alone or in connection with bonds, notes, loans, options, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations of Lithium Argentina or any of its group companies (collectively, "FinancialInstruments").

Subscription rights of shareholders shall be excluded with respect to new shares issued in connection with the Financial Instruments. The then current owners of such Financial Instruments shall be entitled to acquire the new shares issued upon conversion, exchange or exercise of the Financial Instruments. The main terms of the Financial Instruments shall be determined by the Board.

The Board is authorized to limit or withdraw advance subscription rights of shareholders in connection with the issuance of Financial Instruments by Lithium Argentina or one of its group companies if (i) there is a valid reason pursuant to Articles 4(4) of the Articles as listed in the section "Capital Band" or (ii) the Financial Instruments are issued on appropriate terms or (iii) in connection with the 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 as per the indenture (the "Indenture") dated December 6, 2021, as amended. If the advance subscription rights are neither granted directly nor indirectly by the Board, the following shall apply: (x) the Financial Instruments shall be issued on appropriate terms; and (y) the Financial Instruments may be converted, exchanged or exercised during a maximum period of 30 years from the date of the relevant issuance of or entry into the Financial Instruments.

Subscription Rights and Advance Subscription Rights

According to the CO, if new shares of a company are issued - whether pursuant to shareholders' approving an increase of the ordinary share capital or the Board making use of the capital band or conditional capital - the existing shareholders will have subscription rights (or advance subscription rights with respect to the issuance of convertible or similar instruments) in relation to such shares or rights pro rata to the respective nominal/par value of their existing participation.

If the general meeting of shareholders has approved the creation of the capital band and/or conditional capital, it may thereby delegate the decision whether to withdraw or limit the subscription rights (or advance subscription rights with respect to the issuance of convertible or similar instruments) for cause to the Board. Lithium Argentina's Articles provides for this delegation in respect to the issuance of new shares out of the capital band and the conditional capital for financing purposes (see description above in sections "Capital Band" and "Conditional Capital"). Furthermore, the Articles set forth, that shareholders do not have subscription rights and advance subscription rights with respect to shares issued pursuant to Lithium Argentina's equity incentive plan out of the conditional share capital for equity incentive.

Repurchases and Purchases of Registered Shares

The CO imposes restrictions on a company's ability to hold or repurchase its own registered shares. Lithium Argentina and its subsidiaries may only repurchase own shares if sufficient freely distributable reserves are available. The total nominal value of all registered shares held by Lithium Argentina and its subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of Lithium Argentina's registered share capital. Pursuant to Swiss law, where shares are acquired in connection with a transfer restriction set out in the articles of association of a company, the foregoing upper limit is 20%. We currently do not have any transfer restriction in our Articles. Shares repurchased under such authorization will be cancelled at the next general meeting with the approval of shareholders holding a relative majority of the votes cast or, if the authorization is included in the capital band provision, upon the Board effecting the cancellation based on the authority granted to it in the capital band provision. Repurchased shares held by Lithium Argentina, or its subsidiaries do not carry any rights to vote at a shareholders meeting but are entitled to the economic benefits generally associated with such shares.

Other classes or Series of Shares

The Board may not create any new classes of shares with privileged voting rights unless approved by an Important Resolution. Further, following the Continuation, the Board may not create any new classes of shares with special rights or restrictions (other than rights which require an Important Resolution) unless the shareholders pass a special resolution approved by at least two-thirds of the represented share votes. The Continued Shares are not convertible into shares of any other class or series or subject to redemption either by Lithium Argentina or by the holder of the Continued Shares.

General Meetings of Shareholders 

Under the CO and the Articles, the following powers, among others, are vested exclusively with Lithium Argentina's shareholders: amendment of the Articles; election and removal of the members of the Board, the chairperson of the Board, the members of the compensation committee, the statutory auditor and the independent voting representative; approval of the management report and the consolidated statements of account, if any; the adoption of resolutions on the use of the available earnings, in particular the declaration of dividends or the return of capital; and the release from liability of the members of the Board and the other management bodies.

Under the CO, Lithium Argentina must hold an annual general meeting of shareholders within six months after the end of its business year, for the purpose, among other things, of approving the annual (standalone and consolidated) financial statements and the annual business report, the annual election of the members of the Board and the chairman, the members of the compensation committee, and annually approving the maximum aggregate compensation payable to the Board and Lithium Argentina's executive management. In Lithium Argentina's case, this means the annual general meeting of shareholders is on or before the 30th day of June. Annual general meetings of shareholders may be convened by the Board or, under certain circumstances, by the auditor. 

Furthermore, Lithium Argentina may hold extraordinary general meeting upon the resolution of the Board or, under certain circumstances, by the auditor, the liquidators or the representatives of bondholders, if any, or if so resolved by a general meeting of shareholders or by individual shareholders. Further, the Board must convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders and propose financial restructuring measures if, based on Lithium Argentina's annual stand-alone statutory balance sheet, half of its share capital and reserves are no longer covered by Lithium Argentina's assets (Kapitalverlust).

Notice

Under Swiss law and the Articles, notice of an annual general meeting of shareholders must be provided no less than 20 days before the scheduled meeting date, but, as Lithium Argentina is still subject to applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws, Lithium Argentina will be required to send notice thereof in accordance with applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws. The notice must contain the date, time, the form and, if applicable, the location of the general meeting as well as a clear description of the matters and business to be discussed and, in case of elections, the names of the nominated candidates. Further, the notice contains the motions of the Board and a short explanation thereof, the name and the address of the independent voting representative and any shareholder's motion that has been submitted with a short explanation thereof. In the case of an extraordinary general meeting requested by the shareholders (see "Shareholder Requisitions and Shareholder Proposals"), the Board shall convene a shareholders' meeting within 60 days of receipt of such request. According to the Articles, notice may, at the election of the Board, be published in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce and/or may be sent by ordinary mail, e-mail, or any other form the Board deems appropriate.

Except in the limited circumstances outlined below, resolutions cannot be passed at a general meeting of shareholders without proper notice. This restriction does not apply to proposals for convening an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, initiating a special investigation (see "Special Investigation", or electing an auditor at the request of a shareholder. Furthermore, no prior notice is required to bring motions related to items already on the agenda or for the discussion of matters on which no resolution is to be taken.

Under the CO, a meeting of shareholders for which a notice of meeting has been duly published may not be adjourned, except where the presence quorum set forth in the Articles (see section "Presence Quorum") is not met, in which case the meeting cannot be adjourned without publishing a new notice of the meeting.

Presence Quorum

While applicable Swiss law does not provide for attendance quorum in respect of shareholders' meetings, Lithium Argentina's Articles provide for quorum requirements. For resolutions to be passed at a shareholders' meeting, at least two shareholders entitled to vote, either in person or by proxy, must be present and collectively represent at least 5% of the issued shares entitled to vote at the meeting. Under the CO, the Board has no authority to waive quorum requirements stipulated in the Articles.

Venue

Under the Articles, meetings of shareholders may be held outside of Switzerland or in a hybrid format. Fully virtual shareholder meetings without a venue are also permitted until January 17, 2030. In the event Lithium Argentina holds a fully virtual shareholder meeting, it must ensure in accordance with Swiss law that shareholders will have the same rights participating electronically as they would have for an in-person meeting. The Board must ensure that the identity of the participants is verified, that votes are transmitted in real-time, that shareholders are able to submit motions and participate in discussions, and that voting results cannot be manipulated.

Shareholder Requisitions and Shareholder Proposals

The Articles provide shareholders with the right to submit shareholder proposals. Shareholders holding, individually, or together with other shareholders with whom the proposal is made, 0.5% of Lithium Argentina's share capital or of the votes may request that items be placed on the agenda for the general shareholders' meeting and/or that motions relating to items on the agenda be included in the notice convening the meeting. Such requested motions and agenda items must be submitted to the Board in writing before the general shareholders' meeting to be included in the meeting notice and may be accompanied by a brief explanation, which the Board must include in the meeting notice to shareholders. The Articles provide that such advance notice must be given no later than three months before the anniversary date of Lithium Argentina's prior annual general meeting. If the Board refuses to accept such a request, the requesting shareholder(s) may seek to enforce their rights through the court. Furthermore, under Swiss law, at the meeting itself, any shareholder present may submit a motion concerning existing agenda items, including the nomination of a director where election of directors is on the agenda.

The CO and Articles provide shareholders the right to requisition shareholders' meetings, enabling shareholders holding, individually, or together with other shareholders, at least 5% of Lithium's share capital or of the voting rights to demand that the Board call a shareholders meeting. The shareholders' meeting shall be convened by the Board within 60 days of receipt of such a request.

Annual Report and Auditor Report

Lithium Argentina's annual report, compensation report and auditors' report must be made available for inspection by the shareholders at least 20 days prior to the date of the annual general shareholders' meeting. Each shareholder is entitled to request delivery of a copy of these documents in due time if they are not made available electronically.

Shareholder Rights

Voting Rights

Under the Articles, each holder of Continued Shares is entitled to one vote per Continued Share. Abstentions, broker non-votes, and blank or invalid ballots shall be disregarded for purposes of establishing a majority. The Articles do not limit the number of registered shares that may be voted by a single shareholder.

To exercise voting rights at a general meeting of shareholders, a shareholder must be registered in the share register.

Treasury shares, whether owed by Lithium Argentina or one of its majority-owned subsidiaries, will not be entitled to vote at general meetings of shareholders.

There are currently no limitations under Swiss law or in the Articles restricting the rights of shareholders outside Switzerland to hold or vote Continued Shares.

Unless otherwise required by law or the Articles, the general meeting of shareholders takes resolutions and proceeds to elections by a majority of the votes of shareholders present at the shareholders' meeting. In the event of a tied vote, the chairperson has no casting vote.

The acting chair may direct that elections be held by use of an electronic voting system. Electronic resolutions and elections are considered equal to resolutions and elections taken by way of a written ballot.

According to the Articles an Important Resolutions is required for:

-the change of purpose of Lithium Argentina;

-the merging of shares, unless the approval of all the shareholders concerned is required;

-an increase of capital our of equity against contributions in kind or by setting off a claim, and the granting of special benefits;

-the limitation or withdrawal of the subscription right;

-the introduction of a conditional capital, the introduction of a capital band;

-the transformation of participation certificates into shares;

-the restriction of the transferability of registered shares;

-the creation of shares with privileged voting rights;

-the change of the currency of the share capital;

-the introduction of the casting vote of the chairperson of the shareholders' meeting;

-the delisting of the equity securities of Lithium Argentina;

-the transfer of the registered office of Lithium Argentina within Switzerland or abroad;

-the introduction of an arbitration clause in the articles of association; and

-the dissolution of Lithium Argentina.

Under the Articles, a special resolution of the shareholders' meeting adopted by at least two thirds of the represented share votes is required for the amendment of the Articles to create, vary or delete any special rights or restrictions attached to the shares of any class or series of shares (the "Special Resolution") as well as the amendment of the Articles to alter the voting requirements of the Special Resolution.

Resolutions on mergers, demergers, or conversions are governed by the Swiss Merger Act, and generally require an Important Resolution (with certain exceptions for transactions within group companies). In addition, under Swiss law, the resolution in relation to the sale of "all or substantially all of its assets" by Lithium Argentina may require an Important Resolution depending on the particular transaction, (see section "Appraisal Rights andCompulsory Acquisitions").

Dividends

Dividends may be paid only if: (i) approved by a majority of votes cast by shareholders present at a shareholders meeting, whether in person or by proxy; and (ii) Lithium Argentina has sufficient distributable profits from the previous fiscal years, or if Lithium Argentina has freely distributable reserves, including out of capital contribution reserves. Swiss companies generally must maintain a separate company "statutory" balance sheet for the purpose of determining the amounts available for the return of capital shareholders, including by way of a distribution of dividends. 

Distributions of interim dividends may further be paid only if: (i) approved by a majority of votes cast by shareholders present at a shareholders meeting, whether in person or by proxy (ii) Lithium Argentina has sufficient distributable profits generated during the current business year and (iii) audited interim financial statements must be prepared, showing the profits generated during the current business year. Lithium Argentina's auditor must confirm that a dividend proposal made to shareholders conforms with the requirements of the CO and the Articles.

Dividends are usually due and payable shortly after the shareholders have passed a resolution approving the payment. The board of directors of a Swiss share company may propose to shareholders that a distribution of dividends be paid but cannot itself authorize the dividend. Shareholders participate in the distribution of profits in proportion to the nominal/par value and number of shares they hold.

Inspection of Books and Records

The CO grants shareholders the right to inspect the register of shareholders with regards to its, his or her own shares and otherwise to the extent necessary to exercise its, his or her shareholder rights. No other person has a right to inspect the register of shareholders. With respect to other company ledgers and company files, only shareholders who individually or together with other shareholders represent at least 5% of the share capital or of the votes may request to inspect such ledgers and files by sending such a request to the board of directors at any time. The shareholder's request must describe why the requested inspection is required for the exercise of the shareholder's rights, and the board of directors shall permit inspection within four months of receiving such a request provided that no business secrets or other company interests are put at risk.

Pursuant to Swiss law, at a general meeting, any shareholder is entitled to request information from the Board concerning the affairs of Lithium Argentina. The shareholder may also ask the auditor questions regarding its audit of Lithium Argentina. The Board and the auditor must, subject to prevailing business secrets or other material interests, answer shareholders' questions to the extent necessary for the exercise of shareholders' rights.

Special Investigation

If the shareholders' inspection and information rights as outlined in the section "Inspection of Books and Records" prove to be insufficient, Swiss law provides, any shareholder may propose to the general meeting of shareholders to initiate a special investigation or to appoint an expert to audit the executive management. If the general meeting of shareholders approves the proposal, Lithium Argentina or any shareholder may, within three months after the general meeting of shareholders, request the competent court to appoint a special commissioner. If the general meeting of shareholders rejects the request, one or more shareholders, subject to the requirements outlined in the section "Inspection of Books and Records", may request the court to appoint a special commissioner. The court will issue such an order if the petitioners can demonstrate that the Board, any of Lithium Argentina's directors or officers infringed the law or the Articles and thereby damaged Lithium Argentina or the shareholders. The costs of the investigation would generally be allocated to Lithium Argentina and only in exceptional cases to the petitioners.

Appraisal Rights and Compulsory Acquisitions

Business combinations and other transactions that are governed by the Swiss Merger Act, are binding on all shareholders. A statutory merger or demerger requires approval of two-thirds of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the absolute majority of the par value of the shares represented. If a transaction under the Swiss Merger Act receives all of the necessary consents, all shareholders are compelled to participate in such transaction.

Shareholders are not entitled to dissent or appraisal rights in respect of any corporate actions other than with respect to certain transactions to which the Swiss Merger Act applies. If, in the event of a merger, demerger or conversion, the share or membership rights are not adequately safeguarded or the compensation is not appropriate, any shareholder may, within two months of the publication of the merger, demerger or conversion resolution, request that the court determine an appropriate compensation payment (appraisal suit). A decision issued by a competent court in this respect can be acted upon by any person who has the same legal status as the claimant. The filing of an appraisal suit will not prevent completion of the merger or demerger.

Furthermore, the Swiss Merger Act provides for a squeeze-out merger if the acquirer controls 90% of the outstanding shares. In these limited circumstances, minority shareholders of the company being acquired may be compensated in a form other than through shares of the acquiring company, such as, for example, through cash or securities of a parent company of the acquiring company or of another company. The Swiss Merger Act grants minority shareholders the right to a judicial review of the adequacy of the compensation offered in such a case and empowers the courts to determine, if necessary, a reasonable amount of compensation.

In addition, under Swiss law, the sale of all or substantially all of Lithium Argentina's assets may be construed as a de facto dissolution of Lithium Argentina, and consequently require the approval of two-thirds of the votes represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the majority of the nominal value of the shares represented at such meeting. Whether a shareholder resolution is required depends on the particular transaction, and the following circumstances are generally deemed relevant in this respect:

-a core part of the company's business is sold without which it is economically impracticable or unreasonable to continue to operate the remaining business;

-the company's assets, after the divestment, are not invested in accordance with the company's business purpose set forth in its articles of association; and

-the proceeds of the divestment are not earmarked for reinvestment in accordance with the company's business purpose but, instead, are intended for distribution to the company's shareholders or for financial investments unrelated to the company's business.

Reduction of Share Capital

Under Swiss law, capital distributions may also take the form of a distribution of cash or property that is based upon a reduction of Lithium Argentina's share capital recorded in the commercial register. Such a capital reduction requires the approval of shareholders holding a majority of votes cast at a general meeting. A special audit report must confirm that creditors' claims remain fully covered despite the reduction in the share capital recorded in the commercial register. On or before the approval by the general meeting of shareholders of the capital reduction, the Board must give public notice of the capital reduction resolution in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce and notify creditors that they may request, within thirty days, satisfaction of or security for their claims (to the extent that the coverage of creditors' claims prior to the capital reduction has been reduced). The obligation to provide security does not apply if the reduction of the share capital does not jeopardize the satisfaction of the creditors' claims. If an unqualified special audit report is available, the law presumes that creditors' claims are not jeopardized. The presumption may be rebutted by creditors in exceptional circumstances.

Liquidation Rights

Under the CO, in the event of the liquidation of Lithium Argentina, after the full amounts that creditors as to distribution on liquidation or winding up are entitled to receive have been paid or set aside for payment, the holders of Continued Shares would be entitled to receive, pro rata, any remaining assets of Lithium Argentina available for distribution to the holders of Continued Shares, subject to Swiss withholding tax requirements.

Board of Directors

The Articles provide that the Board will consist of a minimum of three directors. The members of the Board shall, as a rule, be elected by the annual shareholders' meeting in each case for a term of office of one year. The term of office of the members of the Board shall, subject to prior resignation and removal, expire on the next annual shareholders' meeting at which there is a quorum as described in section "General Meetings of Shareholders". Re-election is possible.

Conflict of Interest, Management Transactions

The CO provides that the members of the Board and the executive management shall inform the Board immediately and comprehensively of any conflicts of interest affecting them. The Board shall take the measures required to safeguard Lithium Argentina's interests. Further, the CO contains a provision that requires Lithium Argentina's Board and executive management to safeguard the company's interests and imposes a duty of loyalty and duty of care on Lithium Argentina's Board and executive management. This rule is generally understood to disqualify the board of directors and executive management from participation in decisions that directly affect them. The Board and executive management members are personally liable to Lithium Argentina for breach of these provisions. In addition, Swiss law contains provisions under which members of the board of directors and all persons engaged in the company's management are liable to the company, each shareholder and the company's creditors for damages caused by an intentional or negligent violation of their duties. Furthermore, Swiss law contains a provision under which payments made to any of the company's shareholders or directors or any person associated with any such shareholder or director, other than payments made at arm's length, must be repaid to the company if such shareholder, director or associated person acted in bad faith.

Legal Name; Formation; Fiscal Year; Registered Office

The legal and commercial name is Lithium Argentina AG (before Continuation known as Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp.). Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp. was initially formed, and its articles of association registered, on October 3, 2023, which articles of association were amended and restated, in conjunction with the completion of the Continuation. Lithium Argentina is incorporated and domiciled in Zug, Canton of Zug, Switzerland and operates under the CO as a share company (Aktiengesellschaft).

The address of Lithium Argentina's registered office is Lithium Argentina AG, Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland.

Corporate Purpose

The purpose of Lithium Argentina is to directly or indirectly acquire, hold, finance, manage, exploit and dispose of participations in domestic and foreign, listed and non-listed companies or other legal entities, partnerships or persons.

Lithium Argentina may also set up branch offices and subsidiaries in Switzerland and abroad and may acquire, hold, sell or finance any kind of undertakings and companies. Lithium Argentina may further acquire, hold, and sell real estate. Lithium Argentina may engage in any kind of commercial activity that is directly or indirectly related to its purpose and take any measures which seem appropriate to promote the purpose of Lithium Argentina, or which are connected with this purpose, including, without limitation, any commercial activities in the mining and minerals sector (such as advancing lithium projects and related business, development and trade activities).

Duration and Dissolution

The duration of Lithium Argentina is unlimited. However, Lithium Argentina may be dissolved by liquidation at any time by an Important Resolution. Lithium Argentina may also be dissolved without liquidation in certain cases (for example in in a merger where Lithium Argentina is not the surviving entity) by an Important Resolution. Furthermore, dissolution by court order in the event of bankruptcy, or for cause at the request of shareholders holding at least 10% of Lithium Argentina's share capital or votes is possible. 

Certificated and Uncertificated Shares

Lithium Argentina is authorized to issue registered shares in certificated or uncertificated form.

Lithium Argentina may convert Continued Shares from one form into another at any time and without the approval of the shareholders, whereas Lithium Argentina shall bear the cost associated with any such conversion.

If registered in Lithium Argentina's share register, a shareholder may at any time request a written confirmation with respect to such person's shares. However, the shareholder has no right to request the issue and delivery of share certificates nor the conversion of the Continued Shares issued in one form into another form. 

Stock Exchange Listing

The Continued Shares are listed for trading on the NYSE and TSX under the symbol "LAR".

No Sinking Fund

The Continued Shares have no sinking fund provision.

No Redemption and Conversion

The Continued Shares are not convertible into shares of any other class or series or subject to redemption either by Lithium Argentina or the holder of the Continued Shares. 

Transfer of Continued Shares and Registration

Lithium Argentina has not imposed any restrictions applicable to the transfer of the Continued Shares, subject to Article 7(2) of the Articles with respect to Continued Shares issued in the form of intermediated securities, in which case any transfer of the Continued Shares is effected by a corresponding entry in the securities deposit account of a bank or a depository institution; no Continued Shares in the form of intermediated securities or security interest in any such intermediated securities can be transferred by way of assignment. If uncertificated Continued Shares (not in the form of intermediated securities) are transferred by way of assignment, such assignment must be notified to Lithium Argentina to be valid.

Persons acquiring Continued Shares of Lithium Argentina shall on application be entered in the share register without limitation as shareholders with voting rights, provided they expressly declare themselves to have acquired the said shares in their own name and for their own account, that there is no agreement on the redemption or return of the corresponding shares and that he/she bears the economic risk associated with the Continued Share, except that the board of directors may record nominees who hold Continued Shares in their own name, but for the account of third parties, as shareholders of record with voting rights in the share register of Lithium Argentina. Beneficial owners of Continued Shares who hold shares through a nominee exercise the shareholders' rights through the intermediation of such nominee. The share register will reflect only record owners, usufructuaries and nominees of Continued Shares. Swiss law does not recognize fractional share interests.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Lithium Argentina AG

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ Samuel Pigott

Name: 

Samuel Pigott

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 23, 2025

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit 

Description

3.1 

Lithium Argentina AG Articles of Association

3.2 Lithium Argentina AG By-laws
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp.: Exhibit 3.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

Statuten Articles of Association

der of

Lithium Argentina AG Lithium Argentina AG

(Lithium Argentina SA) (Lithium Argentina SA)

mit Sitz in Zug, Schweiz with registered office in Zug, Switzerland

I.Allgemeine Bestimmungen 

I.General Provisions

Artikel 1:Firma, Sitz, Dauer

Unter der Firma

Lithium Argentina AG

(Lithium Argentina SA)

besteht eine Aktiengesellschaft (die "Gesellschaft") gemss Art. 620 ff. OR mit Sitz in Zug, Schweiz. Die Dauer der Gesellschaft ist unbeschrnkt. 

Article 1:Corporate Name, Registered Office, Duration

Under the corporate name

Lithium Argentina AG

(Lithium Argentina SA)

a company (the "Company") exists pursuant to art. 620 et seqq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations (the "CO") with its registered office in Zug, Switzerland. The duration of the Company is unlimited.

Artikel 2:Zweck

1.Die Gesellschaft bezweckt den direkten oder indirekten Erwerb, das Halten, die Finanzierung, die Verwaltung, das Verwerten und Verussern von Beteiligungen an in- und auslndischen, brsenkotierten und nicht brsenkotierten Unternehmen oder anderen Rechtseinheiten, Partnerschaften oder Personengesellschaften. 

Article 2:Purpose

1.The purpose of the Company is to directly or indirectly acquire, hold, finance, manage, exploit and dispose of participations in domestic and foreign, listed and non-listed companies or other legal entities, partnerships or persons.

2.Die Gesellschaft kann Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften im In- und Ausland errichten und jede Art von Unternehmen und Gesellschaften erwerben, halten, verussern oder finanzieren. Die Gesellschaft kann Grundstcke erwerben, halten und verussern. Die Gesellschaft kann alle kommerziellen Ttigkeiten ausben, welche direkt oder indirekt mit dem Zweck der Gesellschaft im Zusammenhang stehen, und alle Massnahmen ergreifen, die den Gesellschaftszweck angemessen zu frdern scheinen oder mit diesem im Zusammenhang stehen, einschliesslich, aber nicht beschrnkt auf, jegliche kommerziellen Aktivitten im Bergbau- und Rohstoffsektor (wie die Frderung von Lithiumprojekten sowie damit verbundene Geschfts-, Entwicklungs- und Handelsaktivitten). 

2.The Company may set up branch offices and subsidiaries in Switzerland and abroad and may acquire, hold, sell or finance any kind of undertakings and companies. The Company may acquire, hold, and sell real estate. The Company may engage in any kind of commercial activity that is directly or indirectly related to its purpose and take any measures which seem appropriate to promote the purpose of the Company, or which are connected with this purpose, including, without limitation, any commercial activities in the mining and minerals sector (such as advancing lithium projects and related business, development and trade activities).

Statuten / Articles of Association 

2

II.Aktienkapital 

II.Share Capital

Artikel 3:Anzahl Aktien, Nominalwert, Art

Das Aktienkapital der Gesellschaft betrgt USD 1'619'322.34 und ist eingeteilt in 161'932'234 Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je USD 0.01. Die Aktien sind vollstndig liberiert. 

Article 3:Number of Shares, Par Value, Type

The share capital of the Company amounts to USD 1'619'322.34 and is divided into 161'932'234 registered common shares with a par value of USD 0.01per share. The share capital is fully paid-in.

Artikel 4:Kapitalband

1.Der Verwaltungsrat ist ermchtigt bis zum 17. Januar 2030, das Aktienkapital bis zur Obergrenze von USD 1'781'254.57 zu erhhen oder das Aktienkapital bis zur Untergrenze von USD 1'457'390.11 zu reduzieren. Der Verwaltungsrat ist im Rahmen des Kapitalbandes ermchtigt einmal oder mehrmals in beliebigen (Teil-) Betrgen das Aktienkapital bis zur Obergrenze zu erhhen oder bis zur Untergrenze herabzusetzen oder die Gesellschaft oder eine ihrer Gruppengesellschaft zu veranlassen, direkt oder indirekt Aktien zu erwerben (einschliesslich im Rahmen eines Aktienrckkaufsprogramm) oder zu verussern. Die Kapitalerhhung oder -herabsetzung kann durch Ausgabe von bis zu 16'193'223 voll zu liberierende Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je USD 0.01 bzw. Vernichtung von bis zu 16'193'223 voll liberierten Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je USD 0.01 oder durch eine Erhhung bzw. Herabsetzung der Nennwerte der bestehenden Aktien oder durch gleichzeitige Herabsetzung und Wiedererhhung des Aktienkapitals erfolgen, jeweils im Rahmen des Kapitalbandes. Die Anzahl neu auszugebender Aktien bzw. zu vernichtenden Aktien unterliegt der Anpassung nach oben bzw. unten, wenn und sobald der Verwaltungsrat von seiner Befugnis Gebrauch macht, Aktien innerhalb des Kapitalbands gemss Artikel 4(1) auszugeben oder zu vernichten. 

Article 4:Capital Band

1.The board of directors is authorized to conduct increases of the share capital up to an upper limit in the amount of USD 1'781'254.57 or to reduce the share capital down to a lower limit of an amount of USD 1'457'390.11 until 17 January 2030. The board of directors shall be authorized within the capital band to increase or reduce the share capital, as applicable, once or several times and in any (partial) amounts up to the upper limit or down to the lower limit or to cause the Company or any of its group companies to acquire (including under a share repurchase program) shares, directly or indirectly. The capital increase or reduction may be effected by issuing up to 16'193'223 fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of USD 0.01eachor bycancelling up to 16'193'223fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of USD 0.01each,as applicable,each within the limits of the capital band, or by increasing or reducing the par value of the existing registered shares or by a simultaneous reduction and re-increase of the share capital, in each case within the limits of the capital band. The number of newly issuable shares or shares to be cancelled is subject to upward or downward adjustment by the board of directors if and when the board of directors makes use of its authority to issue or cancel shares within the range of the capital band pursuant to this article 4(1).

Statuten / Articles of Association 

3

2.Innerhalb des Kapitalbandes knnen Aktien auch, aber nicht ausschliesslich, im Rahmen einer (Kombinations- oder Absorptions-) Fusion, Akquisition, ffentlichen bernahme oder einer hnlichen Transaktion (eine "strategische Transaktion") ausgegeben oder vernichtet werden. 

2.Within the capital band, shares may also, but not exclusively, be issued or cancelled in the event of a merger, consolidation (merger with one surviving entity), acquisition, public takeover or any other similar transaction (a "Strategic Transaction").

3.Bei einer Kapitalerhhung im Rahmen des Kapitalbandes soll der Verwaltungsrat die Anzahl auszugebender Aktien, den Ausgabepreis, die Art und Weise der Liberierung (durch Barliberierung, Sacheinlage, Verrechnungsliberierung oder Umwandlung frei verfgbaren Eigenkapitals), den Ausgabezeitpunkt, die Bedingungen zur Ausbung von Bezugsrechten, den Beginn des Dividendenanspruches sowie alle weiteren relevanten Ausgabebedingungen festlegen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann Aktien im Rahmen einer Festbernahme, einer Direktplatzierung oder einer hnlichen Transaktion ber die Vermittlung von Finanzinstituten, eines Konsortiums von Finanzinstituten oder eines anderen Dritten sowie durch ein nachfolgendes Angebot dieser Aktien an die bestehenden Aktionre oder Dritte (falls die Bezugsrechte der bestehenden Aktionre entzogen oder nicht ausgebt wurden) ausgeben. Der Verwaltungsrat ist ermchtigt, den Handel mit Bezugsrechten zu gestatten, einzuschrnken oder auszuschliessen. Im Falle nicht ausgebter Bezugsrechte kann der Verwaltungsrat nach eigenem Ermessen entweder zulassen, dass diese Rechte wertlos verfallen, die Bezugsrechte oder die Aktien, fr die Bezugsrechte gewhrt, aber nicht ausgebt wurden, zu Marktbedingungen platzieren oder sie auf eine andere Weise im Interesse der Gesellschaft verwenden. 

3.In case of a capital increase within the capital band, the board of directors shall determine the number of shares, the issue price, the form of payment required for subscription (including a cash contribution, contribution in kind, by off-setting claims against the Company, or by converting freely disposable equity), the date of issue, the conditions governing the exercise of subscription rights, the commencement of dividend entitlement and all other relevant terms of issuance. The board of directors may issue shares by way of an underwritten offering, direct placement or a similar transaction through the intermediation of financial institutions, a syndicate of financial institutions or another third party and a subsequent offer of such shares to the existing shareholders or third parties (if the subscription rights of the existing shareholders have been withdrawn or have not been exercised). The board of directors is authorized to permit, restrict or exclude the trading of subscription rights. In the event of subscription rights not being exercised, the board of directors may, at its discretion, either allow such rights to expire worthless, place them or the shares, for which subscription rights were granted but not exercised, at market conditions or use them in some other manner conducive to the interests of the Company.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

4

4.Der Verwaltungsrat ist in den folgenden Fllen ermchtigt, ohne spezifische Zustimmung der Aktionre, die Bezugsrechte der Aktionre zu entziehen oder einzuschrnken und/oder solche Rechte Dritten (einschliesslich einzelner Aktionre), der Gesellschaft oder einer ihrer Gruppengesellschaften zuzuweisen:

(a)wenn der Ausgabepreis der neuen Aktien unter der Bercksichtigung des Marktwertes festgesetzt wird;

(b)fr eine strategische Transaktion oder den Erwerb von Unternehmen, Unternehmensteilen oder Beteiligungen, Frderzins, Immobilien, zur Finanzierung neuer Investitionsprojekte der Gesellschaft oder ihrer Gruppengesellschaften, zum Erwerb von Produkten, geistigem Eigentum oder Lizenzen durch oder fr Investitionsprojekte der Gesellschaft oder einer ihrer Gruppengesellschaften oder, in jedem Fall, zur Finanzierung oder Refinanzierung solcher Transaktionen;

(c)zur Beteiligung von Partnern im Rahmen strategischer Partnerschaften;

(d)fr eine Kapitalbeschaffung in schneller und flexibler Weise oder zur Erreichung eines strategischen Ziels der Gesellschaft, welche ohne den Ausschluss der Bezugsrechte der bisherigen Aktionre nicht mglich wre oder nur mit grosser Schwierigkeit, Verzgerung oder zu wesentlich schlechteren Bedingungen erreicht werden knnte;

(e)zum Zweck der Erweiterung des Aktionrskreises der Gesellschaft in bestimmten Finanz- oder Investorenmrkten oder zur Beteiligung von strategischen Partnern, einschliesslich Finanzinvestoren; 

4.The board of directors is authorized in the following cases to, without obtaining specific shareholder approval, withdraw or restrict shareholders' subscription rights and/or to allocate such rights to third parties (including individual shareholders), the Company or any of its group companies:

(a)if the issue price of the new shares is determined by reference to the market price;

(b)for a Strategic Transaction or any acquisitions of companies, parts of companies or participations, royalty interests, real property, or for the financing of new investment projects of the Company or its group companies, for the acquisition of products, intellectual property or licenses by or for investment projects of the Company or any of its group companies, or, in each case, for the financing or refinancing of such transactions;

(c)for participation of partners in the context of strategic partnerships;

(d)for a capital raise in a fast and flexible manner or that serves to achieve a strategic objective of the Company and that would not be possible without the exclusion of the subscription rights of existing shareholders, or only with great difficulty or delay, or on significantly less favorable terms;

(e)for purposes of broadening the shareholder constituency of the Company in certain financial or investor markets or for purposes of the participation of strategic partners including financial investors;

Statuten / Articles of Association 

5

(f)im Zusammenhang mit der Brsennotierung neuer Aktien an in- oder auslndischen Brsen;

(g)zum Zweck der Gewhrung einer Mehrzuteilungsoption (Greenshoe) im Falle einer Aktienplatzierung oder eines Aktienverkaufs and die betreffenden Erstkufer oder Festbernehmer; oder

(h)fr die Beteiligung von Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrats, Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung, Mitarbeitern, Beauftragten, Beratern oder anderen Personen, die fr die Gesellschaft oder eine ihrer Gruppengesellschaften Leistungen erbringen, einschliesslich Konsortialfhrer und Investmentbanken. 

(f)in connection with listing of new shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges;

(g)for purposes of granting an over-allotment option (Greenshoe) in a placement or sale of shares to the respective initial purchaser(s) or underwriter(s); or

(h)for the participation of members of the board of directors, members of the executive management, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons performing services for the benefit of the Company or any of its group companies, including arrangers and investment banks.

5.Erhht sich das Aktienkapital aufgrund einer Erhhung aus bedingtem Kapital gemss diesen Statuten, so erhhen sich die obere und die untere Grenze des Kapitalbandes entsprechend dem Umfang der Erhhung des Aktienkapitals. 

5.In the event of an increase of the share capital from conditional capital pursuant to these articles of association, the upper and lower limits of the capital band shall increase in an amount corresponding to such increase in the share capital.

6.Im Falle einer Reduktion des Aktienkapitals im Rahmen des Kapitalbands legt der Verwaltungsrat, soweit erforderlich, die Verwendung des Herabsetzungsbetrages fest. Der Verwaltungsrat kann den Herabsetzungsbetrag auch zur teilweisen oder vollstndigen Beseitigung einer Unterbilanz im Sinne von Art. 653p OR verwenden oder kann gemss Art. 653q OR gleichzeitig das Aktienkapital herabsetzen und mindestens auf den bisherigen Betrag erhhen. 

6.In the event of a reduction of the share capital within the capital band, the board of directors shall, to the extent necessary, determine the use of the reduction amount. The board of directors may also use the reduction amount for the partial or full elimination of a share capital shortfall in the sense of art. 653p of the CO or may, in the sense of art. 653q of the CO, simultaneously reduce and increase the share capital to at least the previous amount.

7.Im Falle einer Nennwertnderung sind neue Aktien im Rahmen des Kapitalbands mit gleichem Nennwert auszugeben wie die bestehenden Aktien. 

7.In the event of a change of the par value of the shares, the par value of new shares subsequently issued within the capital band shall also be changed.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

6

8.Die neuen Aktien unterliegen den Einschrnkungen fr die Registrierung im Aktienregister nach Artikel 9 dieser Statuten. 

8.The new shares shall be subject to the limitations for registration in the share register pursuant to article 9 of these articles of association.

Artikel 5:Bedingtes Aktienkapital fr Aktienbeteiligungsprogramme

1.Das Aktienkapital der Gesellschaft kann um hchstens USD 161'932.23 erhht werden, durch die direkte oder indirekte Ausgabe von maximal 16'193'223 voll zu liberierenden Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je USD 0.01, die zugunsten der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrats, leitenden Angestellten, Mitarbeitern, Beauftragten, Beratern oder andere Personen, die fr die Gesellschaft oder einer ihrer Gruppengesellschaften Leistungen erbringen (die "Begnstigten"), ausgegeben werden. Die Ausgabe von voll zu liberierenden Namenaktien mit einem Nennwert von je USD 0.01 gemss diesem Artikel 5 kann auch eintreten infolge der freiwilligen oder automatischen Erfllung, Umwandlung oder Ausbung von Rechten oder der obligatorischen Ausbung von Verpflichtungen zum Erwerb neuer Aktien erfolgen, die den jeweiligen Begnstigten gewhrt bzw. auferlegt wurden. 

Article 5:Conditional Share Capital for Equity Incentive Plans

1.The share capital of the Company may be increased by a maximum amount of USD 161'932.23 through the direct or indirect issuance of no more than 16'193'223 registered shares that are to be fully paid-in and have a par value of USD 0.01 each, to the members of the board of directors and to the officers, employees, contractors or consultants of the Company or any of its group companies, or other persons providing services to the Company or any of its group companies (the "Beneficiaries"). The issuance of fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of USD 0.01 each pursuant to this article 5 may also occur as a result of the voluntary or automatic settlement, conversion or exercise of rights or the mandatory exercise of obligations to acquire new shares granted to, or imposed on, respectively, any of the Beneficiaries.

2.Bezugs- und Vorwegzeichnungsrechte der Aktionre sind im Zusammenhang mit dieser bedingten Kapitalerhhung ausgeschlossen. Jede Ausgabe neuer Aktien oder die freiwillige, automatische oder obligatorische Ausbung von Rechten oder Verpflichtungen zum Erwerb von Aktien erfolgt gemss einem oder mehreren Plnen, Vereinbarungen, Vorschriften oder Beschlssen, die vom Verwaltungsrat oder, soweit ihm dies delegiert wurde, einem Ausschuss des Verwaltungsrats erlassen werden. Der Verwaltungsrat wird alle Einzelheiten der Ausgabebedingungen festlegen, wie etwa den Ausgabebetrag, Datum der Dividendenberechtigung und die Art der Beitrge. Eine solche Ausgabe neuer Aktien kann zu einem Preis pro Aktie unter dem jeweiligen Brsenkurs erfolgen, und solche Rechte oder Verpflichtungen zum Erwerb von Aktien knnen gewhrt und auferlegt werden, wobei dieser Preis unter ihrem inneren Wert liegen kann. 

2.Subscription and advance subscription rights of shareholders are excluded for this conditional capital increase. Any such issuance of new shares or voluntary, automatic or mandatory exercise of rights or obligations to acquire shares shall be under one or more plans, agreements, regulations or resolutions to be issued by the board of directors or, to the extent delegated to it, a committee of the board of directors. The board of directors will determine all details of the terms of issue, such as each amount of issue, date of dividend entitlement, and kind of contributions. Any such issuance of new shares may be made at a price per share below the applicable stock exchange price and any such rights or obligations to acquire shares may be granted or imposed on, respectively, below their intrinsic value.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

7

3.Die Ausbung von Wandlungs-, Options- oder hnlichen Rechten sowie der Verzicht auf diese Rechte kann elektronisch oder schriftlich erfolgen. Die Ausbungserklrung von Wandlungs-, Options- oder hnlichen Rechten gemss diesem Artikel 5 muss sich auf diesen Artikel 5 beziehen. 

3.The exercise of conversion, option or similar rights as well as the waiver of these rights may be effected electronically or in writing. The declaration of exercise of conversion, option or similar rights based on this article 5 shall refer to this article 5.

4.Die neuen Aktien unterliegen den Einschrnkungen fr die Registrierung im Aktienregister nach Artikel 9 dieser Statuten. 

4.The new shares shall be subject to the limitations for registration in the share register pursuant to article 9 of these articles of association.

Artikel 6:Bedingtes Aktienkapital fr Finanzierungszwecke

1.Das Aktienkapital der Gesellschaft kann um einen Hchstbetrag von USD 161'932.23 durch die direkte oder indirekte Ausgabe von hchstens 16'193'223 voll zu liberierende Namenaktien im Nennwert von je USD 0.01 erhht werden, (i) durch die Ausbung von Wandlungs-, Tausch-, Options-, Warrant-, Bezugsrechten oder anderen Rechten zum Erwerb von Aktien, oder (ii) durch Verpflichtungen zum Erwerb von Aktien, die den Aktionren oder Dritten allein oder in Verbindung mit Anleihensobligationen, Schuldpapieren, Darlehen, Optionen, Warrants oder anderen Wertpapieren oder vertraglichen Verpflichtungen der Gesellschaft oder einer ihrer Gruppengesellschaften gewhrt oder auferlegt wurden (zusammenfassend als "Finanzinstrumente" bezeichnet)." 

Article 6:Conditional Share Capital for Financing Purposes

1.The share capital of the Company may be increased by a maximum amount of USD 161'932.23 through the direct or indirectissuance of no more than 16'193'223 registered shares that are to be fully paid-in and have a par value of USD 0.01 each, (i) further to the exercise of conversion, exchange, option, warrant, subscription or other rights to acquire shares, or (ii) through obligations to acquire shares that are or were granted to or imposed upon shareholders or third parties alone or in connection with bonds, notes, loans, options, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations of the Company or any of its group companies (collectively, "Financial Instruments").

Statuten / Articles of Association 

8

2.Bei der Ausgabe von neuen Aktien im Zusammenhang mit Finanzinstrumenten ist das Bezugsrecht der Aktionre ausgeschlossen. Die dannzumaligen Inhaber solcher Finanzinstrumente sind berechtigt, die neuen Aktien zu erwerben, die bei Ausbung, Austausch oder Wandlung der Finanzinstrumente ausgegeben werden. Der Verwaltungsrat legt die wesentlichen Bedingungen der Finanzinstrumente fest. 

2.Subscription rights of shareholders shall be excluded with respect to new shares issued in connection with the Financial Instruments. The then current owners of such Financial Instruments shall be entitled to acquire the new shares issued upon conversion, exchange or exercise of the Financial Instruments. The main terms of the Financial Instruments shall be determined by the board of directors.

3.Der Verwaltungsrat ist ermchtigt das Vorwegzeichnungsrecht im Zusammenhang mit der Ausgabe von Finanzinstrumenten der Gesellschaft oder einer ihrer Gruppengesellschaften zu limitieren oder zu entziehen, wenn (i) ein Grund gemss Artikel 4(4) der Statuten gegeben ist oder (ii) die Finanzinstrumente zu angemessenen Bedingungen platziert werden oder (iii) im Zusammenhang mit den 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes fllig 2027 gemss der Vertrag ("Indenture") vom 6. Dezember 2021, in allfllig genderter Version. Falls die Vorwegzeichnungsrechte vom Verwaltungsrat weder direkt noch indirekt gewhrt werden, mssen (x) die Finanzinstrumente zu angemessenen Bedingungen ausgegeben werden und (y) der Umwandlungs-, Tausch- oder Ausbungszeitraum der Finanzinstrumente darf seit dem relevantem Ausgabedatum oder des Unterzeichnens des Finanzinstruments 30 Jahre nicht berschreiten. 

3.The board of directors is authorized to limit or withdraw advance subscription rights of shareholders in connection with the issuance of Financial Instruments by the Company or one of its group companies if (i) there is a valid reason pursuant to article 4(4) of these articles of association or (ii) the Financial Instruments are issued on appropriate terms or (iii) in connection with the 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 as per the Indenture dated 6 December 2021, as amended. If the advance subscription rights are neither granted directly nor indirectly by the board of directors, the following shall apply: (x) the Financial Instruments shall be issued on appropriate terms; and (y) the Financial Instruments may be converted, exchanged or exercised during a maximum period of 30 years from the date of the relevant issuance of or entry into the Financial Instruments.

4.Die Ausbung von Wandlungs-, Options- oder hnlichen Rechten sowie der Verzicht auf diese Rechte kann elektronisch oder schriftlich erfolgen. Die Erklrung zur Ausbung von Wandlungs-, Options- oder hnlichen Rechten auf der Grundlage dieses Artikel 6 muss auf diesen Artikel 6 verweisen. 

4.The exercise of conversion, option or similar rights as well as the waiver of these rights may be effected electronically or in writing. The declaration of exercise of conversion, option or similar rights based on this article 6 shall refer to this article 6.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

9

5.Die neuen Aktien unterliegen den Eintragungsbeschrnkungen in das Aktienbuch von Artikel 9 dieser Statuten. 

5.The new shares shall be subject to the limitations for registration in the share register pursuant to article 9 of these articles of association.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

10

Artikel 7:Form der Aktien

1.Die Gesellschaft kann ihre Namenaktien als Einzelurkunden, Globalurkunden, einfache Wertrechte im Sinne des OR (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung), oder als Bucheffekten ausgestalten. 

Article 7:Form of Shares

1.The Company may issue its registered shares in the form of single certificates, global certificates, simple uncertificated securities within the meaning of the CO (as amended from time to time), or intermediated securities.

2.Bucheffekten und Sicherheiten an Bucheffekten knnen nicht mittels Abtretung bertragen oder begrndet werden. Werden nicht verurkundete Aktien durch Abtretung bertragen, bedarf diese zur Gltigkeit der Anzeige an die Gesellschaft. 

2.Intermediated securities and security interest in any such intermediated securities, cannot be transferred or granted by way of assignment. If uncertificated securities are transferred by way of assignment, such assignment must be notified to the Company to be valid.

3.Nachdem er im Aktienbuch eingetragen worden ist, kann der Aktionr von der Gesellschaft jederzeit die Ausstellung einer Bescheinigung ber die in seinem Eigentum stehenden Aktien verlangen. Der Aktionr hat jedoch keinen Anspruch auf Druck und Auslieferung von Aktienurkunden oder Aktienzertifikate oder auf die Umwandlung der Namenaktien von einer Form in eine andere. Die Gesellschaft kann demgegenber jederzeit Urkunden fr Namenaktien (Einzelurkunden oder Urkunden ber eine Mehrzahl von Aktien) ausstellen und ausliefern und mit der Zustimmung des Aktionrs ausgegebene Urkunden, die bei ihr eingeliefert werden, ersatzlos annullieren. 

3.Upon its registration with the share register, a shareholder may at any time request from the Company to issue a written confirmation of the registered shares held by such shareholder. However, the shareholder has no right to request the issue and delivery of share certificates nor the conversion of the registered shares issued in one form into another form. The Company may, however, at any time issue and deliver certificates for registered shares (single certificates or global certificates) and, with the consent of the shareholder, delete without replacement issued share certificates, which have been returned to it.

4.Vorbehltlich des anwendbaren Rechts kann die Gesellschaft jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Aktionre ihre Namenaktien von einer Form in eine andere Form umwandeln. Die Gesellschaft trgt alle mit einer solchen Umwandlung verbundenen Kosten. 

4.Subject to applicable law, the Company may convert its registered shares from one form into another form at any time and without the approval of the shareholders. The Company shall bear the cost associated with any such conversion.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

11

Artikel 8:Anerkennung der Statuten

Jede Ausbung von Aktionrsrechten schliesst die Anerkennung der Gesellschaftsstatuten in der jeweils gltigen Fassung in sich ein. 

Article 8:Recognition of Articles

Any exercise of shareholders' rights automatically comprises recognition of the version of these articles of association in force at the time.

Artikel 9:Aktienbuch, Rechtsausbung

1.Die Gesellschaft fhrt selbst oder durch Dritte ein Aktienbuch fr die Namenaktien, in welches die Eigentmer und Nutzniesser sowie Personen, die im Eintragungsgesuch nicht ausdrcklich erklren, die Aktien fr eigene Rechnung zu halten ("Nominees") mit Namen eingetragen werden. Die Gesellschaft oder der Dritte, welcher im Auftrag der Gesellschaft das Aktienbuch fhrt, ist berechtigt, zum Zeitpunkt der Eintragung in das Aktienbuch von der Person, die die Eintragung beantragt, einen geeigneten Nachweis ber deren Eigentum an den Aktien zu verlangen. Im Verhltnis zur Gesellschaft wird als Aktionr, als Nutzniesser oder als Nominees nur anerkannt, wer im Aktienbuch eingetragen ist. Die Gesellschaft anerkennt nur einen Vertreter pro Aktie. Wechselt eine im Aktienbuch eingetragene Person ihre Adresse, so hat sie dies der Gesellschaft mitzuteilen. Bis eine solche Mitteilung erfolgt ist, gelten alle schriftlichen Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft an die im Aktienbuch verzeichnete Adresse als rechtsgltig zugestellt. 

Article 9:Share Register, Exercise of Rights

1.The Company shall maintain, itself or through a third party, a share register for the registered shares in which the names and addresses of the owners and usufructuaries as well as the Persons who do not expressly declare in the registration application that they are holding the shares on their own account ("nominees") shall be entered. The Company or the third party maintaining the share register on behalf of the Company shall be entitled to request at the time of the entry into the share register from the person requesting such entry appropriate evidence of that person's title to the shares. In relation to the Company, only those shareholders, usufructuaries and nominees registered in the share register shall be recognized as such. The Company shall recognize only one representative per share. Any person registered in the share register changing its address, must notify the Company accordingly. Until such notification shall have occurred, all written communication from the Company to persons of record shall be deemed to have validly been made if sent to the address recorded in the share register.

2.Erwerber von Namenaktien werden auf Gesuch hin ohne Begrenzung als Aktionre mit Stimmrecht im Aktienbuch eingetragen, falls sie ausdrcklich erklren, diese Namenaktien im eigenen Namen und fr eigene Rechnung erworben zu haben, dass keine Vereinbarung ber die Rcknahme oder die Rckgabe entsprechender Aktien besteht und dass er das mit den Aktien verbundene wirtschaftliche Risiko trgt mit der Ausnahme, dass der Verwaltungsrat Nominees, welche Aktien im eigenen Namen aber auf fremde Rechnung halten, als Aktionre mit Stimmrecht im Aktienbuch der Gesellschaft eintragen kann. Die an den Aktien wirtschaftlich Berechtigten, welche die Aktien ber einen Nominee halten, ben Aktionrsrechte mittelbar ber den Nominee aus. 

2.Persons acquiring registered shares shall on application be entered in the share register without limitation as shareholders with voting rights, provided they expressly declare themselves to have acquired the said shares in their own name and for their own account, that there is no agreement on the redemption or return of the corresponding shares and that he/she bears the economic risk associated with the shares, except that the board of directors may record nominees who hold shares in their own name, but for the account of third parties, as shareholders of record with voting rights in the share register of the Company. Beneficial owners of shares who hold shares through a nominee exercise the shareholders' rights through the intermediation of such nominee.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

12

3.Die Gesellschaft kann nach Anhrung des Betroffenen oder des Nominees Eintragungen im Aktienbuch mit Rckwirkung auf das Datum der Eintragung streichen, wenn diese durch falsche Angaben des Erwerbers zustande gekommen sind. Der Erwerber oder der Nominee muss ber die Streichung sofort informiert werden. 

3.The Company may, after consulting with the affected person or nominee, cancel entries in the share register retroactively with effect to the date of the entry, if such entries were based on false information given by the acquirer. The acquirer or nominee shall be informed of the cancellation immediately.

4.Der Verwaltungsrat stellt Grundstze ber die Eintragung von Treuhndern/Nominees auf und erlsst die zur Einhaltung der vorstehenden Bestimmungen notwendigen Regelungen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann Ausnahmen von der Regelung in Bezug auf Nominees gewhren. 

4.The board of directors formulates general principles relating to the registration of fiduciaries/nominees and issues the necessary regulations to ensure compliance with the above provisions. The board of directors may grant exceptions from the rules regarding nominees.

5.Stimmrechte und die damit verbundenen Rechte knnen der Gesellschaft gegenber von einem Aktionr, Nutzniesser der Aktien oder Nominee jeweils nur im Umfang ausgebt werden, wie dieser mit Stimmrecht im Aktienbuch eingetragen ist. 

5.Voting rights and appurtenant rights associated therewith may be exercised in relation to the Company by a shareholder, usufructuary of shares or nominee only to the extent that such person is recorded in the share register with the right to exercise his, her or its voting rights.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

13

III.Generalversammlung 

III.Shareholders' Meeting

Artikel 10:Ordentliche und ausserordentliche Generalversammlungen

1.Die ordentliche Generalversammlung findet jedes Jahr innerhalb von sechs (6) Monaten nach Abschluss des Geschftsjahrs statt. 

Article 10:Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings

1.The ordinary shareholders' meeting shall be held annually within six (6) months after the close of the business year.

2.Ausserordentliche Generalversammlungen werden einberufen, sooft es notwendig ist, insbesondere in den vom Gesetz vorgesehenen Fllen. 

2.Extraordinary shareholders' meetings shall be convened whenever necessary, especially when provided for by law.

Artikel 11:Einberufung

1.Die Generalversammlung wird durch den Verwaltungsrat, ntigenfalls durch die Revisionsstelle einberufen. Das Einberufungsrecht steht auch den Liquidatoren zu. 

Article 11:Convening

1.The shareholders' meeting shall be convened by the board of directors and, if need be, by the auditor. The liquidators shall also be entitled to convene a shareholders' meeting.

2.Die Einberufung einer Generalversammlung kann auch von einem oder mehreren Aktionren, die zusammen mindestens fnf (5) Prozent des Aktienkapitals oder der Stimmen vertreten, verlangt werden. Einberufung und Traktandierung werden schriftlich unter Angabe der Verhandlungsgegenstnde und der Antrge anbegehrt. Der Verwaltungsrat hat die Generalversammlung innert sechzig (60) Tagen seit Empfang des Begehrens einzuberufen. 

2.One or more shareholders, representing at least five (5) percent of the share capital or of the votes of the Company, may also request that a shareholders' meeting be held. Such request and agenda items to be included must be submitted in writing, setting forth the items to be discussed and the proposals to be decided upon. The shareholders' meeting shall be convened by the board of directors within sixty (60) days of receipt of such a request.

3.Die Generalversammlung ist sptestens zwanzig (20) Tage vor dem Versammlungstag durch eine Bekanntmachung gemss Artikel 37 der Statuten einzuberufen. In der Einberufung sind neben Datum, Zeit, Art und Ort der Versammlung die Verhandlungsgegenstnde sowie die Antrge des Verwaltungsrates, allfllige Antrge der Aktionre samt kurzer Begrndung und gegebenenfalls der Name und die Adresse des unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreters bekanntzugeben. 

3.At least twenty (20) days prior to the date of the shareholders' meeting, notice of the shareholders' meeting shall be given by way of an announcement pursuant to article 37 of these articles of association. The notice shall state the date, time, form and place of the meeting, the agenda as well as the proposals of the board of directors, if necessary, the proposals of the shareholders, including a short explanation, and, if necessary, the name and the address of the independent proxy.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

14

4.ber Gegenstnde, die nicht in dieser Weise angekndigt worden sind, knnen keine Beschlsse gefasst werden, ausser ber einen Antrag auf Einberufung einer ausserordentlichen Generalversammlung, auf Durchfhrung einer Sonderuntersuchung oder auf Wahl einer Revisionsstelle infolge eines Begehrens eines Aktionrs. 

4.No resolutions may be adopted regarding matters which have not been announced in this manner, except regarding a proposal to convene an extraordinary shareholders' meeting, to carry out a special investigation or to elect an auditor upon the request of a shareholder.

5.Sptestens zwanzig (20) Tage vor der ordentlichen Generalversammlung sind der Geschftsbericht (einschliesslich Lagebericht, Vergtungsbericht und, allflliger Bericht ber nichtfinanzielle Belange gemss Art. 964c OR) und der Revisionsbericht zugnglich zu machen. Sofern die Unterlagen nicht elektronisch zugnglich sind, kann jeder Aktionr verlangen, dass ihm eine Ausfertigung der Dokumente rechtzeitig zugestellt wird. 

5.The annual report (including management report, compensation report and, if applicable, report on non-financial matters pursuant to article 964c CO) and the auditors' report must be made available for inspection by the shareholders at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of the ordinary shareholders' meeting. In case the documents are not made available electronically, any shareholder may request a copy of the documents to be provided in due time.

6.Die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates und der Geschftsleitung sind berechtigt, an der Generalversammlung teilzunehmen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann zu jedem Verhandlungsgegenstand Antrge stellen. 

6.The members of the board of directors and the executive management are entitled to take part in the shareholders' meeting. The board of directors can make proposals for each agenda item.

Artikel 12:Traktanden

1.Der Verwaltungsrat nimmt die Traktandierung der Verhandlungsgegenstnde vor. 

Article 12:Agenda

1.The board of directors shall state the items on the agenda.

2.Aktionre, welche insgesamt mindestens 0.5% des Aktienkapitals oder der Stimmen vertreten, knnen verlangen, dass ein Traktandum auf die Traktandenliste der Generalversammlung aufgenommen wird. Das Begehren um Traktandierung ist mindestens drei (3) Monate vor dem Jahrestag der letzten ordentlichen Generalversammlung schriftlich unter Angabe des Verhandlungsgegenstandes und der Antrge beim Prsidenten des Verwaltungsrats einzureichen. 

2.One or more shareholders representing at least 0.5% of the total share capital or of the votes, may request items to be included in the agenda. Such requests have to be submitted to the chairperson of the board of directors at least three (3) months before the anniversary of the previous year's ordinary shareholder's meeting and shall be in writing, specifying the item and the proposals.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

15

3.ber Antrge zu nicht gehrig angekndigten Verhandlungsgegenstnden knnen keine Beschlsse gefasst werden, ausser in den gesetzlich vorgesehen Fllen. 

3.No resolution may be passed on motions concerning agenda items which have not been duly announced apart from those exceptions permitted by law.

Artikel 13:Tagungsort

1.Der Verwaltungsrat bestimmt den Tagungsort der Generalversammlung. Die Generalversammlung kann im Ausland durchgefhrt werden, sofern ein unabhngiger Stimmrechtsvertreter bezeichnet wird. 

Article 13:Venue

1.The board of directors shall determine the venue of the shareholders' meeting. The shareholders' meeting may be held abroad, provided that an independent proxy is designated.

2.Bis zum 17. Januar 2030, kann die Generalversammlung mit elektronischen Mitteln ohne Tagungsort durchgefhrt werden. 

2.Until 17 January 2030, the shareholders' meetings may be held by electronic means without a venue.

Artikel 14:Vorsitz, Protokolle

1.Den Vorsitz der Generalversammlung fhrt der Prsident des Verwaltungsrates, bei dessen Verhinderung oder Unwilligkeit ein anderes Mitglied des Verwaltungsrates oder, falls alle anwesenden Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates ablehnen oder kein Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats anwesend ist, ein anderer von der Generalversammlung gewhlter Tagesprsident. 

Article 14:Chair, Minutes

1.The shareholders' meeting shall be chaired by the chairperson of the board, or, in her/his absence or unwillingness, by another member of the board of directors, or, if all the directors present decline to take the chair or fail to do so or if no director is present, by another person elected for that day by the shareholders' meeting.

2.Der Verwaltungsrat sorgt fr die Fhrung des Protokolls, das vom Vorsitzenden und vom Protokollfhrer zu unterzeichnen ist. 

2.The board of directors is responsible for keeping the minutes, which have to be signed by the chairperson and by the secretary.

3.Jeder Aktionr kann verlangen, dass ihm das Protokoll innerhalb von dreissig (30) Tagen nach der Generalversammlung zugnglich gemacht wird. Die Beschlsse und Wahlergebnisse sind unter Angabe der genauen Stimmenverhltnisse innerhalb von fnfzehn (15) Tagen nach der Generalversammlung auf elektronischem Weg zugnglich zu machen. 

3.Any shareholder may request access to the minutes within thirty (30) days following the shareholders' meeting. The resolutions and the election results with details of the exact proportions of votes cast shall be made electronically accessible within fifteen (15) days following the shareholders' meeting.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

16

Artikel 15:Befugnisse

Oberstes Organ der Gesellschaft ist die Generalversammlung. Ihr stehen die folgenden unbertragbaren Befugnisse zu: 

Article 15:Authorities 

The shareholders' meeting is the supreme corporate body of the Company and has the following non-transferable powers:

1.Festsetzung und nderung der Statuten;

2.Wahl und Abberufung der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates, des Prsidenten des Verwaltungsrates, der Mitglieder des Vergtungsausschusses, der Revisionsstelle und des unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreters;

3.Genehmigung des Lageberichts und allenfalls der Konzernrechnung;

4.die Genehmigung des Berichts ber nichtfinanzielle Belange gemss Art. 964a ff. OR und jedes weiteren Berichts, welcher gemss anwendbarem Recht einer Genehmigung durch die Generalversammlung bedarf;

5.Genehmigung der Jahresrechnung sowie Beschlussfassung ber die Verwendung des Bilanzgewinns, insbesondere die Festsetzung der Dividende und der Gewinnbeteiligung der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrats;

6.Genehmigung der Vergtung des Verwaltungsrates, der Geschftsleitung und des Beirats gemss Artikel 31 und Artikel 32 der Statuten; 

1.adoption and amendment of these articles of association;

2.election and removal of the members of the board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors, the members of the compensation committee, the auditor and the independent proxy;

3.approval of the management report and the consolidated statements of account, if any;

4.approving the report on non-financial matters in accordance with art. 964a et seqq. of the CO and any other report that requires approval by the shareholders' meeting under applicable law, if and as applicable;

5.approval of the financial statements and resolution on the use of the balance sheet profit, in particular on the declaration of dividends and of profit sharing by members of the board of directors;

6.approval of the remuneration of the members of the board of directors, of the executive management and the advisory council, pursuant to article 31 and article 32 of these articles of association;

7.adoption of the interim dividend and approval of the required interim financial statements;

Statuten / Articles of Association 

17

7.Festsetzung der Zwischendividende und Genehmigung des dafr erforderlichen Zwischenabschlusses;

8.Beschlussfassung ber die Rckzahlung der gesetzlichen Kapitalreserve;

9.Entlastung der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates und der mit der Geschftsleitung betrauten Personen;

10.Dekotierung der Beteiligungspapiere der Gesellschaft; und

11.Beschlussfassung ber die Gegenstnde, die der Generalversammlung durch das Gesetz oder die Statuten vorbehalten sind. 

8.resolution on the repayment of the statutory capital reserve;

9.grant to discharge the members of the board of directors and the persons entrusted with management;

10.the delisting of the equity securities of the Company; and

11.passing of resolutions on matters which are reserved to the shareholders' meeting by law or by these articles of association.

Artikel 16:Beschlussfassung

1.Jede Aktie berechtigt zu einer Stimme. Der Verwaltungsrat erlsst Verfahrensvorschriften ber die Teilnahme und Vertretung an der Generalversammlung und legt die Anforderungen fr Vollmachten fest. Jeder Aktionr kann sich in der Generalversammlung durch seinen gesetzlichen Vertreter oder einen Dritten vertreten lassen, welcher kein Aktionr sein muss. Die Berechtigung zur Vertretung eines Aktionrs ist in der Regel durch eine schriftliche Vollmacht des Aktionrs auszuweisen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann aber auch weitere Formen der Berechtigung gegenber der Gesellschaft zulassen. 

Article 16:Resolutions, Quorum

1.Each share carries one vote. The board of directors shall issue procedural rules regarding the participation and representation at the shareholders' meeting and determine the requirements regarding proxies. Each shareholder may be represented at the shareholders' meeting by its legal representative or another person, who does not need to be a shareholder. In general, the authorization to represent a shareholder must be evidenced by a written proxy of the shareholder. However, the board of directors may also allow other forms of authorization vis--vis the Company.

2.Jeder Aktionr kann sich vom unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreter vertreten lassen. 

2.Each shareholder may be represented by the independent proxy.

3.Die Generalversammlung fasst ihre Beschlsse und vollzieht ihre Wahlen mit der Mehrheit der vertretenen Aktienstimmen, soweit nicht das Gesetz oder die Statuten abweichende Bestimmungen enthalten. 

3.The shareholders' meeting shall adopt its resolutions and carry out its elections with the majority of the share votes represented, to the extent that neither the law nor these articles of association provide otherwise.

4.Der Vorsitzende der Generalversammlung bestimmt, ob Abstimmungen und Wahlen elektronisch, offen oder schriftlich erfolgen. Im Falle einer Streitigkeit ber die Zulssigkeit oder Ablehnung einer Stimme muss der Vorsitzende der Generalversammlung die Streitigkeit entscheiden, und seine Entscheidung, die in gutem Glauben getroffen wird, ist endgltig und verbindlich. Der Vorsitzende der Generalversammlung kann jederzeit anordnen, dass eine Beschlussfassung oder Wahl wiederholt wird, wenn er oder sie Zweifel an der Abstimmung hat. In diesem Fall gilt die vorherige Beschlussfassung oder Wahl als nicht erfolgt. 

4.The chairperson of the meeting shall decide whether voting on resolutions and elections be conducted electronically, by a show of hands or by a written ballot. In the case of any dispute as to the admission or rejection of a vote, the chairperson of the meeting must determine the dispute, and his or her determination made in good faith is final and conclusive. The chairperson of the meeting may at any time order that a resolution or election be repeated if he or she considers the vote to be in doubt; the resolution or election previously held shall then be deemed not to have taken place.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

18

5.Die Wahlen von Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrates und des Vergtungsausschusses erfolgen jeweils einzeln. 

5.The members of the board of directors and the members of the compensation committee are elected individually.

6.Jede Beschlussfassung oder Wahl der Generalversammlung setzt zu ihrer Gltigkeit im Zeitpunkt der Konstituierung der Generalversammlung ein Prsenzquorum von zwei an der Generalversammlung stimmberechtigten Aktionren oder deren Vertretern, welche zusammen mindestens 5% der ausgegebenen Aktien mit Stimmrechten halten, voraus. Die anwesenden Aktionre oder deren Vertreter knnen mit der Behandlung der Traktanden fortfahren, selbst wenn Aktionre oder deren Vertreter nach Bekanntgabe des Quorums durch den Vorsitzenden die Generalversammlung verlassen. 

6.The adoption of any resolution or election at the shareholders' meeting requires a quorum at the commencement of the meeting of two shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting whether in person or by proxy who hold, in the aggregate, at least 5% of the issued shares entitled to be voted at the meeting. The shareholders or their proxies present at a shareholders' meeting may continue to transact business despite the withdrawal of shareholders or their proxies from such meeting following announcement of the presence quorum at that meeting.

Artikel 17:Wichtige Beschlsse

1.Ein Beschluss der Generalversammlung, der mindestens zwei Drittel der vertretenen Aktienstimmen und die Mehrheit der vertretenen Aktiennennwerte auf sich vereinigt, ist erforderlich fr:

1.die nderung des Gesellschaftszwecks; 

Article 17:Important Resolutions

1.A resolution of the shareholders' meeting adopted by at least two thirds of the represented share votes and the majority of the represented share par values is required for:

1.the change of purpose of the Company;

Statuten / Articles of Association 

19

2.die Zusammenlegung von Aktien, soweit dafr nicht die Zustimmung aller betroffenen Aktionren erforderlich ist;

3.die Kapitalerhhung aus Eigenkapital, gegen Sacheinlagen oder durch Verrechnung mit einer Forderung und die Gewhrung von besonderen Vorteilen;

4.die Einschrnkung oder Aufhebung des Bezugsrechts;

5.die Einfhrung eines bedingten Kapitals, die Einfhrung eines Kapitalbands;

6.die Umwandlung von Partizipationsscheinen in Aktien;

7.die Beschrnkung der bertragbarkeit von Namenaktien;

8.die Einfhrung von Stimmrechtsaktien;

9.den Wechsel der Whrung des Aktienkapitals;

10.die Einfhrung des Stichentscheids des Vorsitzenden in der Generalversammlung;

11.die Dekotierung der Beteiligungspapiere der Gesellschaft;

12.die Verlegung des Sitzes der Gesellschaft innerhalb der Schweiz sowie ins Ausland;

13.die Einfhrung einer statutarischen Schiedsklausel; und

14.die Auflsung der Gesellschaft. 

2.the merging of shares, unless the approval of all the shareholders concerned is required; 

3.an increase of capital out of equity, against contributions in kind or by setting off a claim, and the granting of special benefits;

4.the limitation or withdrawal of the subscription right;

5.the introduction of a conditional capital, the introduction of a capital band;

6.the transformation of participation certificates into shares;

7.the restriction of the transferability of registered shares;

8.the creation of shares with privileged voting rights;

9.the change of the currency of the share capital;

10.the introduction of the casting vote of the chairperson of the shareholders' meeting;

11.the delisting of the equity securities of the Company;

12.the transfer of the registered office of the Company within Switzerland or abroad;

13.the introduction of an arbitration clause in the articles of association; and

14.the dissolution of the Company.

2.Vorbehaltlich anderer Beschlsse, die gemss diesen Statuten erforderlich sind, unterliegen Beschlsse ber die Fusion, Spaltung oder Umwandlung gelten die Bestimmungen des Schweizer Fusionsgesetzes. 

2.Subject to any other resolution required under these articles of association, resolutions on mergers, demergers, or conversions shall be governed by the Swiss Merger Act.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

20

Artikel 18:Besondere Beschlsse

Ein Beschluss der Generalversammlung, der mindestens zwei Drittel der vertretenen Aktienstimmen ist erforderlich fr:

1.die nderung dieser Statuten zur Schaffung, nderung oder Aufhebung besonderer Rechte oder Einschrnkungen, die mit den Aktien einer Klasse oder Serie von Aktien verbunden sind; und

2.die nderung dieser Statuten, um die erforderlichen Beschlsse gemss Artikel 18 zu ndern. 

Article 18:Special Resolutions

A resolution of the shareholders' meeting adopted by at least two thirds of the represented share votes is required for:

1.the amendment of these articles of association to create, vary or delete any special rights or restrictions attached to the shares of any class or series of shares; and

2.the amendment of these articles of association to alter the resolution required under this article 18.

Artikel 19:Abstimmung ber Vergtung

1.Die Generalversammlung genehmigt an jeder ordentlichen Generalversammlung gesondert und bindend die Gesamtbetrge, die der Verwaltungsrat beantragt hat fr (in US Dollars, Schweizer Franken oder einer anderen Whrung): 

Article 19:Votes on Compensation

1.The shareholders' meeting shall approve at each ordinary shareholders' meeting, separately and bindingly, on the proposals by the board of directors regarding the aggregate amounts (expressed in U.S. dollars, Swiss francs or any other currency) of:

1.die maximale Vergtung des Verwaltungsrats gemss Artikel 31 der Statuten, die fr die Dauer bis zur nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung zur Auszahlung oder Zuteilung gelangen kann; und 

1.the maximum compensation of the board of directors pursuant to article 31 of these articles of association for the term of office until the next ordinary shareholders' meeting that may be paid or allocated; and

2.die maximale Gesamtvergtung der Geschftsleitung (fixe und variable Bestandteile) gemss Artikel 32 der Statuten, die im folgenden Geschftsjahr zur Auszahlung oder Zuteilung gelangen kann. 

2.the maximum overall compensation of the executive management (fixed and variable components) pursuant to article 32 of these articles of association that may be paid or allocated in the subsequent business year.

2.Der Verwaltungsrat kann die maximale Gesamtvergtung der Geschftsleitung in einen maximalen Gesamtbetrag fr fixe und einen fr variable Vergtungen unterteilen und die entsprechenden Antrge der Generalversammlung separat zur Genehmigung vorlegen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann der Generalversammlung zudem abweichende oder zustzliche Antrge in Bezug auf die gleichen oder andere Zeitperioden zur Genehmigung vorlegen. Der Verwaltungsrat kann die Aktionre an einer ordentlichen Generalversammlung um Genehmigung eines Gesamtbetrages oder eines Maximalgesamtbetrages der Vergtung des Verwaltungsrates bzw. der Geschftsleitung ersuchen, sei es auf retrospektiver Basis, prospektiver Basis oder einer Kombination davon. 

2.The board of directors may split the maximum overall compensation of the executive management to be proposed for approval into a maximum fixed and maximum variable compensation and submit the respective proposals for separate approval by the shareholders' meeting. Further, the board of directors may submit for approval by the shareholders' meeting deviating or additional proposals in relation to the same or different time periods. The board of directors may seek ratification or approval by the shareholders at an ordinary shareholder's meeting on a retrospective or prospective basis, or a combination thereof, of the aggregate amount or maximum aggregate amount, of compensation, respectively, of the board of directors and the executive management.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

21

3.Verweigert die Generalversammlung die Genehmigung der beantragten Vergtung bzw. der maximalen Gesamtvergtung, so kann der Verwaltungsrat an derselben Generalversammlung neue Antrge stellen, eine ausserordentliche Generalversammlung einberufen und diese neuen Antrge zur Genehmigung unterbreiten oder er kann die Antrge zur Vergtung retrospektiv von der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung genehmigen lassen. 

3.If the shareholders' meeting does not approve the proposed amount of the fixed or variable compensation, as the case may be, the board of directors may either submit new proposals at the same shareholders' meeting, convene an extraordinary shareholders' meeting and make new proposals for approval or may submit the proposals regarding compensation for retrospective approval at the next ordinary shareholders' meeting.

4.Die jeweiligen Gesamtbetrge verstehen sich inklusive smtlicher Beitrge der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrats bzw. der Geschftsleitung sowie der Gesellschaft an die Sozialversicherungen und Einrichtungen der beruflichen Vorsorge (Arbeitnehmer- und Arbeitgeberbeitrge). 

4.The aggregate compensation amounts for members of the board of directors and the executive management are deemed to be inclusive of all social security and pension contributions of the members of the board of directors, the executive management and the Company, respectively (contributions by employee and employer).

5.Die von der Generalversammlung genehmigten Vergtungen knnen von der Gesellschaft oder von ihr direkt oder indirekt kontrollierten Gesellschaften ausgezahlt werden. 

5.The compensation approved by the shareholders' meeting may be paid by the Company or by companies being directly or indirectly controlled by the Company.

6.Die Generalversammlung fhrt eine Konsultativabstimmung ber den vom Verwaltungsrat erstellten Vergtungsbericht durch. 

6.The shareholders' meeting shall cast a consultative vote on the compensation report issued by the board of directors.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

22

Artikel 20:Unabhngiger Stimmrechtsvertreter

1.Die Generalversammlung whlt einen unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreter. Whlbar sind natrliche Personen oder juristische Personen und andere Personengesellschaften. 

Article 20:Independent Proxy

1.The shareholders' meeting elects an independent proxy. Natural persons as well as legal entities and partnerships are eligible for election.

2.Die Amtsdauer des unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreters endet an der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung. Wiederwahl ist mglich. Seine Pflichten richten sich nach den anwendbaren gesetzlichen Bestimmungen. 

2.The term of office of the independent proxy ends at the next ordinary shareholders' meeting. Re-election is possible. The duties of the independent proxy are governed by the relevant statutory provisions.

IV.Verwaltungsrat 

IV.Board of Directors

Artikel 21:Anzahl, Amtsdauer, Konstituierung

1.Der Verwaltungsrat besteht aus mindestens drei (3) oder mehr Mitgliedern. Er wird in der Regel in der ordentlichen Generalversammlung und jeweils fr die Dauer von einem Jahr gewhlt. Die Amtsdauer der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates endet mit der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung, bei der das Quorum erreicht wurde. Vorbehalten bleiben vorheriger Rcktritt und Abberufung. Neue Mitglieder treten in die Amtsdauer derjenigen ein, die sie ersetzen. Die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates sind jederzeit wieder whlbar. 

Article 21:Number, Tenure, Organization

1.The board of directors consists of three (3) or more members. The members of the board of directors shall, as a rule, be elected by the ordinary shareholders' meeting in each case for a term of office of one year. The term of office of the members of the board of directors shall, subject to prior resignation and removal, expire on the next ordinary shareholders' meeting at which there is a quorum. New members assume the remaining length of term of the members they replace. The members of the board of directors may be re-elected without limitation.

2.Der Verwaltungsrat konstituiert sich selbst vorbehaltlich der Wahl des Prsidenten. Er kann einen Sekretr bezeichnen, der nicht Mitglied des Verwaltungsrates oder Aktionr sein muss. 

2.The board of directors constitutes itself with the exception of the election of the chairperson. The board of directors may appoint a secretary who need not be a member of the board of directors or shareholder.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

23

Artikel 22:Organisation und Protokoll

1.Sitzungsordnung, Beschlussfhigkeit (Prsenzquorum) und Beschlussfassung des Verwaltungsrats richten sich nach dem Organisationsreglement. 

Article 22:Organization and Minutes

1.The organization of the meetings, the presence quorum and the passing of resolutions of the board of directors shall be in compliance with the by-laws.

2.Der Verwaltungsrat fasst seine Beschlsse und vollzieht seine Wahlen mit der Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen. Bei Stimmengleichheit hat der Vorsitzende keinen Stichentscheid. 

2.The board of directors adopts its resolutions and carries out its elections by means of the simple majority of the votes cast. In case of a tie, the chairperson does not have the casting vote.

3.Sitzungen knnen mit elektronischen Mitteln ohne Tagungsort durchgefhrt werden. 

3.Meetings may be held by electronic means without a meeting venue.

4.ber die Verhandlungen und Beschlsse des Verwaltungsrates ist ein Protokoll zu fhren. Das Protokoll ist vom Vorsitzenden und vom Protokollfhrer des Verwaltungsrates zu unterzeichnen. 

4.Minutes shall be kept of the deliberations and resolutions of the board of directors. The minutes shall be signed by the chairperson and the secretary of the meeting.

5.Beschlsse knnen auch auf schriftlichem Weg auf Papier oder in elektronischer Form gefasst werden, sofern nicht ein Mitglied mndliche Beratung verlangt. Bei Beschlussfassung auf elektronischem Weg ist keine Unterschrift erforderlich. Bei Beschlssen auf schriftlichem Weg oder in elektronischer Form ist die absolute Mehrheit des Verwaltungsrates zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich. 

5.Resolutions may also be passed in writing on paper or in electronic form if no member requests that the resolution be discussed in a meeting. No signature is required if the resolutions are passed by using electronic means. Such written resolutions and resolutions in electronic form shall only pass if adopted by the absolute majority of the votes of the board of directors.

Artikel 23:Oberleitung, Delegation

1.Dem Verwaltungsrat obliegt die oberste Leitung der Gesellschaft und die berwachung der Geschftsfhrung. Er vertritt die Gesellschaft nach aussen und besorgt alle Angelegenheiten, die nicht nach Gesetz, Statuten oder Organisationsreglement einem anderen Organ der Gesellschaft bertragen sind. 

Article 23:Ultimate Management, Delegation

1.The board of directors is entrusted with the ultimate management of the Company as well as the supervision of the management. It represents the Company towards third parties and attends to all matters which are not delegated to or reserved for another corporate body of the Company by law, the articles of association, or the by-laws.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

24

2.Der Verwaltungsrat kann die Geschftsfhrung oder einzelne Teile derselben sowie die Vertretung der Gesellschaft an eine oder mehrere Personen, die entweder Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates oder Dritte sind, delegieren. Er kann ein Organisationsreglement erlassen, welches auch weitergehende Regelungen zur Organisation und den Kompetenzen und Pflichten des Verwaltungsrates enthalten kann. 

2.The board of directors may delegate the management and the representation of the Company wholly or in part to one or several persons, being either members of the board of directors or third parties. The board of directors may adopt by-laws which may contain further provisions relating to the organization and the authorities and duties of the board of directors.

Artikel 24:Aufgaben

1.Der Verwaltungsrat hat folgende unbertragbare und unentziehbare Aufgaben: 

Article 24:Duties

1.The board of directors has the following non-transferable and inalienable duties:

1.Oberleitung der Gesellschaft und Erteilung der ntigen Weisungen;

2.Festlegung der Organisation;

3.Ausgestaltung des Rechnungswesens, der Finanzkontrolle sowie der Finanzplanung;

4.Ernennung und Abberufung der mit der Geschftsfhrung und der Vertretung betrauten Personen und Regelung der Zeichnungsberechtigung;

5.Oberaufsicht ber die mit der Geschftsfhrung betrauten Personen, namentlich im Hinblick auf die Befolgung der Gesetze, Statuten, Reglemente und Weisungen;

6.Erstellung des Geschftsberichts sowie Vorbereitung der Generalversammlung und Ausfhrung ihrer Beschlsse; 

7.Einreichung eines Gesuchs um Nachlassstundung und Benachrichtigung des Gerichts im Falle der berschuldung; 

1.to ultimately manage the Company and issue the necessary directives;

2.to determine the organization;

3.to structure the accounting system, the financial control and the financial planning;

4.to appoint and remove the persons entrusted with the management and the representation of the Company and to regulate signing authorities;

5.to ultimately supervise the persons entrusted with the management, in particular with respect to compliance with the law, the articles of association, the by-laws and directives;

6.to prepare the business report as well as the shareholders' meeting and to implement the resolutions adopted by the shareholders' meeting;

7.to file an application for a composition moratorium and to notify the court in the event of over-indebtedness;

8.to prepare the compensation report;

Statuten / Articles of Association 

25

8.Erstellung des Vergtungsberichts;

9.Beschlussfassung ber die Feststellung von Kapitalvernderungen und daraus folgende Statutennderungen; und

10.Prfung der gesetzlichen Anforderungen an die Revisionsstelle. 

9.to confirm changes in share capital and amend the articles of association accordingly; and

10.to examine the statutory requirements of the auditor.

2.Hat die Gesellschaft keinen unabhngigen Stimmrechtsvertreter, so ernennt der Verwaltungsrat jeweils fr die Dauer bis zum Abschluss der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung einen Ersatz. Der Ersatz fr den Vergtungsausschuss muss ein Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats sein. 

2.If the Company does not have an independent proxy, the board of directors shall appoint a substitute for the time period until the conclusion of the next ordinary shareholders' meeting. The substitute for the compensation committee must be a member of the board of directors.

Artikel 25:Verwaltungsratsausschsse

1.Der Verwaltungsrat kann aus seiner Mitte stndige Ausschsse whlen. Artikel 26 der Statuten bleibt vorbehalten. 

Article 25:Committees of the Board of Directors

1.The board of directors may elect committees among its members. Article 26 of these articles of association remains reserved.

2.Der Verwaltungsrat bestimmt die Einzelheiten im Organisationsreglement oder in den anwendbaren Ausschussreglementen. 

2.The board of directors shall determine the details in the by-laws or in the applicable committee charters.

Artikel 26:Vergtungsausschuss

1.Der Vergtungsausschuss besteht aus mindestens drei (3) Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrates, die von der Generalversammlung gewhlt werden. Die Amtsdauer der Mitglieder des Vergtungsausschusses betrgt ein Jahr und endet mit Abschluss der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung. Wiederwahl ist zulssig. 

Article 26:Compensation Committee

1.The compensation committee shall consist of at least three (3) members of the board of directors and shall be elected by the shareholders' meeting. The term of office of the members of the compensation committee shall be one year and shall end at the conclusion of the next ordinary shareholders' meeting. Re-election is possible.

2.Ist der Vergtungsausschuss nicht vollstndig besetzt, ernennt der Verwaltungsrat aus seiner Mitte Ersatzmitglieder fr eine Amtsdauer bis zum Abschluss der nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung. 

2.If there are vacancies on the compensation committee, the board of directors may appoint substitute members from among its members for a term of office extending until completion of the next shareholders' meeting.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

26

3.Der Vergtungsausschuss hat die folgenden Aufgaben in Vergtungsfragen: 

3.The compensation committee has the following duties regarding compensation matters:

1.Vorbereitung und periodische berarbeitung der Vergtungspolitik, Vergtungsstrategie und -prinzipien der Gesellschaft und der Leistungskriterien im Bereich der Vergtung und periodische berprfung der Umsetzung derselben sowie diesbezgliche Antragstellung und Abgabe von Empfehlungen an den Verwaltungsrat; 

1.preparation and periodical review of the Company's compensation policy, compensation strategy and principles and the performance criteria related to compensation and periodical review of their implementation as well as submission of proposals and recommendations to the board of directors;

2.Antragstellung an den Verwaltungsrat betreffend Grundstze und Struktur der Vergtungsplne fr die Geschftsleitung; 

2.proposals to the board of directors regarding the principles and structure of the compensation plans for the executive management;

3.Untersttzung des Verwaltungsrats bei der Ausarbeitung der Antrge an die Generalversammlung betreffend Genehmigung der maximalen Vergtung des Verwaltungsrats sowie der maximalen Vergtung (feste Vergtung und variable Vergtung) der Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung; 

3.support the board of directors in preparing the proposals to the shareholders' meeting regarding the approval of the maximum compensation of the board of directors as well as the maximum compensation (fixed compensation and variable compensation) of the executive management;

4.Vorlage des Vergtungsberichts an den Verwaltungsrat zur Genehmigung; 

4.submission of the compensation report to the board of directors for approval;

5.Information des Verwaltungsrats ber Richtlinien, Programme und wichtige Entscheidungen sowie Vergleiche der Vergtungsniveaus bei wichtigen Konkurrenten; 

5.information of the board of directors about policies, programs and key decisions as well as comparisons of compensation levels at key competitors;

6.regelmssige Berichterstattung an den Verwaltungsrat ber Entscheidungen und Beratungen des Vergtungsausschusses; und 

6.regular reporting to the board of directors on the decisions and deliberations of the compensation committee; and

7.weitere Aufgaben und Kompetenzen, die ihm vom Verwaltungsrat bertragen wurden. 

7.further duties and responsibilities as delegated by the board of directors.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

27

4.Der Verwaltungsrat regelt allfllige weitere Aufgaben und Zustndigkeiten des Vergtungsausschuss im Organisationsreglement oder im anwendbaren Ausschussreglements. 

4.The board of directors will provide for possible further duties and responsibilities of the compensation committee in the by-laws or applicable committee charter.

V.Revisionsstelle 

V.Auditor

Artikel 27:Wahl, Anforderungen

1.Die Generalversammlung whlt eine Revisionsstelle. Die Revisionsstelle ist in das Handelsregister einzutragen. 

Article 27:Election, Qualification

1.The shareholders' meeting elects an auditor. The auditors must be registered in the commercial register.

2.Die Gesellschaft hat ihre Jahresrechnung durch eine Revisionsstelle ordentlich prfen zu lassen. 

2.The auditors shall perform a regular audit of the Company's annual financial statements.

3.Der Verwaltungsrat ist verpflichtet, die Einhaltung dieser Bestimmungen zu berwachen und der Generalversammlung eine Revisionsstelle zur Wahl vorzuschlagen, welche die entsprechenden Anforderungen erfllt, insbesondere hinsichtlich fachlicher Qualifikation und Unabhngigkeit gemss den Vorschriften des OR (Art. 727 ff.) und Revisionsaufsichtsgesetzes vom 16. Dezember 2005 in der jeweiligen Fassung. 

3.The board of directors shall monitor compliance with these provisions and nominate for election by the shareholders' meeting such auditors which meet the respective requirements, in particular, regarding qualification and independence pursuant to the provisions of the CO (art. 727 et seqq.) and the Swiss Audit Supervision Act of 16 December 2005 in the relevant applicable version.

4.Die Revisionsstelle wird fr ein Geschftsjahr gewhlt. Ihr Amt endet mit der Abnahme der letzten Jahresrechnung. Eine Wiederwahl ist mglich. Eine Abberufung ist nur aus wichtigen Grnden mglich. 

4.The auditor is elected for one business year. Its term of office terminates with the approval of the last financial statements. A re-election is possible. A dismissal is only possible for important reasons.

5.Die Revisionsstelle hat die Rechte und Pflichten gemss Art. 728 ff. OR. 

5.The auditors' rights and obligations are those foreseen in art. 728 et seqq. of the CO.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

28

Artikel 28:Aufgaben

1.Wird eine Revisionsstelle bestimmt, obliegen ihr die gesetzlichen Rechte und Pflichten gemss Art. 727 ff. OR. 

Article 28:Duties

1.If an auditor is elected, its rights and obligations are those set forth in art. 727 et seqq. of the CO.

2.Erfolgt eine ordentliche Revision, so muss die Revisionsstelle an der Generalversammlung anwesend sein. 

2.If an ordinary audit has taken place, the statutory auditor must be present at the shareholders' meeting.

VI.Vergtungen und damit zusammenhngende Bestimmungen 

VI.Compensation and Related Provisions

Artikel 29:Zulssige weitere Ttigkeiten

1.Die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrats drfen je die folgenden weiteren Ttigkeiten in vergleichbaren Funktionen bei anderen Unternehmen mit wirtschaftlichem Zweck ausben: 

Article 29:Permitted Additional Activities

1.The members of the board of directors may have the following other functions in comparable positions in other companies with commercial objects:

1.maximal sieben (7) Mandate als Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder als Mitglied anderer oberster Leitungs- oder Verwaltungsorgane von brsenkotierten Unternehmen; sowie zustzlich 

1.up to seven (7) mandates as member of the board of directors or any other executive management or administrative body of listed companies; and, in addition

2.maximal fnfzehn (15) Mandate als Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder als Mitglied anderer oberster Leitungs- oder Verwaltungsorgane von Rechtseinheiten, welche nicht brsenkotiert sind. 

2.up to fifteen (15) mandates as member of the board of directors or any other executive management or administrative body of legal entities that are not listed.

2.Die Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung drfen mit Genehmigung des Verwaltungsrates je die folgenden weiteren Ttigkeiten in vergleichbaren Funktionen bei anderen Unternehmen mit wirtschaftlichem Zweck ausben: 

2.With the approval of the board of directors, the members of the executive management may have the following other functions in comparable positions in other companies with commercial objects:

1.maximal zwei (2) Mandate als Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder als Mitglied eines anderen obersten Leitungs- oder Verwaltungsorgans von brsenkotierten Unternehmen; sowie zustzlich 

1.up to two (2) mandates as member of the board of directors or any other executive management or administrative body of listed companies; and, in addition

Statuten / Articles of Association 

29

2.maximal sechs (6) Mandate als Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder als Mitglied anderer oberster Leitungs- oder Verwaltungsorgane in weiteren Rechtseinheiten, welche nicht brsenkotiert sind. 

2.up to six (6) mandates as member of the board of directors or any other executive management or administrative body of other legal entities that are not listed.

3.Die folgenden Mandate fallen nicht unter die Beschrnkungen gemss Absatz 1 und Absatz 2 dieses Artikel 29: 

3.The following mandates shall not be subject to the limitations set forth in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article 29:

1.Mandate in Unternehmen, die durch die Gesellschaft kontrolliert werden, die die Gesellschaft kontrollieren oder die mit der Gesellschaft unter gemeinsamer Kontrolle stehen; 

1.mandates in companies which are controlled by the Company, which control the Company or which are under common control with the Company;

2.Mandate, die auf Anordnung der Gesellschaft oder von dieser kontrollierten Gesellschaften wahrgenommen werden, kein Mitglied des Verwaltungsrates oder der Geschftsleitung darf jedoch mehr als zehn (10) solche Mandate wahrnehmen; und 

2.mandates held at the request of the Company or companies controlled by it, provided however that no member of the board of directors or the executive management shall hold more than ten (10)such mandates; and

3.Mandate in Vereinen oder Verbnden, gemeinntzigen Organisationen, Stiftungen, Personalfrsorgestiftungen und hnlichen Einrichtungen. Kein Mitglied des Verwaltungsrates oder der Geschftsleitung kann mehr als fnfzehn (15) solche Mandate wahrnehmen. 

3.mandates in associations or federations, charitable organizations, foundations, employee welfare foundations and other similar organizations. No member of the board of directors or the executive management shall hold more than fifteen (15) such mandates.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

30

Artikel 30:Vertrge, die den Vergtungen fr Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates und der Geschftsleitung zugrunde liegen

1.Die Gesellschaft oder von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften knnen mit Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrates unbefristete oder befristete Mandatsvertrge oder andere Vertrge ber deren Vergtung als Verwaltungsrte abschliessen. Die Dauer von befristeten Vertrgen darf die Amtsdauer eines Verwaltungsrates nicht berschreiten. Eine Erneuerung eines befristeten Vertrages ist zulssig. 

Article 30:Agreements related to Compensation of Members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management

1.The Company or companies under its control may enter into mandate or other agreements with the members of the board of directors regarding their compensation as directors for a fixed term or for an indefinite term. The duration of fixed term agreements may not exceed a director's term of office. A renewal of a fixed term agreement is permissible.

2.Die Gesellschaft oder von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften knnen mit Mitgliedern der Geschftsleitung unbefristete oder befristete Arbeitsvertrge oder andere Vertrge ber deren Vergtung als Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung abschliessen. Befristete Vertrge haben eine Hchstdauer von einem (1) Jahr. Die Erneuerung eines befristeten Vertrages ist zulssig. Unbefristete Vertrge haben eine Kndigungsfrist von maximal zwlf (12) Monaten. 

2.The Company or companies under its control may enter into employment agreements or other agreements with the members of the executive management regarding their compensation as members of the executive management for an indefinite period or a fixed term. If the board of directors considers a fixed term appropriate, such fixed term shall not exceed one (1) year. The renewal of a fixed term agreement is permissible. Employment agreements for an indefinite term shall have a notice period of maximum twelve (12) months.

3.Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung knnen whrend der Kndigungsfrist von ihrer Arbeitspflicht befreit werden. Des Weiteren ist es zulssig, dass die Gesellschaft oder von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften Aufhebungs- oder hnliche Vereinbarungen abschliessen. 

3.Members of the executive management may be released from their obligation of work during the notice period. Further, it shall be permissible for the Company or companies under its control to enter into termination or similar agreements.

4.Die Vereinbarung von Konkurrenzverboten mit Mitgliedern der Geschftsleitung fr die Zeit nach Beendigung eines Arbeitsvertrags und deren Abgeltung ist zulssig, soweit dies geschftsmssig begrndet ist. Die Abgeltung eines solchen Konkurrenzverbots darf den Durchschnitt der Vergtung der letzten drei (3) Geschftsjahre nicht bersteigen. 

4.Non-competition obligations for the time following termination of an employment contract with members of the executive management and the associated compensation are permitted to the extent that they are justified from a business perspective. The compensation for such a non-competition obligations shall not exceed the average compensation of the last three (3) financial years.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

31

Artikel 31:Grundstze der Vergtungen fr die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates

1.Die Vergtung der Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates besteht, unter Vorbehalt der Genehmigung durch die Generalversammlung, aus einer fixen Vergtung und kann auch variable Vergtungselemente umfassen. Die fixe Vergtung umfasst ein fixes Grundhonorar und fixe Entschdigungen fr den Vorsitz und die Mitgliedschaften in den Verwaltungsratsausschssen oder fr Funktionen des Verwaltungsrats sowie eine pauschale Spesenentschdigung, die jeweils vom Gesamtverwaltungsrat auf Antrag des Vergtungsausschusses unter Vorbehalt und im Rahmen der durch die Generalversammlung genehmigten maximalen Gesamtvergtung festzusetzen sind. Eine variable Vergtung umfasst erfolgsabhngige Vergtungselemente und Finanzinstrumente (z.B. performance stock units (PSU)) und richtet sich nach dem Erreichungsgrad bestimmter vom Verwaltungsrat im Voraus definierter strategischer und finanzieller Unternehmensziele ber eine vom Verwaltungsrat festzulegende Leistungsperiode. Die Vergtung der Verwaltungsratsmitglieder wird in bar, in Form von Beteiligungsinstrumenten der Gesellschaft und anderen Leistungen ausgerichtet. 

Article 31:Principles of Compensation relating to the Members of the Board of Directors

1.Subject to approval by the shareholder's meeting, the compensation of the members of the board of directors consists of fixed compensation elements and may include variable compensation elements. The fixed compensation consists of a fixed base fee and fixed fees for chairpersonship and memberships in board committees or for roles of the board of directors as well as a lump sum compensation for expenses which are determined by the full board of directors based on the proposal of the compensation committee, subject to and within the limits of the aggregate maximum amounts approved by the shareholder's meeting. The variable compensation consists of performance-related compensation elements and financial instruments (e.g. performance stock units (PSU)) and depends on the achievement of strategic and/or financial targets set in advance by the board of directors over the course of a performance period defined by the board of directors. The compensation is awarded in cash, in form of equity instruments in the Company and other benefits.

2.Sofern die Vergtung ganz oder teilweise in Form von Beteiligungsinstrumenten ausbezahlt wird, legt der Verwaltungsrat die Zuteilungsbedingungen, Vesting-Bedingungen, Ausbungsbedingungen und -fristen sowie allfllige Sperrfristen und Verfallsbedingungen fest. 

2.In case the compensation is paid in whole or in part in equity instruments, the board of directors shall determine the grant, vesting, exercise, selling, and forfeiture restrictions and conditions.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

32

3.Die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrats knnen zustzlich fr Beratungsleistungen zugunsten der Gesellschaft oder anderer Konzerngesellschaften, die sie nicht in ihrer Funktion als Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats erbringen, nach marktblichen Anstzen in bar entschdigt werden unter Vorbehalt der Genehmigung durch die Generalversammlung. 

3.The members of the board of directors providing consulting services to the Company or any of its group companies in a function other than as members of the board of directors may be compensated in cash according to standard market rates subject to approval by the shareholders' meeting.

Artikel 32:Grundstze der Vergtungen fr die Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung

1.Die Vergtung der Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung besteht, unter Vorbehalt der Genehmigung durch die Generalversammlung, aus einer fixen Vergtung sowie einer variablen Vergtung. Die fixe Vergtung umfasst das Grundgehalt und kann weitere Vergtungselemente und Leistungen umfassen. Die variable Vergtung kann aus kurzfristigen und langfristigen Vergtungselementen bestehen. Die Vergtung der Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung wird in bar, in Form von Beteiligungsinstrumenten der Gesellschaft und anderen Leistungen ausgerichtet.

Die kurzfristige variable Vergtung richtet sich nach dem Erreichungsgrad bestimmter vom Verwaltungsrat im Voraus definierter Ziele ber eine einjhrige Leistungsperiode, die in der Regel dem Geschftsjahr der Gesellschaft entspricht. Die Ziele werden fr jedes Geschftsleitungsmitglied unter Bercksichtigung seiner/ihrer Position, Verantwortung und Aufgaben jhrlich vor oder zu Beginn der einjhrigen Leistungsperiode vom Verwaltungsrat festgelegt. Auszahlungen unterliegen Obergrenzen, die als festgelegte Multiplikatoren der jeweiligen Zielwerte ausgedrckt werden knnen. 

Article 32:Principles of Compensation relating to the Members of the Executive Management

1.Subject to approval by the shareholders' meeting, compensation for members of the executive management consists of fixed base compensation as well as variable compensation. The fixed compensation consists of the base compensation and may comprise additional compensation elements and benefits. The variable compensation may consist of short-term and long-term components. Compensation to members of the executive management may be awarded in cash, in form of equity instruments in the Company and other benefits.

The short-term variable compensation depends on the achievement of targets set in advance by the board of directors over the course of a one-year performance period, which typically corresponds with the business year of the Company. Targets shall be determined on an annual basis for each member of the executive management, taking into account his/her position, responsibilities, and tasks, before or at the beginning of the one-year performance period. Pay-outs shall be subject to caps that may be expressed as pre-determined multipliers of the respective target levels.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

33

2.Die langfristige variable Vergtung bercksichtigt den nachhaltigen, langfristigen Erfolg und die strategischen Ziele der Gesellschaft. Erfolge werden blicherweise anhand eines Zeitraumes von mehreren Jahren gemessen. Die langfristigen variablen Vergtungszahlungen unterliegen Obergrenzen, die als festgelegte Multiplikatoren der jeweiligen Zielwerte ausgedrckt werden knnen. 

2.The long-term variable compensation shall take into account the sustainable long-term performance and strategic objectives of the Company. Achievements are generally measured based on a period of several years. The long-term compensation pay-outs shall be subject to caps that may be expressed as pre-determined multipliers of the respective target levels.

3.Der Verwaltungsrat legt auf Antrag des Vergtungsausschusses Leistungskennzahlen, Zielhhe und Zielerreichungsgrad sowie Zuteilungsbedingungen, Vesting-Bedingungen, Ausbungsbedingungen und -fristen sowie allfllige Sperrfristen und Verfallsbedingungen in Bezug auf zuzuteilende Beteiligungsinstrumente. Die Bedingungen knnen insbesondere vorsehen, dass aufgrund des Eintritts im Voraus bestimmter Ereignisse wie eines Kontrollwechsels oder der Beendigung eines Arbeits- oder Mandatsverhltnisses Vesting-Bedingungen, Ausbungsbedingungen und -fristen, Sperrfristen und Verfallsbedingungen weiter gelten, verkrzt oder aufgehoben werden, Vergtungen unter Annahme der Erreichung der Zielwerte ausgerichtet werden oder Vergtungen verfallen. Die Gesellschaft kann die erforderlichen Beteiligungsinstrumente auf dem Markt erwerben oder unter Nutzung ihres bedingten Kapitals bereitstellen. 

3.The board of directors shall, at the request of the compensation committee, determine the performance metrics, target levels and target achievement as well as determine grant, vesting, exercise, selling, and forfeiture restrictions and conditions and periods in relation to equity instruments to be awarded. In particular, the conditions may provide for continuation, acceleration or removal of vesting, exercise, restriction and forfeiture conditions and periods, for payment or grant of compensation based upon assumed target achievement, or for forfeiture, in each case in the event of pre-determined events such as a change-of-control or termination of an employment or mandate agreement. The Company may procure the required equity instruments through purchases in the market or by using conditional share capital.

4.Die Vergtung kann durch die Gesellschaft oder durch von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften ausgerichtet werden. 

4.Compensation may be paid by the Company or companies under its control.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

34

Artikel 33:Schadloshaltung

1.Unter Vorbehalt des OR und anderer anwendbarer Gesetze hlt die Gesellschaft aktuelle und ehemalige Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates und der Geschftsleitung sowie deren Erben und gesetzlichen Vertreter fr alle zulssigen Sanktionen, fr die eine solche Person haftet oder haftbar gemacht werden kann, schadlos, und die Gesellschaft erstattet nach dem endgltigen Abschluss eines rechtmssigen Verfahrens die tatschlich und angemessen angefallenen Auslagen, die dieser Person im Zusammenhang mit diesem Verfahren entstanden sind, vorausgesetzt , dass sich diese Schadloshaltung nicht auf Angelegenheiten bezieht, bei denen ein zustndiges Gericht bzw. zustndige Verwaltungsbehrde in einem nicht weiterziehbaren Entscheid befunden hat, dass eine dieser Personen ihre gesetzlichen Pflichten als Mitglied des Verwaltungsrates oder der Geschftsleitung absichtlich oder grobfahrlssig verletzt hat.

Vorbehltlich jeglicher Beschrnkungen im OR oder anderen anwendbaren Gesetzen kann die Gesellschaft jede weitere Personen schadlos halten.

2.Fr die Zwecke dieser Statuten bedeutet "zulssigen Sanktionen" ein Urteil, eine Geldstrafe oder eine Geldbusse, die in einem zulssigen Verfahren verhngt oder auferlegt wurde, oder ein Betrag, der im Rahmen eines Vergleichs fr ein solches Verfahren gezahlt wurde.

Fr die Zwecke dieser Statuten bedeutet "zulssiges Verfahren" ein drohendes, hngiges oder abgeschlossenes Gerichtsverfahren oder eine Untersuchung, in der ein aktuelles oder ehemaliges Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder ein aktuelles oder ehemaliges Geschftsleitungsmitglied ("berechtigte Partei") oder deren Erbe oder gesetzlicher Vertreter der berechtigten Partei aufgrund der Tatsache, dass die berechtigte Partei Verwaltungsratsmitglied oder Geschftsleitungsmitglied der Gesellschaft ist bzw. war, (i) als Partei vorgeladen ist oder werden kann, oder (ii) haftbar gemacht wird oder werden kann fr ein Urteil, eine Geldstrafe oder Geldbusse oder fr Kosten, Aufwendungen und Ausgaben im Zusammenhang mit dem Verfahren (einschliesslich Rechts- und anderer Gebhren, jedoch ohne Urteile, Geldstrafen, Geldbussen oder Betrge, die im Rahmen eines Vergleichs eines Verfahrens gezahlt wurden). 

Article 33: Indemnification

1.Subject to the CO and other applicable law, the Company shall indemnify the existing and former members of the board of directors and executive management of the Company, and their heirs, and legal personal representatives against all eligible penalties to which such person is or may be liable, and the Company shall, after the final disposition of an eligible proceeding, pay the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person in respect of that proceeding, provided, however, that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in which any of said persons is found, in a final judgment or decree of a court or governmental or administrative authority of competent jurisdiction not subject to appeal, to have committed an intentional or grossly negligent breach of his or her statutory duties as a member of the board of directors or executive management of the Company.

Subject to any restrictions in the CO or other applicable law, the Company may indemnify any person. 

2.For the purposes of these articles of association, "eligible penalty" means a judgement, penalty or fine awarded or imposed in, or an amount paid for in settlement of, an eligible proceeding. 

For the purposes of these articles of association, "eligible proceeding" means a legal proceeding or investigative action, whether current, threatened, pending or completed, in which a director or former director or member of executive management or former member of executive management (an "eligible party") or any of the heirs and legal personal representatives of the eligible party, by reason of the eligible party being or having been a director or member of executive management of the Company (i) is or may be joined as a party, or (ii) is or may be liable for or in respect of a judgement, penalty or fine in, or costs, charges, and expenses (including legal and other fees, but excluding judgements, penalties, fine or amounts paid in settlement of a proceeding) related to the proceeding.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

35

Artikel 34:Darlehen, Kredite, Vorsorgeleistungen ausserhalb der beruflichen Vorsorge, Sicherheiten

1.Die Gesellschaft oder von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften drfen den Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrats und der Geschftsleitung keine Darlehen gewhren. 

Article 34:Loans, Credits, Pension Benefits other than from Occupational Pension Funds, Securities

1.The Company or companies under its control shall not grant any loans to members of the board of directors or the executive management.

2.Die Gesellschaft oder von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften knnen den Mitgliedern des Verwaltungsrates und der Geschftsleitung ber die berufliche Vorsorge hinausgehende Vorsorgeleistungen gewhren, welche die zuletzt ausbezahlte jhrliche Vergtung des jeweiligen Mitglieds des Verwaltungsrates oder der Geschftsleitung nicht bersteigen. 

2.The Company or companies controlled by it may grant to members of the board of directors and the executive management post-retirement benefits beyond the occupational benefit schemes, which do not exceed the annual compensation of the respective member of the board of directors or the executive management last paid.

Artikel 35:Zusatzbetrag fr Vergtungen fr neue Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung

1.Soweit neue Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung ernannt werden und ihre Stelle antreten, nachdem die Generalversammlung die maximale Gesamtvergtung fr die Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung fr das kommende Geschftsjahr genehmigt hat, darf die Gesellschaft und von ihr kontrollierte Gesellschaften diesen neuen Mitgliedern eine Vergtung von je maximal 40% der von der Generalversammlung letztmals fr die Geschftsleitung genehmigten maximalen Gesamtvergtung ausgerichtet werden. 

Article 35:Additional Amounts of Compensation for new Members of the Executive Management

1.If newly appointed members of the executive management take office after the shareholders' meeting has approved the aggregate maximum amount of compensation of the members of the executive management for the next business year, such newly appointed members may receive from the Company or companies under its control, a compensation in each case of up to 40% of the last aggregate maximum amount of compensation for the executive management approved by the shareholders' meeting.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

36

2.Dieser Zusatzbetrag darf nur verwendet werden, wenn der von der Generalversammlung beschlossene Gesamtbetrag der Vergtungen der Geschftsleitung bis zur nchsten ordentlichen Generalversammlung nicht ausreicht fr Vergtungen der neuen Mitglieder. ber den verwendeten Zusatzbetrag stimmt die Generalversammlung nicht ab. 

2.This additional amount of compensation may only be paid, if the aggregate amount of compensation for the executive management that has been approved by the shareholders' meeting until the next shareholders' meeting is not sufficient to compensate the newly appointed members. The shareholders' meeting may not vote on this additional amount.

3.Die Gesellschaft darf im Rahmen dieses Zusatzbetrags einem neu eintretenden Mitglied der Geschftsleitung eine zustzliche einmalige Vergtung in bar und/oder in Form von Beteiligungsinstrumenten zum Ausgleich von durch den Stellenwechsel erlittenen Nachteilen gewhren. Reicht der Zusatzbetrag zum Ausgleich der genannten Nachteile nicht aus, so ist der den Zusatzbetrag bersteigende Betrag der Antrittsprmie durch die nchste ordentliche Generalversammlung zu genehmigen. 

3.Within this additional amount of compensation, the Company can provide additional one-off remuneration in cash and/or equity instruments to compensate a newly joining member of the executive management for disadvantages incurred in connection with the change of employment. If the additional amount is not sufficient to compensate for the disadvantages, the part of the bonus surpassing the additional amount has to be approved by the next ordinary shareholders' meeting.

VII.Verschiedenes 

VII.Miscellaneous

Artikel 36:Geschftsjahr, Jahresrechnung

1.Der Verwaltungsrat bestimmt den Beginn und das Ende eines Geschftsjahrs. 

Article 36:Business Year, Financial Statements

1.The board of directors determines the beginning and the end of the business year.

2.Die Jahresrechnung, bestehend aus der Erfolgsrechnung, der Bilanz und dem Anhang, wird gemss den Vorschriften des OR aufgestellt. 

2.The financial statements, consisting of the profit and loss statement, the balance sheet and the annex, shall be drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the CO.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

37

Artikel 37:Mitteilungen und Bekanntmachungen

1.Publikationsorgan der Gesellschaft ist das Schweizerische Handelsamtsblatt (SHAB). Der Verwaltungsrat kann weitere Publikationsorgane bestimmen. 

Article 37:Notices and Announcements

1.The publication instrument of the Company is the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce. The board of directors may determine other organs of publication.

2.Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft an die Aktionre sowie andere Bekanntmachungen erfolgen durch Publikation im Schweizerischen Handelsamtsblatt (SHAB) und/oder knnen stattdessen oder zustzlich versandt werden (i) per Brief an ihre im Aktienregister eingetragenen Adressen, der mit normaler Post verschickt wird, (ii) per E-Mail oder (iii) in einer anderen Form, die der Verwaltungsrat fr angemessen hlt. 

2.Notices by the Company to the shareholders and other announcements may be validly given by publication in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce and/or instead or in addition be sent (i) by letter to the addresses registered in the share register sent by ordinary mail, (ii) by e-mail, or (iii) in any other form the board of directors deems appropriate.

Artikel 38:Liquidation

1.Die Liquidation wird durch den Verwaltungsrat durchgefhrt, sofern sie nicht durch die Generalversammlung anderen Personen bertragen wird. 

Article 38:Liquidation

1.The liquidation shall be carried out by the board of directors to the extent that the shareholders' meeting has not entrusted the same to other persons.

2.Die Liquidation der Gesellschaft erfolgt nach Massgabe der Art. 742 ff. OR. Die Liquidatoren sind ermchtigt, Aktiven (Grundstcke eingeschlossen) auch freihndig zu verkaufen. 

2.The liquidation of the Company shall take place in accordance with art. 742 et seq. CO. The liquidators are authorized to dispose of the assets (including real estate) by way of private contract.

Artikel 39:Gerichtsstand

1.Der ausschliessliche Gerichtsstand fr smtliche aus dem Gesellschaftsverhltnis entstehenden Streitigkeiten befindet sich am Sitz der Gesellschaft. 

Article 39:Jurisdiction

1.The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from the corporate relationship shall be at the registered office of the Company.

2.Unbeschadet des im vorstehenden Absatz vereinbarten Gerichtsstands kann die Gesellschaft, falls sie es vorzieht, ihre Organe oder Aktionre an deren ordentlichem Gerichtsstand bei dem sachlich zustndigen Gericht belangen. 

2.Without prejudice to the place of jurisdiction agreed in the preceding paragraph, the Company may, if it so prefers, take legal action against its executive bodies or shareholders before the competent court at their ordinary place of jurisdiction.

Statuten / Articles of Association 

38

Artikel 40:Verbindlicher Originaltext

Massgebender Text der vorliegenden Statuten ist der deutsche Text. 

Article 40:Original Text Binding

The authoritative text of these articles of association is the German text.

Vancouver, 17. Januar 2025 

Vancouver, 17 January 2025

Alun Robert George Doyle Oleksandr Shulga

Statuten / Articles of Association 

39

Inhaltsverzeichnis 

Table of Contents

I.Allgemeine Bestimmungen 1

I.General Provisions 1

Artikel 1:Firma, Sitz, Dauer 1

Article 1:Corporate Name, Registered Office, Duration 1

Artikel 2:Zweck 1

Article 2:Purpose 1

II.Aktienkapital 2

II.Share Capital 2

Artikel 3:Anzahl Aktien, Nominalwert, Art 2

Article 3:Number of Shares, Par Value, Type 2

Artikel 4:Kapitalband 2

Article 4:Capital Band 2

Artikel 5:Bedingtes Aktienkapital fr Aktienbeteiligungsprogramme 6

Article 5:Conditional Share Capital for Equity Incentive Plans 6

Artikel 6:Bedingtes Aktienkapital fr Finanzierungszwecke 7

Article 6:Conditional Share Capital for Financing Purposes 7

Artikel 7:Form der Aktien 9

Article 7:Form of Shares 9

Artikel 8:Anerkennung der Statuten 10

Article 8:Recognition of Articles 10

Artikel 9:Aktienbuch, Rechtsausbung 10

Article 9:Share Register, Exercise of Rights 11

III.Generalversammlung 13

III.Shareholders' Meeting 13

Artikel 10:Ordentliche und ausserordentliche Generalversammlungen 13

Article 10:Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings 13

Artikel 11:Einberufung 13

Article 11:Convening 13

Artikel 12:Traktanden 14

Article 12:Agenda 14

Artikel 13:Tagungsort 15

Article 13:Venue 15

Artikel 14:Vorsitz, Protokolle 15

Article 14:Chair, Minutes 15

Artikel 15:Befugnisse 16

Article 15:Authorities 16

Artikel 16:Beschlussfassung 17

Article 16:Resolutions, Quorum 17

Artikel 17:Wichtige Beschlsse 18

Article 17:Important Resolutions 18

Statuten / Articles of Association 

40

Artikel 18:Besondere Beschlsse 20

Article 18:Special Resolutions 20

Artikel 19:Abstimmung ber Vergtung 20

Article 19:Votes on Compensation 20

Artikel 20:Unabhngiger Stimmrechtsvertreter 22

Article 20:Independent Proxy 22

IV.Verwaltungsrat 22

IV.Board of Directors 22

Artikel 21:Anzahl, Amtsdauer, Konstituierung 22

Article 21:Number, Tenure, Organization 22

Artikel 22:Organisation und Protokoll 23

Article 22:Organization and Minutes 23

Artikel 23:Oberleitung, Delegation 23

Article 23:Ultimate Management, Delegation 23

Artikel 24:Aufgaben 24

Article 24:Duties 24

Artikel 25:Verwaltungsratsausschsse 25

Article 25:Committees of the Board of Directors 25

Artikel 26:Vergtungsausschuss 25

Article 26:Compensation Committee 25

V.Revisionsstelle 27

V.Auditor 27

Artikel 27:Wahl, Anforderungen 27

Article 27:Election, Qualification 27

Artikel 28:Aufgaben 28

Article 28:Duties 28

VI.Vergtungen und damit zusammenhngende Bestimmungen 28

VI.Compensation and Related Provisions 28

Artikel 29:Zulssige weitere Ttigkeiten 28

Article 29:Permitted Additional Activities 28

Artikel 30:Vertrge, die den Vergtungen fr Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates und der Geschftsleitung zugrunde liegen 30

Article 30:Agreements related to Compensation of Members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management 30

Artikel 31:Grundstze der Vergtungen fr die Mitglieder des Verwaltungsrates 31

Article 31:Principles of Compensation relating to the Members of the Board of Directors 31

Artikel 32:Grundstze der Vergtungen fr die Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung 32

Article 32:Principles of Compensation relating to the Members of the Executive Management 32

Artikel 33:Schadloshaltung 34

Vorbehltlich jeglicher Beschrnkungen im OR oder anderen anwendbaren Gesetzen kann die Gesellschaft jede weitere Personen schadlos halten. 34

Article 33:Indemnification 34

Artikel 34:Darlehen, Kredite, Vorsorgeleistungen ausserhalb der beruflichen Vorsorge, Sicherheiten 35

Statuten / Articles of Association 

41

Article 34:Loans, Credits, Pension Benefits other than from Occupational Pension Funds, Securities 35

Artikel 35:Zusatzbetrag fr Vergtungen fr neue Mitglieder der Geschftsleitung 35

Article 35:Additional Amounts of Compensation for new Members of the Executive Management 35

VII.Verschiedenes 36

VII.Miscellaneous 36

Artikel 36:Geschftsjahr, Jahresrechnung 36

Article 36:Business Year, Financial Statements 36

Artikel 37:Mitteilungen und Bekanntmachungen 37

Article 37:Notices and Announcements 37

Artikel 38:Liquidation 37

Article 38:Liquidation 37

Artikel 39:Gerichtsstand 37

Article 39:Jurisdiction 37

Artikel 40:Verbindlicher Originaltext 38

Article 40:Original Text Binding 38

Statuten / Articles of Association 

42

Beglaubigung

LEGALIZATION

Ich, Nathan Andrij Pelech, aus der Stadt Vancouver in der Provinz British Columbia, ffentlicher Notar in und fr die Provinz Ontario, Kanada beglaubige hiermit, dass die vorliegenden Statuten jenen entsprechen, die am 17. Januar 2025 anlsslich der ausserordentlichen Generalversammlung der Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp. mit Sitz in Vancouver, Kanada, genehmigt worden sind.

I, Nathan Andrij Pelech, of the City of Vancouver, in the Province of British Columbia, a Notary Public in and for the Province of Ontario, do certify that the present articles of association marked with my Notarial Seal, correspond to the version approved on 17 January 2025 on the occasion of the extraordinary general meeting of Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp., with registered office in Vancouver, Canada. 

ZU URKUND DESSEN habe ich hierauf am 17. Januar 2025 in der Stadt Vancouver in der Provinz British Columbia mit meinem Namen unterzeichnet und mein Amtssiegel angebracht.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed my seal of office at the City of Vancouver, in the Province of British Columbia this 17th day of January, 2025.

Vancouver, 17. Januar 2025

Vancouver, 17 January2025

Der Notar:

The notary public:

____________________________

Nathan Andrij Pelech

ffentlicher Notar

Notary Public
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Lithium Americas (Argentina) Corp.: Exhibit 3.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

LITHIUM ARGENTINA AG

(the "Company")

BY-LAWS

1.INTERPRETATION 2

2.SCOPE AND BASIS 2

3.THE BOARD 2

4.DISCLOSURE OF INTEREST 6

5.MANAGEMENT 7

6.COMMITTEES 8

7.INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 9

8.NOTICES 10

9.GENERAL PROVISIONS 10

10.DOCUMENTS, RECORDS AND REPORTS 10

11.FINAL PROVISION 11

1.INTERPRETATION

1.1Definitions

In these By-laws, unless otherwise defined herein and/or the context otherwise requires:

(1)"Articles" mean the Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time;

(2)"Board of Directors", "Board" and "Director" mean the members of the board of directors of the Company for the time being or any one among them, as applicable;

(3)"By-law" means these by-laws, as amended from time to time;

(4)"Company" means Lithium Argentina AG.

(5)"legal personal representative" means the personal or other legal representative of a shareholder; and

(6)"Swiss Code of Obligations" or "CO" means the Swiss Code of Obligations dated as of March 30, 1911,as amended from time to time.

2.SCOPE AND BASIS

These By-laws are enacted by the Board pursuant to article 716b of the Swiss Code of Obligations and the Company's Articles.

The Board may, from time to time, pass by-laws, charters, mandates, policies, procedures or other instruments which, together with these By-laws and the Articles, govern the corporate governance, the internal organization and the duties, powers and responsibilities of the executive bodies of the Company.

These By-laws govern the powers and functions of the following bodies:

(a)the Board;

(b)the committees of the Board;

(c)the executive management of the Company.

3.THE BOARD

The Board shall determine, to the extent permissible by law, its own organization.

3.1Organization, the Chair

(a)The shareholders elect the chairperson of the Board (the "Chair") in accordance with the Swiss Code of Obligations and the Articles. The Chair leads the Board in all aspects of its work and is responsible for effectively managing the affairs of the Board and ensuring that the Board is properly organized and functions efficiently. The Chair also advises the Chief Executive Officer in all matters concerning the interests of the Board and the relationships between members of management and the Board. In addition, the Chair shall have all duties and responsibilities as set forth by applicable law, the Articles and as set forth in any applicable Company bylaws, mandates, policies, charters or corporate governance frameworks.

2

(b)If the Chair is not an independent Director within the meaning of applicable securities laws, the Board may appoint a Director to act as an independent Board leader (the "Lead Director") to provide leadership to the independent Directors, collaborate with the Chair in providing leadership to the Board to enable in fulfilling its responsibilities, and perform such other duties and responsibilities as the Board may determine.

3.2Powers and Duties of the Board

(a)The Board is responsible for the stewardship of the Company and for the oversight of the Company's management and the management of its business. This includes setting long-term goals and objectives for the Company, formulating plans and strategies necessary to achieve stated objectives and supervising management in their implementation of stated objectives.

(b)The Board has such non-transferable duties and competences as required by applicable law and shall be authorized to pass resolutions on all matters not reserved to the shareholders' meeting or to any other executive body by applicable law, the Articles or these By-laws. Subject to the limitations of applicable law, the Board has such additional powers, duties and responsibilities as the Board may determine from time to time, including those as set forth in any applicable Company bylaws, policies, charters or corporate governance frameworks.

(c)The Board may set the remuneration of the auditor without the prior approval of the shareholders.

(d)In accordance with the Articles and subject to applicable law, the Board is authorized to issue, among other things, share purchase warrants, options, convertible securities and rights upon such terms and conditions as the Board determines, which share purchase warrants, options, convertible securities and rights may be issued alone or in conjunction with debentures, debenture stock, bonds, shares or any other securities issued or created by the Company from time to time.

3.3Delegation of Management

The Board delegates management of the Company to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the executive management of the Company, except for (i) the non-transferable duties of the Board pursuant to applicable law and (ii) any duties and competencies retained by the Board according to its delegation of authority or any other policies or procedures adopted by the Board as set forth by applicable charters, mandates, regulations or frameworks.

3.4Delegation of Authority

The Board may from time to time, by power of attorney or other instrument, appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Board to be the attorney of the Company, and may delegate to such person any of the Board's powers, authorities and discretions for such period and subject to such conditions as it may think fit, including, subject to any approval required by shareholders, remuneration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board cannot delegate any of its powers and duties that are non-transferable pursuant to applicable law nor may it delegate the power or duty to change the membership of any committee of the Board nor the power or duty to appoint or remove executive management appointed by the Board. The Board may revoke or vary any such appointment or delegation, but no person dealing in good faith and without notice of such revocation or variation shall be affected by any such revocation or variation. Any such power of attorney or other document may contain such provisions for the protection or convenience of persons dealing with such attorney as the Directors think fit. Any such attorney may be authorized by the Directors to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions for the time being vested in him or her.

3

3.5Proceedings of the Board

(a)Meetings of the Board

The Board may meet together for the conduct of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit, and Board meetings held at regular intervals may be held at the place, at the time and on the notice, if any, as the members of the Board may from time to time determine.

(b)Voting at Meetings

Questions arising at any Board meeting are to be decided by a majority of votes, whereby abstentions shall be disregarded for purposes of establishing the majority. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairperson of the meeting does not have a second or casting vote and the relevant resolution shall be considered to have failed. Directors may not be represented by alternates or other Directors in a meeting of the Board.

(c)Chair of Meetings

The following individual is entitled to preside as chairperson at a Board meeting:

(1)the Chair, as elected by shareholders;

(2)in the absence of the Chair, the Lead Director, if any;

(3)in the absence of the Chair and Lead Director, if any, the president or Chief Executive Officer, if any, if the president or Chief Executive Officer is a Director; or

(4)any other Director chosen by the Board if:

(a)none of the Chair, the Lead Director, if any, or the president or Chief Executive Officer, if a Director, is present at the meeting within 15 minutes after the time set for holding the meeting;

(b)none of the Chair, the Lead Director, if any, or the president or Chief Executive Officer, if a Director, is willing to chair the meeting; or

(c)the Chair, the Lead Director, if any, and the president or Chief Executive Officer, if a Director, have advised the secretary, if any, or any other Director, that they will not be present at the meeting.

(d)Meetings by Telephone or Other Electronic Communication Means

A Director may participate in a meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof (i) in person or (ii) by electronic communication means (such as telephone, video conference, etc.), if all members of the Board participating in the meeting, whether in person or by telephone or other electronic communication means, are able to communicate with each other and if all Directors who wish to participate in the meeting agree to such participation and no one requests a meeting in person. A Director who participates in a meeting in a manner contemplated by this Article 3.5(d) is deemed for all purposes of the Swiss Code of Obligationsand these By-laws to be present at the meeting and to have agreed to participate in that manner.

4

(e)Calling of Meetings

A Director may, and the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Company, if any, on the request of a Director must, call a meeting of the Board at any time.

(f)Notice of Meetings

Other than for meetings held at regular intervals as determined by the Board pursuant to Article 3.5(a), reasonable notice of each meeting of the Board, specifying the place, day and time of that meeting must be given to each of the Directors by any method set out in Article 8 or orally or by telephone.

(g)When Notice Not Required

It is not necessary to give notice of a Board meeting to a Director if:

(1)the meeting is to be held immediately following a meeting of shareholders at which that Director was elected or appointed;

(2)the meeting is held for the purpose of ascertaining the implementation of capital increases and capital decreases and the relevant amendments to the Articles (articles 652e, 652gm, 653g and 653o CO); or

(3)the Director, as the case may be, has waived notice of the meeting.

(h)Meeting Valid Despite Failure to Give Notice

The accidental omission to give notice of any Board meeting to, or the non-receipt of any notice by, any Director does not invalidate any proceedings at that meeting.

(i)Waiver of Notice of Meetings

Any Director may send to the Company a document signed by him or her waiving notice of any past, present or future Board meeting and may at any time withdraw that waiver with respect to meetings held after that withdrawal. After sending a waiver with respect to all future meetings and until that waiver is withdrawn, no notice of any Board meeting need be given to that Director and, unless the Director otherwise requires by notice in writing to the Company, all Board meetings so held are deemed not to be improperly called or constituted by reason of notice not having been given to such Director.

(j)Proposals

At Board meetings, each Director shall be entitled to submit proposals regarding the items on the agenda. Directors may also submit proposals regarding items on the agenda in writing in advance of the meeting.

(k)Quorum

The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be set by the Directors and, if not so set, is deemed to be set at two Directors.

No presence quorum is required for Board resolutions upon the implementation of a capital increase or capital decrease within a capital band (article 653u CO) or to make any determination with respect to the implementation of a capital increase or capital decrease, to pass resolutions regarding any amendments of the Articles associated thereto or required in connection therewith or to adopt the report on the capital increase (articles 652e, 652gm, 653g and 653o CO).

5

(l)Validity of Acts Where Appointment Defective

Subject to the Swiss Code of Obligations, an act of a member of management is not invalid merely because of an irregularity in the appointment or a defect in the qualification of that member of management.

(m)Resolutions in Writing

A resolution of the Directors or of any committee thereof may be passed without a meeting:

(1)in all cases, unless a Director requests that the resolution be discussed in a meeting; or

(2)in the case of a resolution to approve a contract or transaction in respect of which a Director has disclosed that he or she has or may have a Disclosable Interest (as defined below), if none of the other Directors who are entitled to vote on the resolution requests that the resolution be discussed in a meeting.

A resolution may be validly passed in writing on paper or by electronic means (fax, email or any other method of transmitting legibly recorded messages). A consent in writing may be in two or more counterparts which together are deemed to constitute one consent in writing. A resolution of the Board or of any committee thereof passed in accordance with this Article 3.5(m) is effective on the date stated in the resolution or on the latest date stated on any counterpart and to be as valid and effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Board or of the committee that satisfies all the requirements of the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Articles and these By-laws relating to meetings of the Board or of a committee. No signature is required if the resolutions are passed by electronic means (e.g. by e-mail or other electronic voting applications).

(n)Minutes

All resolutions shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the Chair or whoever is acting in such capacity in accordance with this Article 3.5(c) and the person keeping the minutes, and must be approved by the Board.

4.DISCLOSURE OF INTEREST

4.1Obligation to Disclose

(a)Directors and members of the executive management are obliged to inform the Chair immediately and completely of any current or potential conflict of interests affecting them in accordance with applicable law (a "Disclosable Interest"). The Chair shall inform the other members of the Board. If the Chair has a Disclosable Interest, he or she shall inform the other Directors. In the event that a Director has a Disclosable Interest, the Board shall take the measures necessary to safeguard the interests of the Company.

(b)Each Director and each member of the executive management shall observe the limits to the number of mandates set forth in the Articles. Directors shall inform the Chair, and members of the executive management shall inform the Chief Executive Officer, of their respective board or management positions, as applicable, or similar memberships and any change thereto.

6

4.2Restrictions on Voting by Reason of Interest

A Director who holds a Disclosable Interestin a contract or transaction into which the Company has entered or proposes to enter is not entitled to vote on any Board resolution to approve that contract or transaction, unless all the Directors have a Disclosable Interest in that contract or transaction, in which case any or all of those Directors may vote on such resolution.

4.3Interested Directors Counted in Quorum

A Director who holds aDisclosable Interest in a contract or transaction into which the Company has entered or proposes to enter and who is present at the Board meeting at which the contract or transaction is considered for approval may be counted in the quorum at the Board meeting, whether or not the Director votes on any or all of the resolutions considered at the Board meeting.

4.4Directors Holding Other Office in the Company

Subject to the Articles, the Directors may hold any office or place of profit with the Company, other than the office of auditor of the Company, in addition to his or her office as Director for the period and on the terms (as to remuneration or otherwise) that the Directors may determine.

4.5No Disqualification

No Director or intended Director is disqualified by his or her office from contracting with the Company either with regard to the holding of any office or place of profit the Director holds with the Company or as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, and no contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which a Director is in any way interested is liable to be voided for that reason.

5.MANAGEMENT

5.1Directors May Appoint Executive Management

The Board may, from time to time, appoint such members of executive management, if any, as the Directors determine and the Directors may, at any time, terminate any such appointment.

5.2Functions, Duties and Powers of Executive Management

The Board may, for each member of executive management:

(1)determine the functions and duties of such member of executive management;

(2)entrust to and confer on such member of executive management any of the powers exercisable by the Board on such terms and conditions and with such restrictions as the Board thinks fit; and

(3)revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any of the functions, duties and powers of such member of executive management.

7

5.3Change in Power and Duties of Executive Management

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Board may, from time to time, increase or reduce the powers and duties of any member of executive management of the Company and may permanently or temporarily delegate the duties of any such member of executive management to any other member of executive management, agent or employee and may generally control the action of such member of executive management and require performance of all duties imposed upon them.

5.4Remuneration and Terms of Appointment

Subject to mandatory provision of the law, the Articles and the compensation authorized by the shareholders in accordance with applicable law and the Articles, as applicable, all appointments of executive management are to be made on the terms and conditions and at the remuneration (whether by way of salary, fee, commission, participation in profits or otherwise) that the Board thinks fit and are subject to termination at the pleasure of the Board, and a member of executive management may in addition to such remuneration be entitled to receive, after he or she ceases to hold such office or leaves the employment of the Company, a pension or gratuity.

6.COMMITTEES

6.1Powers of the Board and Its Committees

The Board may, by resolution and, in all cases, subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, for greater certainty, any applicable securities regulations and/or rules and regulations of stock exchanges applicable to the Company):

(1)appoint one or more committees (other than the compensation committee, which is appointed by shareholders) consisting of the Directors that they consider appropriate;

(2)delegate to a committee appointed under paragraph (1) any of the Board's powers, except the power to appoint or remove members of executive management appointed by the Board, the power to fill vacancies in the compensation committee or the power to change the membership of or fill vacancies in any other committee of the Board, and make such delegation subject to the conditions set out in the resolution or any subsequent directors' resolution;

(3)revoke or alter the authority given to a committee of the Board, or override a decision made by such a committee, except as to acts done before such revocation, alteration or overriding or, with respect to the compensation committee, such authority as is required to be exercised or decisions that are required to be made by applicable law by the compensation committee;

(4)terminate the appointment of, or change the membership of a committee of the Board (except with regards to the compensation committee); and

(5)fill vacancies in a committee of the Board.

Further authority and responsibilities of the committees of the Board may be set forth in the applicable committee charter or Company bylaw or policy, as applicable.

8

6.2Obligations of Committees

Any committee appointed under Article 6.1, in the exercise of the powers delegated to it, must:

(1)conform to any rules that may from time to time be imposed on it by the Board and any applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, for greater certainty, any applicable securities regulations and/or rules and regulations of stock exchanges applicable to the Company); and

(2)report on acts or things done in exercise of those powers at such times as the Board may require.

6.3Committee Meetings

Subject to Article 6.2 and unless the Board otherwise provides in the resolution appointing the committee or in any subsequent resolution, with respect to a committee appointed under Article 6.1:

(1)the committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper;

(2)the committee may elect a chair of its meetings but, if no chair of a meeting is elected, or if at a meeting the chair of the meeting is not present within 15 minutes after the time set for holding the meeting, the Directors present who are members of the committee may choose one of their number to chair the meeting;

(3)a majority of the members of the committee constitutes a quorum of the committee;

(4)questions arising at any meeting of the committee are determined by a majority of votes of the members present, and in case of an equality of votes, the chair of the meeting does not have a second or casting vote;

(5)the committee shall observe such procedures as are prescribed by the Board or the applicable committee charter or mandate, if any; and

(6)the procedural rules applicable to the Board shall also apply to meetings of committees, unless different provisions shall be prescribed by the Board or the applicable committee charter or mandate.

7.INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

7.1Indemnification of Other Persons

Subject to any restrictions in the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Company may indemnify any person.

7.2Company May Purchase Insurance

The Company may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any person (or his or her heirs or legal personal representatives) who:

(1)is or was a Director, member of management, officer, employee or agent of the Company;

(2)is or was a Director, member of management, officer, employee or agent of a corporation at a time when the corporation is or was an affiliate of the Company;

9

(3)at the request of the Company, is or was a Director, member of management, officer, employee or agent of a corporation or of a partnership, trust, joint venture or other unincorporated entity; or

(4)at the request of the Company, holds or held a position equivalent to that of a Director or member of management or officer of a partnership, trust, joint venture or other unincorporated entity;

against any liability incurred by him or her as such Director, member of management, officer, employee or agent or person who holds or held such equivalent position.

8.NOTICES

Unless the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Articles or these By-laws provides otherwise, a notice, statement, report or other record required or permitted by the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Articles or these By-laws to be sent by or to a person other than a shareholder may be sent in any other form the Board of Directors deems appropriate, including by any one of the following methods:

(1)mail addressed to the person at the applicable address for that person as follows:

(a)for a record mailed to a Director, the prescribed address for mailing shown for the Director in the records kept by the Company or the mailing address provided by the recipient for the sending of that record or records of that class; or

(b)in any other case, the mailing address of the intended recipient;

(2)delivery at the applicable address for that person as follows, addressed to the person:

(a)for a record delivered to a Director, the prescribed address for delivery shown for the Director in the records kept by the Company or the delivery address provided by the recipient for the sending of that record or records of that class; or

(b)in any other case, the delivery address of the intended recipient;

(3)sending the record by fax to the fax number provided by the intended recipient for the sending of that record or records of that class;

(4)sending the record by email to the email address provided by the intended recipient for the sending of that record or records of that class; or

(5)physical delivery to the intended recipient.

9.GENERAL PROVISIONS

The Directors, officers and persons authorized to represent the Company and its subsidiaries shall have joint or single signatory power, in each case as determined by the Board.

10

10.DOCUMENTS, RECORDS AND REPORTS

10.1Recording of Financial Affairs

The Board must cause adequate accounting records to be kept to record properly the financial affairs and condition of the Company and to comply with the Swiss Code of Obligations.

11.FINAL PROVISION

These By-laws shall enter into force on the date of adoption by the Board. These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed and new By-laws may be adopted at any meeting of the Board by the majority set forth in Article 3.5(b).

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>