<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-006618.txt : 20250128
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-006618.hdr.sgml : 20250128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250128133849
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-006618
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001519881
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000038009
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250128
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto leases

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ford Credit Auto Lease Two LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519881
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				134347114
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-173928
		FILM NUMBER:		25562860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O FORD MOTOR CO., WHQ STE 801-C1
		STREET 2:		ONE AMERICAN ROAD
		CITY:			DEARBORN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3135943495

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O FORD MOTOR CO., WHQ STE 801-C1
		STREET 2:		ONE AMERICAN ROAD
		CITY:			DEARBORN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002048913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-265473-07
		FILM NUMBER:		25562861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O FORD MOTOR CO., WHQ STE 801-C1
		STREET 2:		ONE AMERICAN ROAD
		CITY:			DEARBORN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3135943495

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O FORD MOTOR CO., WHQ STE 801-C1
		STREET 2:		ONE AMERICAN ROAD
		CITY:			DEARBORN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48126
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported):

January 27,
2025

Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A 

(Exact Name of Issuing
Entity as Specified in Charter)

Commission File
Number: 333-265473-07

Central Index Key
Number: 0002048913

Ford Credit Auto Lease Two LLC 

(Exact Name of Registrant/Depositor
as Specified in Charter)

Commission File
Number: 333-265473

Central Index Key
Number: 0001519881

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC 

(Exact Name of Sponsor
as Specified in Charter)

Central Index Key
Number: 0000038009

Delaware 

(State or Other
Jurisdiction of Incorporation of the Registrant)

13-4347114 

(IRS Employer Identification
No. of the Registrant)

c/o Ford Motor Company Ford Credit SPE
Management Office

World Headquarters, Suite 802

One American Road

Dearborn, Michigan 48126 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices of the Registrant) (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
313-594-3495

Check the appropriate box below if
the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

None None None

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

In connection with
the issuance by Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A (the "Trust") of the asset-backed securities (the "Notes")
described in the Prospectus, dated January 22, 2025 (the "Prospectus"), which was filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to its Rule 424(b)(2) by Ford Credit Auto Lease Two LLC (the "Registrant" or
the "Depositor"), the Depositor and/or the Trust have entered into the agreements listed in Item 9.01(d) below
(such agreements, the "Transaction Documents"). The Transaction Documents are described more fully in the Prospectus.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Not applicable

(b) Not applicable

(c) Not applicable

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

Exhibit 4.1 Indenture,
dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee.

Exhibit 4.2 Second
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Depositor, The Bank of New York Mellon, as Owner
Trustee and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, as Delaware Trustee.

Exhibit 4.3 Exchange
Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among CAB East LLC, CAB West LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, HTD Leasing
LLC and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC.

Exhibit 10.2 Exchange
Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between Ford Motor Credit Company LLC and the Depositor.

Exhibit 10.3 Exchange
Note Sale Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Depositor and the Trust.

Exhibit 10.5 2025-A
Servicing Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025, to the Third Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement among Ford Motor Credit
Company, CAB East LLC, CAB West LLC and HTD Leasing LLC.

Exhibit 10.7 Administration
Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, between the Trust and Ford Motor Credit Company.

Exhibit 10.8 Account
Control Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture
Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Financial Institution.

Exhibit 10.9 Titling
Company Account Control Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among CAB East LLC, CAB West LLC, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Indenture Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Financial Institution.

Exhibit 10.10 Asset
Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2025, among Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, the Trust and Clayton Fixed
Income Services LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger 

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

Dated: January 28, 2025

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

INDENTURE

between

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section
1.1. Usage
and Definitions 1

Section
1.2. Incorporation
by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 2

ARTICLE II THE NOTES 2

Section
2.1. Form
of Notes 2

Section
2.2. Execution,
Authentication and Delivery 2

Section
2.3. Tax
Treatment 3

Section
2.4. Note
Register 3

Section
2.5. Registration
of Transfer and Exchange 4

Section
2.6. Rule
144A Notes 5

Section
2.7. Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 6

Section
2.8. Persons
Deemed Owners 7

Section
2.9. Payments
on Notes 7

Section
2.10. Cancellation
of Notes 8

Section
2.11. Release
of Collateral 8

Section
2.12. Book-Entry
Notes 8

Section
2.13. Definitive
Notes 9

Section
2.14. Authenticating
Agents 9

Section
2.15. Note
Paying Agents 10

ARTICLE III COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 10

Section
3.1. Payment
of Principal and Interest 10

Section
3.2. Maintenance
of Office or Agency 10

Section
3.3. Money
for Payments To Be Held in Trust 10

Section
3.4. Existence 11

Section
3.5. Protection
of Collateral 11

Section
3.6. Performance
of Obligations 12

Section
3.7. Negative
Covenants 13

Section
3.8. Opinions
on Collateral 13

Section
3.9. Annual
Certificate of Compliance 14

Section
3.10. Merger
and Consolidation; Transfer of Assets 14

Section
3.11. Successor
or Transferee 15

Section
3.12. No
Other Activities 15

Section
3.13. Further
Acts and Documents 15

Section
3.14. Restricted
Payments 15

Section
3.15. Notice
of Events of Default 15

Section
3.16. Review
of Issuer's Records 15

Section
3.17. Issuer's
Representations and Warranties 16

Section
3.18. Issuer's
Representations and Warranties About Security Interest 17

Section
3.19. Calculation
Agent; Benchmark Determination 18

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 19

Section
4.1. Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture 19

i

ARTICLE V EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES 20

Section
5.1. Events
of Default 20

Section
5.2. Acceleration
of Maturity; Rescission 21

Section
5.3. Collection
of Indebtedness by Indenture Trustee 22

Section
5.4. Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim 22

Section
5.5. Enforcement
of Claims Without Possession of Notes 23

Section
5.6. Remedies;
Priorities 23

Section
5.7. Optional
Preservation of Collateral 24

Section
5.8. Limitation
on Suits 25

Section
5.9. Unconditional
Rights to Receive Principal and Interest 25

Section
5.10. Restoration
of Rights and Remedies 25

Section
5.11. Rights
and Remedies Cumulative 26

Section
5.12. Delay
or Omission Not a Waiver 26

Section
5.13. Control
by Noteholders 26

Section
5.14. Waiver
of Defaults and Events of Default 26

Section
5.15. Agreement
to Pay Costs 27

Section
5.16. Waiver
of Stay or Extension Laws 27

Section
5.17. Performance
and Enforcement of Obligations 27

ARTICLE VI INDENTURE TRUSTEE 28

Section
6.1. Indenture
Trustee's Obligations 28

Section
6.2. Indenture
Trustee's Rights 29

Section
6.3. Indenture
Trustee's Individual Rights 30

Section
6.4. Indenture
Trustee's Disclaimer 30

Section
6.5. Notice
of Defaults 30

Section
6.6. Reports
by Indenture Trustee 31

Section
6.7. Compensation
and Indemnity 32

Section
6.8. Resignation
or Removal of Indenture Trustee 33

Section
6.9. Merger
or Consolidation; Transfer of Assets 34

Section
6.10. Appointment
of Separate Trustee or Co-Trustee 34

Section
6.11. Eligibility;
Disqualification 35

Section
6.12. Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Issuer 36

Section
6.13. Review
of Indenture Trustee's Records 36

Section
6.14. Indenture
Trustee's Representations and Warranties 36

Section
6.15. Obligation
to Update Disclosure 37

Section
6.16. Reporting
of Reallocations of Leases and Leased Vehicles 38

ARTICLE VII NOTEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS AND REPORTS 38

Section
7.1. Noteholder
Communications 38

Section
7.2. Noteholder
Demand for Asset Representations Review 40

Section
7.3. Reports
by Issuer 40

Section
7.4. Reports
by Indenture Trustee 41

ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTS, DISTRIBUTIONS AND RELEASES 41

Section
8.1. Collection
of Funds 41

Section
8.2. Bank
Accounts; Distributions 41

Section
8.3. Bank
Accounts 44

Section
8.4. Release
of Collateral 45

ii

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 46

Section
9.1. Amendments
Without Consent of Noteholders 46

Section
9.2. Amendments
with Consent of Controlling Class 47

Section
9.3. Execution
of Amendments 48

Section
9.4. Effect
of Amendment 48

Section
9.5. Conformity
with TIA 48

Section
9.6. Reference
in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 48

ARTICLE X REDEMPTION OF NOTES 49

Section
10.1. Redemption 49

ARTICLE XI OTHER AGREEMENTS 49

Section
11.1. No
Petition 49

Section
11.2. Limited
Recourse; Subordination of Claims Against Titling Companies 50

Section
11.3. Limited
Recourse; Subordination of Claims Against Depositor 51

Section
11.4. Issuer
Orders; Certificates and Opinions 51

Section
11.5. Acts
of Noteholders 53

Section
11.6. Conflict
with Trust Indenture Act 53

Section
11.7. Issuer
Obligation 53

ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 54

Section
12.1. Benefits
of Indenture; Third-Party Beneficiaries 54

Section
12.2. Notices 54

Section
12.3. GOVERNING
LAW 55

Section
12.4. Submission
to Jurisdiction 55

Section
12.5. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL 55

Section
12.6. No
Waiver; Remedies 55

Section
12.7. Severability 55

Section
12.8. Headings 55

Section
12.9. Counterparts 55

Schedule
A Notice
Addresses SA-1

Exhibit
A Form
of Notes EA-1

iii

INDENTURE, dated as of January 1, 2025 (this "Indenture"),
between FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust, as Issuer, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a national banking association, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

In connection with a securitization transaction
sponsored by Ford Credit, the Issuer will issue Notes secured by the 2025-A Exchange Note issued by the Titling Companies and purchased
by the Issuer from the Depositor, who purchased it from Ford Credit. The 2025-A Exchange Note is secured by a reference pool of Leases
and Leased Vehicles purchased by the Titling Companies from motor vehicle dealers.

The parties agree as follows:

GRANTING CLAUSE

The Issuer Grants to the Indenture Trustee at the
Closing Date, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all the Issuer's right, title and interest in, to and under,
whether now owned or later acquired, the Collateral.

This Grant is made in trust to secure (a) the payment
of principal of, interest on and other amounts owing on the Notes as stated in this Indenture and (b) compliance by the Issuer with this
Indenture for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

The Titling Companies jointly and severally Grant
to the Indenture Trustee at the Closing Date, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all the Titling Companies'
right, title and interest in, to and under, whether now owned or existing or later acquired in, the Exchange Note Collection Account and
the Reserve Account. This Grant is made in trust to secure (a) the payment of principal of, interest on and other amounts owing on, the
2025-A Exchange Note as stated in the Exchange Note Supplement and (b) compliance by the Titling Companies with the Exchange Note Supplement
for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

The Indenture Trustee acknowledges these Grants,
accepts the trusts under this Indenture according to this Indenture and agrees to perform the obligations stated in this Indenture and
the Exchange Note Supplement so that the interests of the Secured Parties may be adequately and effectively protected.

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Indenture are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange
Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and
restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among the CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers,
U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as Lender
and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules

that apply
to this Indenture. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Indenture.

Section
1.2.Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.
Whenever this Indenture refers to a part of the TIA, it is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following
TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

"indenture securities" means the
Notes;

"indenture security holder" means
a Noteholder;

"indenture to be qualified" means
this Indenture;

"indenture trustee" or "institutional
trustee" means the Indenture Trustee; and

"obligor" on the indenture securities
means the Issuer and any other obligor on the indenture securities.

Any other TIA terms used in this Indenture that
are defined in the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rule have the meaning
assigned to them by those definitions.

ARTICLE
II

THE NOTES

Section
2.1.Form of Notes.

(a)Form. Each Class of Notes will be in substantially the form of Exhibit A with variations required or permitted by this Indenture.
The Notes may have marks of identification and legends or endorsements as determined by the Responsible Person of the Issuer executing
the Notes. The physical Notes will be produced by a method determined by the Responsible Person of the Issuer executing the Notes.

(b)Incorporation by Reference. Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes in Exhibit A
are part of this Indenture and are incorporated into this Indenture by reference.

Section
2.2.Execution, Authentication and Delivery.

(a)Execution. A Responsible Person of the Issuer will execute the Notes for the Issuer. The signature of the Responsible Person
on the Notes may be manual or facsimile. Notes having the manual or facsimile signature of an individual who was a Responsible Person
of the Issuer will bind the Issuer, even if the individual has ceased to be a Responsible Person before the authentication and delivery
of the Notes or was not a Responsible Person on the issuance date of the Notes.

(b)Authentication and Delivery. The Indenture Trustee will, on Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver the Notes for original
issue in the Classes, Note Interest Rates and initial

2

Note Balances as stated below (except that the Note Interest Rate for any Floating
Rate Notes will not be less than 0.00%).

Class Note Interest Rate Initial Note Balance

Class A-1 Notes 4.425% $181,800,000

Class A-2a Notes 4.57% $245,000,000

Class A-2b Notes 30-day average SOFR + 0.41% $249,600,000

Class A-3 Notes 4.72% $494,600,000

Class A-4 Notes 4.78% $ 79,000,000

Class B Notes 4.96% $ 56,180,000

Class C Notes 0.00% $ 70,220,000

Class D Notes 0.00% $ 74,910,000

(c)Denomination. The Notes will initially be issued as Book-Entry Notes. The Notes, except for the Rule 144A Notes, will be
issued in minimum denominations of $1,000 and in multiples of $1,000. The Rule 144A Notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $100,000
and in multiples of $1,000 in excess of $100,000. However, one Note of each Class may be issued in a different amount if it exceeds the
minimum denomination for the Class.

(d)Certificate of Authentication. No Note will have the benefit of this Indenture or be valid unless it has a certificate of
authentication substantially in the form included in Exhibit A manually executed by a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee. The
certificate of authentication on a Note will be conclusive evidence that the Note has been duly authenticated and delivered under this
Indenture.

Section
2.3.Tax Treatment. The Issuer intends that Notes owned
or beneficially owned by a Person other than Ford Credit or its Affiliates will be indebtedness of the Issuer for U.S. federal, State
and local income and franchise tax purposes. The Issuer, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a
Note (and each Note Owner by its acceptance of an interest in the applicable Book-Entry Note), agree to treat the Notes for U.S. federal,
State and local income and franchise tax purposes as indebtedness of the Issuer.

Section
2.4.Note Register. The Issuer appoints the
Indenture Trustee to be the "Note Registrar" and to keep a register (the "Note Register") for the purpose
of registering Notes and transfers and exchanges of Notes. On resignation of the Note Registrar, the Issuer will promptly appoint a successor
or, if it elects not to make the appointment, assume the obligations of Note Registrar. If the Issuer appoints a Person other than the
Indenture Trustee as Note Registrar, (i) the Issuer will notify the Indenture Trustee of the appointment and (ii) the Indenture Trustee
will have the right to rely on a certificate executed by an officer of the Note Registrar listing the names and addresses of the Noteholders
and the principal amounts and number of the Notes. Each of the Indenture Trustee (if it is not the Note Registrar), the Issuer and the
Administrator will have the right to inspect the Note Register at reasonable times and to receive copies of the Note Register.

3

Section
2.5.Registration of Transfer and Exchange. 

(a)Transfer of Notes. A Noteholder may transfer a Note by surrendering the Note for registration of transfer at the office
or agency of the Issuer maintained under Section 3.2. If the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are met, the Issuer will execute
and the Indenture Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the Noteholder, in the name of the transferee or transferees, new Notes of
the same Class, in the same principal amount.

(b)Exchange of Notes. A Noteholder may exchange Notes for other Notes of the same Class by surrendering the Notes to be exchanged
at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained under Section 3.2. If the requirements of Section 8-401(a) of the UCC are met, the Issuer
will execute, the Indenture Trustee will authenticate and the Noteholder will receive from the Indenture Trustee new Notes of the same
Class, in the same principal amount.

(c)Valid Obligation. Notes issued on the registration of transfer or exchange of Notes will be the valid obligations of the
Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and have the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered for registration of transfer
or exchange.

(d)Surrendered Notes. Every Note surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange will be (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied
by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Noteholder
of the Note or the Noteholder's authorized attorney, with the signature guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting
the requirements of the Note Registrar including membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or another
"signature guarantee program", according to the Exchange Act and (ii) accompanied by other documents the Indenture Trustee may
require.

(e)No Service Charge. None of the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee will impose a service charge on a Noteholder
for the registration of transfer or exchange of Notes. The Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee may require the Noteholder
to pay an amount to cover taxes or other governmental charges that may be imposed for the registration of transfer or exchange of the
Notes.

(f)Registration of Transfers and Exchanges. The Note Register will register transfers and exchanges of Notes in the Note Register.
However, neither the Issuer nor the Note Registrar will be required to register transfers or exchanges of Notes for which the next Payment
Date is not more than 15 days after the requested date of transfer or exchange or which have been called for redemption.

(g)ERISA Representations. Each Note Owner that is (i) an "employee benefit plan" that is subject to Title I of ERISA,
(ii) a "plan" that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity that is deemed to be holding plan assets of any of
the foregoing by reason of such holders investment in the entity within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified
by Section 3(42) of ERISA or (iv) a plan that is subject to any Similar Law, by accepting a beneficial interest in a Note, is deemed to
represent that its purchase, holding and disposition of that beneficial interest is not and will not result in a non-exempt prohibited

4

transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any Similar Law, as applicable.

Section
2.6.Rule 144A Notes. 

(a)Rule 144A Notes Not Registered. The Rule 144A Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any State securities
laws. None of the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee is obligated to register the Rule 144A Notes under the Securities
Act or any State securities or "blue sky" laws or to take other action not required under this Indenture or the Trust Agreement
to permit the transfer of a Rule 144A Note without registration. The Issuer, at the direction of the Depositor or the Administrator, may
elect to register, or cause the registration of, the Rule 144A Notes under the Securities Act and applicable State securities laws. In
this case, the Issuer will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar the Opinions of Counsel,
Officer's Certificates and other information necessary to effect the registration.

(b)Restrictions on Transfer. Until the Rule 144A Notes have been registered under the Securities Act and any applicable State
securities laws under Section 2.6(a), no Rule 144A Note may be sold, transferred, assigned, participated, pledged or disposed of (each,
a "Rule 144A Note Transfer") except according to this Section 2.6, and a Rule 144A Note Transfer in violation of this
Section 2.6 will be null and void (a "Void Rule 144A Note Transfer"). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture,
no Rule 144A Note Transfer may be made by the Depositor or its Affiliates unless the Depositor delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture
Trustee and the Issuer stating that the transfer will not (A) cause any other Note to be deemed sold or exchanged for purposes of Section
1001 of the Code, (B) cause the Issuer or a Titling Company to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as
a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) adversely affect the treatment of any other Notes as debt for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

(c)Note Legend and Transferee Representation. Each Rule 144A Note will bear the applicable legend in Exhibit A. As a condition
to the registration of a Rule 144A Note Transfer, the prospective transferee of the Rule 144A Note will be deemed to represent to the
Indenture Trustee, the Note Registrar and the Issuer the following:

(i)It understands that the Rule 144A Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any State securities or "blue
sky" laws.

(ii)It understands that Rule 144A Note Transfers are only permitted if made in compliance with the Securities Act and other applicable
laws and only to a person who the holder reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule
144A (a "QIB").

(iii)It (A) is a QIB, (B) is aware that the sale to it is being made under Rule 144A and if it is acquiring the Rule 144A Notes or a
beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Notes for the account of another QIB, that other QIB is aware that the sale is being made under Rule
144A and (C) is acquiring the Rule 144A Notes or a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Notes for its own account or for the account of
another QIB.

5

(iv)It is purchasing the Rule 144A Notes for its own account or for one or more investor accounts for which it is acting as fiduciary
or agent, in each case for investment, and not with a view to offer, transfer, assign, participate, pledge or dispose of the Rule 144A
Notes for a distribution that would violate the Securities Act.

(d)Rule 144A Noteholder Agreement. By acceptance of a Rule 144A Note, the Rule 144A Noteholder agrees with and represents to
the Depositor, the Issuer and the Note Registrar, that no Rule 144A Note Transfer will be made unless (i) the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and applicable State securities laws have been complied with for the Rule 144A Note according to Section 2.6(a),
(ii) the Rule 144A Note Transfer is to the Depositor or its Affiliates or (iii) the Rule 144A Note Transfer is exempt from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act because the Rule 144A Note Transfer is in compliance with Rule 144A, to a transferee who the transferor
reasonably believes is a QIB that is purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB and to whom notice is given that the Rule
144A Note Transfer is being made under Rule 144A.

(e)Rule 144A Information. The Administrator will make available to the prospective transferor and transferee of a Rule 144A
Note information requested to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (d)(4) of Rule 144A (the "Rule 144A Information").
The Rule 144A Information will include any of the following items requested by the prospective transferee:

(i)the offering memorandum, if any, relating to the Rule 144A Notes and any amendments or supplements to the offering memorandum;

(ii)the Monthly Investor Report for each Payment Date before the request;

(iii)copies of the Transaction Documents, including any amendments; and

(iv)any other information reasonably available to the Administrator that may be considered Rule 144A Information.

Section
2.7.Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes.

(a)Replacement Notes. If a mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustee receives evidence
of the destruction, loss or theft of a Note, the Issuer will execute and, on Issuer Request, the Indenture Trustee will authenticate and
deliver a replacement Note of the same Class and principal amount in exchange for or in place of the Note if the following conditions
are met: (i) the Indenture Trustee receives security or indemnity to hold the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless, (ii) none of
the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee have received notice that the Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser,
as defined in Section 8-303 of the UCC and (iii) the requirements of Section 8-405 of the UCC are met. However, if a destroyed, lost or
stolen Note (but not a mutilated Note) is due and payable within 15 days or has been called for redemption, instead of issuing a replacement
Note, the Issuer may pay the destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable or on the Redemption Date without surrender of the
Note. If a protected purchaser of the original Note in place of which the replacement Note was issued (or the payment made) presents for
payment the original Note, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee may recover the replacement Note (or the payment) from the Person to whom
it was delivered or a Person taking the replacement Note (or

6

the payment) from the Person to whom the replacement Note (or the payment)
was delivered or an assignee of that Person, except a protected purchaser, and may recover on the security or indemnity provided for the
replacement Note (or the payment) for any fee, expense, loss, damage or liability incurred by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee for
the replacement Note (or the payment).

(b)Taxes, Charges and Expenses. On the issuance of a replacement Note under Section 2.7(a), (i) the Issuer may require the
Noteholder of the Note to pay an amount to cover any taxes or other governmental charges imposed and any other reasonable expenses incurred
for the replacement Note, (ii) the Indenture Trustee will, for a mutilated Note, cancel the Note and (iii) the Note Registrar will record
in the Note Register that the destroyed, lost or stolen Note no longer has the benefits of this Indenture.

(c)Additional Obligation. Each replacement Note issued under Section 2.7(a) will be an original additional contractual obligation
of the Issuer and have the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with other Notes of the same Class duly issued under
this Indenture.

(d)Sole Remedy. This Section 2.7 states the sole remedy available to Noteholders for the replacement or payment of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section
2.8.Persons Deemed Owners. On any date, the Issuer,
the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name a Note is registered as
of that date as the owner of the Note for all purposes, including receiving payments of principal of and interest on the Note, without
regard to any notice or other information to the contrary.

Section
2.9.Payments on Notes.

(a)Interest Accrual. Each Class of Notes will accrue interest on its Note Balance for each Interest Period until the Note Balance
has been paid in full at a rate per annum equal to its Note Interest Rate for that Interest Period. Interest on the Class A-1 and Class
A-2b Notes will be calculated for each Interest Period on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period and a 360-day
year. Interest on the Notes (other than the Class A-1 and Class A-2b Notes) for each Interest Period will be calculated on the basis of
a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Interest on each Note for each Interest Period will be due and payable on the related
Payment Date.

(b)Principal. The principal of each Class of Notes will be payable in installments on each Payment Date according to Article
VIII. The Note Balance of each Class of Notes will be due and payable on the earlier of the Redemption Date and its Final Scheduled Payment
Date. The Note Balance of each Class of Notes will be due and payable on the date the Notes are declared to be, or have automatically
become, immediately due and payable according to Section 5.2(a).

(c)Monthly Payment of Interest and Principal. Payments of interest and principal on each Class of Notes will be made pro rata
to the Registered Noteholders of that Class on each Payment Date. For Book-Entry Notes, payments will be made by wire transfer to the
account

7

designated by the nominee of the Clearing Agency according to Section 2.12. For Definitive Notes, payments will be made (i) if
the Noteholder has given to the Note Registrar instructions at least five Business Days before that Payment Date and the aggregate original
principal amount of the Noteholder's Notes is at least $1,000,000, by wire transfer to the account of the Registered Noteholder or (ii)
by check mailed first class mail, postage prepaid, to the Registered Noteholder's address as it appears on the Note Register on the related
Record Date. Amounts paid by wire transfers or checks that is returned undelivered will be held according to Section 3.3.

(d)Payment of Final Installment. The final installment of principal (whether payable by wire transfer or check) of each Note
on a Payment Date, the Redemption Date or the Final Scheduled Payment Date will be payable only on presentation and surrender of the Note,
subject to Section 2.7(a). The Indenture Trustee will notify each Registered Noteholder of the date the Issuer expects to pay the final
installment on any of the Notes, which notice will be delivered no later than five days before that date, and the place where the Notes
may be presented and surrendered for payment.

Section
2.10.Cancellation
of Notes. Any Person that receives a Note surrendered for
payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption will deliver the Note to the Indenture Trustee and the Indenture Trustee will
promptly cancel it. The Issuer may surrender to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation Notes previously authenticated and delivered under
this Indenture which the Issuer may have acquired, and the Indenture Trustee will promptly cancel them. No Notes will be authenticated
in place of or in exchange for Notes cancelled as stated in this Section 2.10. The Indenture Trustee may hold or dispose of cancelled
Notes according to its standard retention or disposal policy unless the Issuer directs, by Issuer Order, that they be destroyed or returned
to it.

Section
2.11.Release
of Collateral. The Indenture Trustee will release property
from the Lien of this Indenture only according to Sections 8.4 and 10.1. 

Section
2.12.Book-Entry
Notes. 

(a)Issuance and Registration. The Notes will be issued as Book-Entry Notes on the Closing Date. The Book-Entry Notes, on original
issuance, will be issued in the form of printed Notes representing the Book-Entry Notes and delivered to The Depository Trust Company,
the initial Clearing Agency, by, or on behalf of, the Issuer. The Book-Entry Notes will be registered initially on the Note Register in
the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of the initial Clearing Agency.

(b)Sole Noteholder. The Note Registrar and the Indenture Trustee may deal with the Clearing Agency as the sole Noteholder of
the Book-Entry Notes for all purposes of this Indenture and will not be obligated to the Note Owners, except as stated in Section 7.2.

(c)Rights. The rights of Note Owners may be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and will be limited to those established
by law and agreements between the Note Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or its participants under the Depository Agreement.

8

(d)Clearing Agency Obligations. The Clearing Agency will make book-entry transfers among its participants and receive and transmit
payments of principal of and interest on the Book-Entry Notes to the participants.

(e)Representation of Noteholders. If this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based on instructions or directions
of the Noteholders of a stated percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes (or the Controlling Class), the Clearing Agency will be deemed
to represent those Noteholders only if it has received instructions to that effect from Note Owners and/or the Clearing Agency's participants
owning or representing, the required percentage of the beneficial interest of the Notes (or the Controlling Class) and has delivered the
instructions to the Indenture Trustee.

(f)Conflicts. If this Section 2.12 conflicts with other terms of this Indenture, this Section 2.12 will control.

Section
2.13.Definitive
Notes. No Note Owner will receive a definitive, fully registered
Note (a "Definitive Note") representing the Note Owner's interest in the Note unless and until (a) the Administrator
notifies the Indenture Trustee that the Clearing Agency is no longer willing or able to properly discharge its responsibilities as depository
for the Book-Entry Notes and the Administrator is unable to reach an agreement on satisfactory terms with a qualified successor, (b) the
Administrator notifies the Indenture Trustee that it elects to terminate the book-entry system through the Clearing Agency or (c) after
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default or a Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event for the 2025-A Reference
Pool, Note Owners of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class notify the Indenture Trustee and the Clearing Agency that
they elect to terminate the book-entry system through the Clearing Agency. In these cases, the Clearing Agency will notify Note Owners
and the Indenture Trustee of the availability of Definitive Notes. After the Clearing Agency has surrendered the printed Notes representing
the Book-Entry Notes and delivered the registration instructions to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer will execute and the Indenture Trustee,
on Issuer Request, will authenticate the Definitive Notes according to the instructions of the Clearing Agency. None of the Issuer, the
Note Registrar or the Indenture Trustee will be liable for delay in delivery of the instructions and may conclusively rely, and will be
protected in relying, on the instructions. On the issuance of Definitive Notes to Note Owners, the Indenture Trustee will recognize the
holders of the Definitive Notes as Noteholders.

Section
2.14.Authenticating
Agents.

(a)Appointment. The Indenture Trustee may appoint one or more Persons as authenticating agents for the Notes (each, an "Authenticating
Agent") with the power to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication of Notes for issuances, transfers,
exchanges and replacements. The authentication of Notes by an Authenticating Agent under this Section 2.14 is deemed to be the authentication
of Notes "by the Indenture Trustee." If no Authenticating Agent is appointed, the Indenture Trustee will be the Authenticating
Agent for the Notes.

9

(b)Resignation and Termination. An Authenticating Agent may resign by notifying the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee.
The Indenture Trustee may terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by notifying the Authenticating Agent and the Owner Trustee.

Section
2.15.Note Paying
Agents.

(a)Appointment. The Indenture Trustee may appoint one or more Note Paying Agents that meet the eligibility standards for the
Indenture Trustee in Section 6.11(a). If no Note Paying Agent is appointed, then the Indenture Trustee will be the Note Paying Agent for
the Notes. Each Note Paying Agent will have the power to make distributions from the Bank Accounts.

(b)Resignation and Termination. A Note Paying Agent may resign by notifying the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the
Issuer. The Indenture Trustee may terminate the agency of a Note Paying Agent by notifying the Note Paying Agent, the Administrator and
the Issuer.

ARTICLE
III

COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section
3.1.Payment of Principal and Interest. The Issuer
will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Notes according to the Notes and this Indenture. Amounts withheld under
the Code or State or local tax law by any Person from a payment to a Noteholder will be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to
the Noteholder.

Section
3.2.Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuer
will maintain an office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of
transfer or exchange, and where notices to and demands on the Issuer for the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuer initially
appoints the Indenture Trustee to serve as its agent for those purposes. The Issuer will promptly notify the Indenture Trustee of a change
in the location of the office or agency. If the Issuer fails to maintain the office or agency or fails to furnish the Indenture Trustee
with the address of the office or agency, any surrender, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and
the Issuer appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent to receive them.

Section
3.3.Money for Payments To Be Held in Trust.

(a)Payments on the Notes. Payments on the Notes that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Bank Accounts will be made
on behalf of the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or a Note Paying Agent. No amounts withdrawn for payments on the Notes may be paid over
to the Issuer, except as stated in this Section 3.3.

(b)Agreement by Note Paying Agent. The Indenture Trustee will, and will cause each Note Paying Agent to, execute and deliver
to the Indenture Trustee, an instrument in which the Note Paying Agent agrees with the Indenture Trustee to:

10

(i)hold funds held by it for the payment of amounts due on the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to that money
and pay it to those Persons under this Indenture;

(ii)notify the Indenture Trustee of a default by the Issuer of which it has actual knowledge in the making of a required payment on
the Notes;

(iii)during the continuance of a default, on the request of the Indenture Trustee, immediately pay to the Indenture Trustee money held
by it in trust;

(iv)immediately resign as a Note Paying Agent and immediately pay to the Indenture Trustee amounts held by it in trust if it ceases
to meet the eligibility standards in Section 6.11 for the Indenture Trustee; and

(v)comply with all requirements of law for withholding and reporting requirements for payments on the Notes.

(c)Payment Direction. The Issuer may by Issuer Order, direct a Note Paying Agent to pay to the Indenture Trustee money held
in trust by the Note Paying Agent, which money will be held by the Indenture Trustee on the same terms as the Note Paying Agent. On a
Note Paying Agent's payment of money held in trust to the Indenture Trustee, the Note Paying Agent will be released from liability for
such amounts.

(d)Unclaimed Money. Subject to applicable law, money held by the Indenture Trustee or a Note Paying Agent in trust under this
Section 3.3 which remains unclaimed for two years after it became due and payable will be discharged from the trust and paid to the Issuer
on Issuer Request. After discharge and payment, the Noteholder of the Note will, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer
for payment of the amount due and unclaimed, and the Indenture Trustee or the Note Paying Agent will be released from liability for such
amounts. However, the Indenture Trustee or the Note Paying Agent, before making the payment, will publish once, at the expense and direction
of the Issuer, in a newspaper customarily published on each Business Day in the English language and of general circulation in The City
of New York, notice that the money remains unclaimed and that after a date stated in the notice, which must be at least 30 days from the
date of publication, any unclaimed balance of the money then remaining will be paid to the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee will also use
other reasonable means to notify the Noteholders of unclaimed payments.

Section
3.4.Existence. The Issuer will maintain its existence
as a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and will obtain and maintain its qualification in each jurisdiction in which
the qualification is or will be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes and the Collateral.

Section
3.5.Protection of Collateral.

(a)Amendments and Financing Statements. The Issuer will (i) execute and deliver amendments to this Indenture and other documents,
(ii) file or authorize and cause to be filed financing statements and amendments and continuations of those financing statements and (iii)
take other action necessary or advisable to:

11

(A)maintain or preserve the Lien and security interest (and the priority of the security interest) of this Indenture;

(B)perfect, maintain perfection, publish notice of or protect the validity of a Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

(C)enforce the Collateral; or

(D)maintain and defend title to the Collateral and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties in the Collateral against
the claims of all Persons, subject to Permitted Liens and the Transaction Documents.

(b)Authorization to File. The Issuer authorizes the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee to file financing and continuation
statements, and amendments to the statements, in the jurisdictions and with the filing offices as the Administrator or the Indenture Trustee
may reasonably determine necessary or advisable to perfect the Indenture Trustee's interest in the Collateral. The financing and continuation
statements may describe the Collateral as the Administrator or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine necessary or advisable to
perfect the Indenture Trustee's interest in the Collateral (including describing the Collateral as "all assets" of the Issuer
"now owned or later acquired" or words to that effect). The Administrator or the Indenture Trustee will promptly deliver to
the Issuer file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any financing statement, continuation statement and amendment to a previously
filed financing statement.

(c)Indenture Trustee Not Obligated. The Indenture Trustee is not obligated to (i) make a determination of whether filing financing
or continuation statements, or amendments to the statements, is required or (ii) file any financing or continuation statements, or amendments
to the statements, and will not be liable for failure to do so.

Section
3.6.Performance of Obligations.

(a)Performance of Obligations. The Issuer will perform all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents and documents
included in the Collateral.

(b)Subcontracting. The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its obligations under this Indenture.
Initially, the Issuer has contracted with the Servicer and the Administrator to assist the Issuer in performing its obligations under
this Indenture.

(c)Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event. If the Issuer has knowledge of a Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event for
the 2025-A Reference Pool, the Issuer will notify the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies of the event and any action the Issuer
is taking to correct the situation. If a Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event results from the failure of the Servicer to perform
its obligations under the Servicing Supplement and the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer will take reasonable steps available to cause the
Servicer to correct the failure. If (i) a Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event for the 2025-A Reference Pool occurs according to
Section 7.3(a) of the Servicing Agreement, (ii) the Servicer is removed for the 2025-A Reference Pool according to Section 7.3(c) of the
Servicing Agreement or (iii) a

12

Successor Servicer is appointed according to Section 7.5(b) of the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer will,
in each case, promptly notify the Rating Agencies, Indenture Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section
3.7.Negative Covenants. So long as Notes are Outstanding,
the Issuer will not, except as permitted in the Transaction Documents:

(a)Dispose of Collateral. Sell, transfer, exchange or dispose of the Collateral unless directed to do so by the Indenture Trustee;

(b)No Release of Material Obligations. Take action, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any action
from being taken by others, that would release any Person from any material obligation under a document included in the Collateral or
that would impair the validity or enforceability of the Collateral or a document included in the Collateral;

(c)Set-off. Claim a credit on, or make a deduction from the payments of principal or interest on, the Notes (other than amounts
withheld from payments under applicable law) or assert a claim against a Noteholder by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed
on the Issuer or the Collateral;

(d)Dissolve or Liquidate. Dissolve or liquidate;

(e)Liens. Permit (i) the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this Indenture to
be amended, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit a Person to be released from obligations under this Indenture except in
each case as permitted by this Indenture, (ii) any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, to be created on or extend to the Collateral or (iii)
the Lien of this Indenture not to be a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral, other than Permitted Liens; or

(f)Modification of Collateral or Transaction Documents. Amend, modify, waive, terminate or surrender any Collateral or any
Transaction Document without the consent of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Notes and
notifying the Rating Agencies.

Section
3.8.Opinions on Collateral.

(a)Opinion on Recording. If this Indenture is subject to recording, the Issuer, at its expense, will record it and deliver
an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee stating that the recording is necessary either for the protection of the Secured Parties
or for the enforcement of a right or remedy Granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture.

(b)Opinion on Perfection. On the Closing Date, the Issuer will furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating
that this Indenture and all financing statements have been properly recorded or filed to perfect the Lien created by this Indenture, or
stating that in the opinion of that counsel no action is necessary to perfect the Lien.

(c)Annual Opinion. On or before April 30 of each year, starting in the year after the Closing Date, the Issuer will furnish
to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either (i)

13

stating that, in the opinion of that counsel, all action has been taken for
the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture and all financing statements and continuation statements to maintain
the Lien of this Indenture or (ii) stating that in the opinion of that counsel no action is necessary to maintain the Lien.

Section
3.9.Annual Certificate of Compliance. The Issuer will
deliver to the Indenture Trustee within 90 days after the end of each year, starting in the year after the Closing Date, an Officer's
Certificate signed by a Responsible Person of the Issuer, stating that (a) a review of the Issuer's activities and of its performance
under this Indenture during the prior year has been made under a Responsible Person's supervision and (b) to the Responsible Person's
knowledge, based on the review, the Issuer has fulfilled in all material respects its obligations under this Indenture throughout the
prior year or, if there has been a failure to fulfill an obligation in any material respect, stating each failure known to the Responsible
Person and the nature and status of the failure. A copy of the Officer's Certificate may be obtained by any Noteholder or Person certifying
it is a Note Owner by request to the Indenture Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office. The Issuer's obligation to deliver an Officer's
Certificate under this Section 3.9 will terminate on the payment in full of the Notes.

Section
3.10.Merger and
Consolidation; Transfer of Assets. The Issuer will not merge
or consolidate with or into any other Person or transfer all or substantially all of its assets, unless:

(a)Surviving Person. The Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving the merger or consolidation, or that acquires
those assets, (i) is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any State and (ii) assumes, by an indenture supplemental
to this Indenture (unless the assumption happens by operation of law), executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes and the performance
of the other obligations under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents to be performed by the Issuer;

(b)Subordination. For a transfer of the assets included in the Collateral, the Person who acquires those assets agrees by means
of the supplemental indenture executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee that (i) all right, title and interest transferred will
be subject and subordinate to the rights of the Noteholders, (ii) unless stated in the supplemental indenture, that Person will indemnify
the Issuer for fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities (including fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage
or liability) related to this Indenture and the Notes and (iii) that Person will make all necessary filings, including filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission required by the Exchange Act for the Notes;

(c)No Default or Event of Default. Immediately after giving effect to the merger, consolidation or transfer, no Default or
Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing;

(d)Rating Agency Condition. The Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied for the merger, consolidation or transfer;

(e)Opinion. The Issuer has received an Opinion of Counsel (with a copy to the Indenture Trustee) stating that the merger, consolidation
or transfer will not (i) cause any

14

security issued by the Issuer to be deemed sold or exchanged for purposes of Section 1001 of the Code,
(ii) cause the Issuer or a Titling Company to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for
U.S. federal income tax purposes or (iii) adversely affect the treatment of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(f)Actions. Any action necessary to maintain the Lien and security interest Granted by this Indenture has been taken; and

(g)Conditions. The Issuer has delivered to the Depositor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Officer's
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that the merger, consolidation or transfer and the supplemental indenture comply with
this Section 3.10 and that all the conditions in this Indenture for the merger, consolidation or transfer have been satisfied.

Section
3.11.Successor
or Transferee. On a merger or consolidation of the Issuer
or a transfer under Section 3.10, (a) the Person formed by or surviving the merger or consolidation (if other than the Issuer) will succeed
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise the rights and powers of, the Issuer under this Indenture with the same effect as if that
Person had been named as the Issuer in this Indenture and (b) for a transfer of the assets of the Issuer under Section 3.10, the predecessor
Issuer will be released from its obligations under this Indenture to be performed by the successor Issuer for the Notes immediately on
receipt of notice by the Indenture Trustee stating that the Issuer is to be released.

Section
3.12.No Other
Activities. The Issuer will not engage in activities other
than financing, acquiring, owning and pledging the Trust Property as described in the Transaction Documents and activities incidental
to those activities.

Section
3.13.Further
Acts and Documents. On request of the Indenture Trustee,
the Issuer will take action and execute and deliver additional documents reasonably required to perform and carry out the purposes of
this Indenture.

Section
3.14.Restricted
Payments.

(a)No Set-off. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, (i) make payments (by reduction of capital or otherwise) to the
Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee or the holder of the Residual Interest, (ii) redeem, purchase, retire or acquire for value an ownership
interest in the Issuer or (iii) set aside or segregate amounts for those purposes, except as permitted under this Indenture and the other
Transaction Documents.

(b)No Other Payments. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account
except according to the Transaction Documents.

Section
3.15.Notice of
Events of Default. The Issuer will notify the Indenture
Trustee, the Servicer and the Rating Agencies as soon as practicable and within five Business Days after a Responsible Person of the Issuer
has knowledge of an Event of Default.

Section
3.16.Review of
Issuer's Records. The Issuer will maintain records and documents
relating to its performance under this Indenture according to its customary business 

15

practices. On reasonable request not more
than once during any year, the Issuer will give the Indenture Trustee (or its representatives) access to the records and documents to
conduct a review of the Issuer's performance under this Indenture. Any access or review will be conducted at the Issuer's offices during
its normal business hours at a time reasonably convenient to the Issuer and in a manner that will minimize disruption to its business
operations. Any access or review will be subject to the Issuer's confidentiality and privacy policies.

Section
3.17.Issuer's
Representations and Warranties. The Issuer represents and
warrants to the Indenture Trustee as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Issuer is duly formed and validly existing as a statutory trust in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Issuer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The Issuer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party are the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Issuer enforceable against the Issuer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar laws relating
to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it
is a party and the performance of its obligations under such documents will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under any
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Issuer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii)
result in the creation or imposition of a Lien on the Issuer's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document (other than this Indenture), (iii) violate the Trust Agreement or (iv) violate a
law or, to the Issuer's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or
other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Issuer or its properties that applies to the Issuer, which, in each case,
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing before
a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Issuer
or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of the Transaction Documents or the Notes, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the
Notes or the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity
or enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or (iv) relating to the Issuer that would reasonably be expected to (A) affect
the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise tax purposes, (B) be deemed
to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to be treated as an association
or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case, other than the

16

proceedings
that, to the Issuer's knowledge, would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, the performance by
the Issuer of its obligations under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment
of the Issuer or the Notes.

(e)No Investment Company. The Issuer is not an "investment company" as defined in the Investment Company Act. In
making this determination, the Issuer is relying on the exemption in Rule 3a-7 of the Investment Company Act, although other exclusions
or exemptions may also be available to the Issuer.

(f)Volcker Rule. The Issuer is structured not to be a "covered fund" under the regulations adopted to implement Section
619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, commonly known as the "Volcker Rule."

Section
3.18.Issuer's
Representations and Warranties About Security Interest.
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Indenture Trustee as of the Closing Date, which representations and warranties will survive
the termination of this Indenture and may not be waived by the Indenture Trustee:

(a)Valid Security Interest. This Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC)
in the Collateral in favor of the Indenture Trustee which is prior to all other Liens, other than Permitted Liens, and is enforceable
against creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer.

(b)Type. The Collateral (other than those Permitted Investments which have been credited to a Securities Account) is "certificated
securities," "instruments" or "general intangibles" within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

(c)Good Title. The Issuer owns and has good and marketable title to the Collateral free and clear of any Lien, other than Permitted
Liens. The executed 2025-A Exchange Note has been delivered to the Indenture Trustee. The 2025-A Exchange Note either (i) has been indorsed,
by an effective indorsement, to the Indenture Trustee or in blank or (ii) has been registered in the name of the Indenture Trustee. The
Issuer has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Collateral to Grant to the Indenture Trustee all of its right,
title and interest in the Collateral, except if a requirement for consent or approval is made ineffective under the applicable UCC.

(d)Filing Financing Statements. The Issuer has caused, or will cause within ten days after the Closing Date, the filing of
all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law to perfect the
security interest Granted in the Collateral to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture. All financing statements filed or to be filed
against the Issuer in favor of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture describing the Collateral will contain the following statement:
"A purchase of or grant of a security interest in collateral described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the
Secured Parties."

(e)No Other Sale, Grant or Financing Statements. Other than the security interest Granted to the Indenture Trustee under this
Indenture, the Issuer has not sold or Granted a security interest in any of the Collateral. The Issuer has not authorized the filing of
and is not

17

aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering any of the Collateral,
other than financing statements relating to the security interest Granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture. The Issuer is
not aware of any judgment or tax Lien filings against it.

(f)Securities Account. All Permitted Investments have been and will be credited to a Securities Account. The securities intermediary
for each Securities Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to the Securities Accounts as "financial assets" within
the meaning of the applicable UCC.

(g)Securities Intermediary Agreement. The Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee a fully executed agreement under which
the securities intermediary has agreed to comply with all instructions originated by the Indenture Trustee relating to the Securities
Accounts without further consent by the Issuer.

(h)Name of Securities Accounts. The Securities Accounts are not in the name of a Person other than the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee. The Issuer has not consented to the securities intermediary of a Securities Account complying with entitlement orders of a Person
other than the Indenture Trustee.

Section
3.19.Calculation
Agent; Benchmark Determination.

(a)Appointment. The Issuer agrees that for so long as the Floating Rate Notes are Outstanding and the Benchmark is SOFR there
will be an agent appointed to determine or obtain SOFR for each Interest Period (the "Calculation Agent"). The Issuer
appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Calculation Agent only for the purposes of obtaining SOFR for each Interest
Period and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association accepts the appointment. The Calculation Agent may be removed by the Issuer at
any time upon notice of such removal. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as Calculation Agent or is removed by the
Issuer, the Issuer will promptly appoint as a replacement Calculation Agent a leading bank with the ability to determine or obtain SOFR
that is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or its Affiliates. The Calculation Agent may not resign without a replacement having been duly
appointed.

(b)Benchmark Determination. If the Benchmark is SOFR, on each SOFR Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will notify the
Servicer, the Issuer and the Administrator by email of SOFR for the related Interest Period. If the Benchmark is any rate other than SOFR,
on each Benchmark Determination Date, the Issuer will notify the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee by email of the Benchmark for the
related Interest Period. All determinations of the Benchmark by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as applicable, in the absence of
manifest error, will be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.

(c)Effect of Benchmark Transition Event.

(i)Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement
Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes

18

relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations
on all subsequent dates.

(ii)Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.

(iii)Notice of Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Promptly following the determination of
a Benchmark Replacement and/or the making of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer will notify the Indenture Trustee
and the Servicer, and will provide to the Servicer the relevant information regarding the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment and any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes for inclusion in the Monthly Investor Report. Notwithstanding
anything in this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, upon the delivery of such notice and the inclusion of such
information in the Monthly Investor Report, this Indenture and/or any other relevant Transaction Document will be deemed to have been
amended to reflect such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
without further compliance with the provisions of Article IX of this Indenture or the amendment provisions of any other relevant Transaction
Document.

(iv)Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section
3.19(c) (or pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 3.19(c) or in any such capitalized term), including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Issuer's
sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, will become effective without consent from
any other party. None of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Administrator, the Sponsor,
the Depositor or the Servicer will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to this Section
3.19(c) (or pursuant to any capitalized term used in this Section 3.19(c) or in any such capitalized term), and each Noteholder and Note
Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against
the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Administrator, the Sponsor, the Depositor and the Servicer
relating to any such determinations.

ARTICLE
IV

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section
4.1.Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.

(a)Conditions to Satisfaction and Discharge. Except as stated in Section 4.1(c), this Indenture will cease to be of further
effect for the Notes if:

19

(i)either (A) the Notes that have been authenticated and delivered (other than (1) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
and that have been replaced or paid under Section 2.7 and (2) Notes for which payment money has been deposited in trust or segregated
and held in trust by the Issuer and later paid to the Issuer or discharged from the trust under Section 3.3) have been delivered to the
Indenture Trustee for cancellation or (B) the Notes not delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable
and the Issuer has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Indenture Trustee money in trust in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge
the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and interest accrued on the Notes on the Redemption Date;

(ii)the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all money payable by it under the Transaction Documents; and

(iii)the Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel meeting the requirements of
Section 11.4.

(b)Acknowledgement of Satisfaction and Discharge. After the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture under Section 4.1(a),
the Indenture Trustee will (i) by Issuer Order and at the expense of the Issuer, execute documents acknowledging satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture and (ii) at the request of the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee will deliver to the Owner Trustee a certificate
of a Responsible Person stating that all Noteholders have been paid in full.

(c)Continuing Rights and Obligations. After the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, this Indenture will continue
for (i) rights of registration of transfer and exchange, (ii) replacement of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) the rights
of the Noteholders to receive payments of principal of and interest on the Notes, (iv) the obligations of the Indenture Trustee and any
Note Paying Agent under Section 3.3, (v) the rights, obligations and immunities of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture and (vi)
the rights of the Secured Parties as beneficiaries of this Indenture in the property deposited with the Indenture Trustee payable to them
for a period of two years after the satisfaction and discharge.

ARTICLE
V

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES

Section
5.1.Events of Default.

(a)Events of Default. The occurrence of one of the following events will be an event of default under this Indenture (each,
an "Event of Default"):

(i)the Issuer fails to pay interest due on a Note of the Controlling Class on any Payment Date, and the failure continues for five
days or more;

(ii)the Issuer fails to pay the principal of a Note on its Final Scheduled Payment Date;

(iii)the Issuer fails to observe a material covenant or agreement of the Issuer in this Indenture (other than to pay interest on or
principal of the Notes) or a

20

representation or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture or in an Officer's Certificate or other document
delivered under this Indenture is incorrect in any material respect when made and, in each case, the failure or error continues for at
least 60 days after the Issuer receives notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee receive notice from
the Noteholders of at least 25% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class stating the failure or error, requiring it to be corrected
and stating that the notice is a "Notice of Default"; or

(iv)an Insolvency Event of the Issuer occurs.

(b)Issuer to Notify. The Issuer will notify the Indenture Trustee within five Business Days after a Responsible Person of the
Issuer has knowledge of the occurrence of a Default under Section 5.1(a)(iii), which notice will describe the Default, the status of the
Default and what action the Issuer is taking to correct the Default. The Issuer will deliver a copy of the notice to each Qualified Institution
(if not the Indenture Trustee) maintaining a Bank Account.

(c)Indenture Trustee to Notify. The Indenture Trustee will notify the Noteholders within five Business Days after a Responsible
Person of the Indenture Trustee has knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default.

Section
5.2.Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission.

(a)Acceleration. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders of a majority of
the Note Balance of the Controlling Class may declare the Notes to be accelerated by notifying the Issuer (and the Indenture Trustee if
such notice is given by the Noteholders). On acceleration, the unpaid Note Balance of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest,
will become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default in Section 5.1(a)(iv) occurs, all unpaid principal of and accrued and
unpaid interest on the Notes, and all other amounts payable under this Indenture, will automatically become immediately due and payable
without a declaration or other act of the Indenture Trustee or a Noteholder. On the declaration of acceleration or automatic acceleration,
the Indenture Trustee will promptly notify each Secured Party and each Qualified Institution (if not the Indenture Trustee) maintaining
a Bank Account.

(b)Rescission of Acceleration. The Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class, by notifying the
Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, may rescind a declaration of acceleration before a judgment or decree for payment of the amount due
has been obtained by the Indenture Trustee as stated in this Article V if:

(i)the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Indenture Trustee an amount sufficient to (A) pay the due and unpaid principal of and
interest on the Notes and all other amounts that would then be due under this Indenture or on the Notes if the Event of Default giving
rise to the acceleration had not occurred, (B) pay all amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.7 and (C) pay all other outstanding
fees and expenses of the Issuer; and

21

(ii)all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal of the Notes that has become due solely by acceleration, have
been corrected or waived under Section 5.14.

Section
5.3.Collection of Indebtedness by Indenture Trustee.

(a)Overdue Amounts. If an Event of Default under Section 5.1(a)(i) or (ii) occurs and is continuing, the Issuer, on demand
of the Indenture Trustee, will pay to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, the overdue amount with interest at the
rate of interest then applicable to the Notes.

(b)Collection Costs. In addition, the Issuer will pay the costs of collection, including all amounts owed to the Indenture
Trustee under Section 6.7.

(c)Proceedings. If the Issuer fails to pay those amounts on demand, the Indenture Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of
an express trust, may start a proceeding to collect the money due and unpaid, and may pursue the proceeding to final judgment, and may
enforce the judgment against the Issuer and collect the money due and unpaid in the manner provided by law out of the Collateral.

Section
5.4.Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.

(a)Proofs of Claim. If there is a proceeding involving the Issuer under the Bankruptcy Code or another bankruptcy, insolvency
or other similar law, or in case a trustee, liquidator, receiver or similar official has been appointed for or taken possession of the
Issuer or its property, the Indenture Trustee may:

(i)file a proof of claim for due and unpaid principal of and interest on the Notes and file other proofs of claim or documents necessary
or advisable to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties allowed in the proceedings or in other judicial
proceedings involving the Issuer, its creditors and its property;

(ii)unless prohibited by applicable law, vote on behalf of the Secured Parties in the election of a trustee, a standby trustee or a
Person performing similar functions in the proceedings; and

(iii)collect and receive any money or other property payable or deliverable on the claims and pay all amounts received on the claims
of the Secured Parties, including the claims asserted by the Indenture Trustee on their behalf.

(b)Authorization by Secured Parties. Each Secured Party authorizes a trustee, liquidator, receiver or similar official in a
proceeding to make payments to the Indenture Trustee and, if the Indenture Trustee consents to make payments directly to the Secured Parties,
to pay to the Indenture Trustee the amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.7.

(c)No Right to Consent or Vote. Except as permitted under Section 5.4(a)(ii), this Indenture (i) does not authorize the Indenture
Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or

22

accept or adopt on behalf of a Secured Party a plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Notes and (ii) does not limit the rights of a Secured Party to authorize the Indenture Trustee
to vote on the claim of a Secured Party in the proceeding.

Section
5.5.Enforcement of Claims Without Possession of Notes.

(a)Notes not Required. The Indenture Trustee may enforce its rights and make claims under this Indenture, or under the Notes,
without the possession of the Notes or the production of the Notes in a proceeding. A proceeding started by the Indenture Trustee will
be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment will be for the benefit of the Secured Parties
for which the judgment has been recovered.

(b)Proceeding. In any proceeding brought by the Indenture Trustee (and any proceeding involving the interpretation of this
Indenture to which the Indenture Trustee is a party), the Indenture Trustee will be held to represent all the Secured Parties, and it
will not be necessary to make any Secured Party, including a Noteholder, a party to the proceeding.

Section
5.6.Remedies; Priorities.

(a)Remedies. If the Notes have been accelerated under Section 5.2(a) and the declaration of acceleration has not been rescinded
according to Section 5.2(b), the Indenture Trustee may do one or more of the following (subject to Section 5.7), and will at the direction
of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class:

(i)start a proceeding in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Notes
or under this Indenture on the Notes, enforce any judgment obtained and collect from the Issuer money adjudged due;

(ii)start a proceeding for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture on the Collateral;

(iii)sell or liquidate all or any part of the Collateral or rights or interest in the Collateral at one or more public or private sales
called and conducted in any manner permitted by law;

(iv)exercise any remedies of a secured party under the UCC; and

(v)take any other action to protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties.

(b)Notice of Sale or Liquidation of Collateral. The Indenture Trustee will notify each Secured Party and the Depositor of a
sale or liquidation under Section 5.6(a)(iii) at least 15 days before the sale or liquidation. A Secured Party, the Depositor or the Servicer
may submit a bid during the sale or liquidation.

(c)Limitation on Collateral Liquidation. The Indenture Trustee may not sell or liquidate the Collateral unless:

23

(i)the Event of Default is described in Section 5.1(a)(i) or (ii); or

(ii)the Event of Default is described in Section 5.1(a)(iii) and:

(A) the Noteholders representing 100% of the Note Balance of the Notes consent to the sale or liquidation; or

(B) the proceeds of the sale or liquidation are expected to be sufficient to pay in full all amounts owed by the Issuer to the Secured
Parties including all principal of and accrued interest on the Notes;

(iii)the Event of Default is described in Section 5.1(a)(iv) and:

(A) the Noteholders representing 100% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class consent to the sale or liquidation; or

(B) the proceeds of the sale or liquidation are expected to be sufficient to pay in full all amounts owed by the Issuer to the Secured
Parties including all principal of and accrued interest on the Notes; or

(C) the Indenture Trustee (1) determines that the Collateral will not continue to provide sufficient money for the payment of all amounts
owed to the Secured Parties, as those payments would have become due if the Notes had not been accelerated and (2) obtains the consent
of the Noteholders of at least 66-2/3% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class.

In determining whether the condition in clause
(ii)(B), (iii)(B) or (iii)(C) (1) above has been satisfied, the Indenture Trustee may rely on an opinion of a nationally-recognized Independent
investment banking firm or firm of certified public accountants on the expected proceeds or on the sufficiency of the Collateral for that
purpose.

(d)Proceeds of Collateral. Any money or property collected by the Indenture Trustee after an acceleration of the Notes will
be deposited in the Collection Account for distribution according to Section 8.2(d) on the Payment Date after the Collection Period during
which those amounts are collected. In all other circumstances, Section 8.2(c) will continue to apply after an Event of Default.

Section
5.7.Optional Preservation of Collateral. If the Notes
have been accelerated under Section 5.2(a) and the declaration of acceleration has not been rescinded, the Indenture Trustee may elect
to maintain possession of the Collateral. The Indenture Trustee will take into account that the 2025-A Collections and other amounts expected
to be received on the Collateral must be sufficient to pay the unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes when determining
whether or not to maintain possession of part of the Collateral. In making this determination, the Indenture Trustee may rely on an opinion
of a nationally-recognized Independent investment banking firm or firm of certified public accountants.

24

Section
5.8.Limitation on Suits.

(a)Proceedings. No Noteholder has the right to start a proceeding under this Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver
or trustee, or for any other remedy under this Indenture, unless:

(i)the Noteholder has notified the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default;

(ii)the Noteholders of at least 25% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class have requested the Indenture Trustee to start the
proceeding for the Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee under this Indenture;

(iii)the Noteholders have offered reasonable indemnity satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee against fees, expenses, losses, damages,
claims and liabilities that may be incurred by the Indenture Trustee, or its agents, counsel, accountants and experts, in complying with
the request;

(iv)the Indenture Trustee has failed to start the proceedings for 60 days after it receives the notice, request and offer of indemnity;
and

(v)the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class have not given the Indenture Trustee a direction inconsistent
with the request during that 60 day period.

(b)No Right to Impair. No Noteholder has the right to impair the rights of another Noteholder or to seek or obtain priority
or preference over another Noteholder or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner stated in this Indenture.

(c)Conflicting Requests. If the Indenture Trustee receives conflicting requests under Section 5.8(a)(ii) from two or more groups
of Noteholders, each evidencing less than a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class, the Indenture Trustee will take the
action requested by the Noteholders representing the greatest percentage of the Note Balance, notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture.

Section
5.9.Unconditional Rights to Receive Principal and Interest.
Each Noteholder has an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the principal of and interest on its Note on or after the
due dates stated in the Note or in this Indenture (or, for redemption, on or after the Redemption Date) and to start a proceeding for
the enforcement of the payment according to Section 5.8. Those rights may not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Noteholder.

Section
5.10.Restoration
of Rights and Remedies. If the Indenture Trustee or a Noteholder
has started a proceeding to enforce a right or remedy under this Indenture and the proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned or has
been determined adversely to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholder, then the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, subject
to a determination in the proceeding, will be restored to their former 

25

positions under this Indenture, and all rights and remedies
of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders will continue as though no proceeding had been started.

Section
5.11.Rights and
Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy of the Indenture
Trustee or the Noteholders under this Indenture is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy,
if permitted by law, will be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy under this Indenture. The exercise of a right
or remedy will not prevent the exercise of another right or remedy at the same time. The Indenture Trustee's right to seek and recover
judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture will not be affected by the seeking, obtaining or use of other relief under this Indenture.
Neither the Lien of this Indenture nor the rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders will be impaired by the recovery
of a judgment by the Indenture Trustee against the Issuer or by the execution of a judgment on the Collateral.

Section
5.12.Delay or
Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or omission of the Indenture
Trustee or a Noteholder to exercise a right or remedy after a Default or Event of Default will impair the right or remedy, or be a waiver
of the Default or Event of Default. Every right and remedy under this Article V or under law of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders
may be exercised as often as deemed advisable by the Indenture Trustee or by the Noteholders.

Section
5.13.Control
by Noteholders. The Noteholders of a majority of the Note
Balance of the Controlling Class have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting a proceeding for a remedy available
to the Indenture Trustee for the Notes or exercising a trust or power of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the following terms.

(a)No Conflict. The direction does not conflict with law or with this Indenture.

(b)Direction to Sell or Liquidate. Except under Section 5.6(c), a direction to the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate the
Collateral must have been made by the Noteholders of 100% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class.

(c)Non-Unanimous Directions. If the Indenture Trustee elects to retain the Collateral under Section 5.7, then a direction to
the Indenture Trustee by Noteholders of less than 100% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class to sell or liquidate the Collateral
will not be effective.

(d)Other Action. The Indenture Trustee may take other action considered advisable by the Indenture Trustee that is not inconsistent
with the direction from the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class.

(e)Adverse Action. The Indenture Trustee need not take an action that it determines might have a material adverse effect on
the rights of the Noteholders not consenting to the action.

Section
5.14.Waiver of
Defaults and Events of Default.

(a)Waiver by Controlling Class. The Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class may waive a Default
or Event of Default except an Event of Default (i)

26

in the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes (other than an Event of Default
relating to failure to pay principal due only by reason of acceleration) or (ii) for a covenant or term of this Indenture that cannot
be amended, supplemented or modified without the consent of all the Noteholders.

(b)Effect of Waiver. Once waived, the Default or Event of Default will be considered not to have occurred for all purposes
of this Indenture. No waiver will extend to any other Default or Event of Default or impair any right relating to any other Default or
Event of Default.

Section
5.15.Agreement
to Pay Costs. The parties to this Indenture agree, and each
Noteholder by its acceptance of a Note will be deemed to have agreed, that a court may in its discretion require, in a proceeding for
the enforcement of a right or remedy under this Indenture, or in a proceeding against the Indenture Trustee for an action taken or not
taken by it as Indenture Trustee, the filing by a party litigant in the proceeding of an agreement to pay the costs of the proceeding,
and that the court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against a party litigant in the
proceeding. This Section 5.15 will not apply to (a) a proceeding started by the Indenture Trustee, (b) a proceeding started by a Noteholder
or group of Noteholders holding more than 10% of the Note Balance of the Notes (or for a proceeding for the enforcement of a right or
remedy under this Indenture that is started by the Controlling Class, holding more than 10% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class)
or (c) a proceeding started by a Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of principal of or interest on a Note on or after the respective
due dates expressed in the Note and in this Indenture (or, for redemption, on or after the Redemption Date).

Section
5.16.Waiver of
Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer agrees that it will not
plead or in any manner claim or take the benefit of, a stay or extension that may affect the performance of its obligations under this
Indenture, and the Issuer waives the benefit of such law.

Section
5.17.Performance
and Enforcement of Obligations.

(a)Actions Requested by Indenture Trustee. At the Administrator's expense, the Issuer will promptly take any lawful action
the Indenture Trustee requests to (i) compel the performance by (A) the Titling Companies, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer of their
obligations to the Issuer under the Credit and Security Agreement, the Exchange Note Supplement, the Servicing Agreement or the Servicing
Supplement or (B) the Depositor and Ford Credit of their obligations under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement and the Exchange Note
Sale Agreement and (ii) exercise any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims available to the Issuer under those agreements as
directed by the Indenture Trustee.

(b)Exercise by Indenture Trustee. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, (i) the Indenture Trustee may, and at the
direction of the Noteholders of at least 66-2/3% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class will, exercise all rights, remedies, powers,
privileges and claims of the Issuer against (A) the Titling Companies, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer under the Credit and Security
Agreement, the Exchange Note Supplement, the Servicing Agreement or the Servicing Supplement or (B) the Depositor and Ford Credit under
the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement and the Exchange Note Sale Agreement, including the right or power to take any

27

action to compel or
secure performance or observance by those Persons of their obligations to the Issuer under those agreements, and to give a consent, request,
notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under those agreements and (ii) the right and power of the Issuer to take any such action
will be suspended.

(c)Indenture Trustee May Enforce Exchange Note. The Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of the Noteholders of a majority
of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class, may exercise any rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims available to the Issuer
as holder of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

ARTICLE
VI

INDENTURE TRUSTEE

Section
6.1.Indenture Trustee's Obligations.

(a)Standard of Care. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee will exercise the rights
and powers vested in it under this Indenture using the same degree of care and skill as a prudent person would use under the circumstances
in the conduct of that person's own affairs.

(b)Obligations; Reliance. Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)the Indenture Trustee agrees to perform the obligations and only the obligations stated in this Indenture and no implied covenants
or obligations are to be read into this Indenture; and

(ii)in the absence of willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, for the
truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions furnished to it, on certificates or opinions furnished to it and, if required
by this Indenture, conforming to the requirements of this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions
to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements, if any, of this Indenture.

(c)Indenture Trustee Liable. The Indenture Trustee will not be relieved from liability for its own willful misconduct, bad
faith or negligence, except that:

(i)this Section 6.1(c) does not limit the effect of Section 6.1(b);

(ii)the Indenture Trustee will not be liable for an error of judgment made in good faith unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee
was negligent in determining the relevant facts; and

(iii)the Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any action taken or not taken in good faith according to this Indenture or a direction
received by it under Sections 5.13, 5.17(b) and 7.2.

(d)Not Liable for Interest. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable for interest on money received by it, except as the Indenture
Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

28

(e)Not Required to Segregate. The Indenture Trustee need not segregate any funds held by it in trust under this Indenture from
other funds unless required by law, this Indenture, the Exchange Note Supplement or the Servicing Supplement.

(f)Section Governs. The terms of this Indenture relating to the conduct of the Indenture Trustee, the liability of the Indenture
Trustee or giving protection to the Indenture Trustee are subject to this Section 6.1 and to the TIA.

(g)No Deemed Knowledge. The Indenture Trustee will not be deemed to have knowledge of a Default, an Event of Default or a breach
of a representation or warranty unless (i) a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee has knowledge of the Default, Event of Default
or breach or (ii) it has actually received notice of the Default, Event of Default or breach.

(h)Permissive Rights. No permissive right of the Indenture Trustee in this Indenture or any other Transaction Document will
be considered to be an obligation, and the Indenture Trustee will not be liable for not taking action under any permissive right.

(i)Enforceable in all Capacities. The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee
in this Article VI, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and will be enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in each
of its capacities under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents, including as Authenticating Agent, Calculation Agent, Note
Registrar and Note Paying Agent under this Indenture and by the Financial Institution under the Account Control Agreement and the Titling
Company Account Control Agreement.

Section
6.2.Indenture Trustee's Rights.

(a)Reliance on Documents. The Indenture Trustee may rely on any document believed by it to be genuine and which appears on
its face to be properly executed and signed or presented by the proper Person. The Indenture Trustee is not required to investigate any
facts or matters or to verify any calculations or amounts stated in any document. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any action
taken or not taken in good faith in reliance on a document believed by it to be genuine.

(b)Reliance on Opinions. Before the Indenture Trustee acts or does not act, it may require and rely on an Officer's Certificate
or an Opinion of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any action taken or not taken in good faith in reliance on an Officer's
Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

(c)Use of Agents. The Indenture Trustee may exercise its rights or powers under this Indenture or perform its obligations under
this Indenture either directly or by or through agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee. The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible
for misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of, the agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed by it with
due care.

(d)Good Faith. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any action taken or not taken in good faith which it believes to
be authorized or within its rights or powers under this Indenture so long as the action taken or not taken does not amount to negligence.

29

(e)Advice from Experts. The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, accountants or other experts, and the advice or opinion
of counsel, accountants or other experts on any matters relating to this Indenture and the Notes will be full and complete authorization
and protection from liability for any action taken or not taken by it under this Indenture in good faith and according to the advice or
opinion of that counsel, accountant or expert.

(f)Not Required to Pay or Risk Funds. The Indenture Trustee is not obligated to (i) exercise the rights or powers under this
Indenture or to pay or risk its own funds or incur any financial liability in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture
if it has reasonable grounds to believe that payment of such funds or adequate indemnity satisfactory to it against that risk or liability
is not reasonably assured or given to it or (ii) start, pursue or defend litigation, investigate any matter or honor the request, demand
or direction of the Noteholders under this Indenture, other than requests, demands or directions relating to an asset representations
review demand under Section 7.2, unless the Noteholders have offered to the Indenture Trustee reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory
to it for the reasonable expenses that might be incurred by the Indenture Trustee in complying with the request or direction.

(g)Force Majeure. The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible or liable for a failure or delay in the performance of its
obligations under this Indenture from or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including strikes, work stoppages,
acts of war, terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear catastrophes, fires, floods, earthquakes, storms, hurricanes or other
natural catastrophes and interruptions, loss or failures of mechanical, electronic or communication systems, pandemics or epidemics. The
Indenture Trustee will use reasonable efforts consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon
as practicable under the circumstances.

(h)Consequential Damages. The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible or liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential
losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and
regardless of the form of action.

Section
6.3.Indenture Trustee's Individual Rights. The Indenture
Trustee and any Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar or Authenticating Agent under this Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity,
may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were
not Indenture Trustee or Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar or Authenticating Agent.

Section
6.4.Indenture Trustee's Disclaimer. The Indenture
Trustee will not be liable for (a) the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, (b) the Issuer's use of the proceeds from
the Notes or (c) any statement of the Issuer in this Indenture or in the Notes, other than the Indenture Trustee's certificate of authentication,
or any statement of the Issuer, the Depositor or the Servicer in any prospectus or offering document used for the offering or sale of
the Notes.

Section
6.5.Notice of Defaults. Within 90 days after a Responsible
Person of the Indenture Trustee has knowledge of, or actually receives notice of, a Default under this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee
will mail as described in Section 313(c) of the TIA to each Noteholder, notice of the Default, unless the Default has been corrected or
waived. However, (a) 

30

except for a Default in the payment of principal of or interest on a Note, the Indenture Trustee may withhold
the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Persons in good faith determines that the withholding of the notice is in
the interests of the Noteholders and (b) for a Default stated in Section 5.1(a)(iii), the Indenture Trustee will not notify the Noteholders
until at least 30 days after a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee has knowledge of, or actually receives notice of, the Default.

Section
6.6.Reports by Indenture Trustee. 

(a)Tax Information. Starting in the year after the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will deliver or cause to be delivered
to each Person who at any time during the prior calendar year was a Noteholder of record, a statement containing the information required
to be given to a noteholder by an issuer of indebtedness, in the form and at the time required under the Code.

(b)Monthly Investor Report. On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will deliver the Monthly Investor Report to each Noteholder
of record as of the most recent Record Date (which delivery may be made by e-mail to the e-mail addresses in the Note Register without
need for confirmation of receipt or by making the report available to the Noteholders through the Indenture Trustee's website, which initially
is located at https://pivot.usbank.com).

(c)Annual Certificate of Compliance. If required by Regulation AB and requested by the Depositor or the Servicer, the Indenture
Trustee will deliver to the Administrator, the Issuer and the Servicer on or before March 1 of each year, starting in the year after the
Closing Date, an Officer's Certificate signed by a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee (i) stating that (A) a review of the Indenture
Trustee's activities during the prior year and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under the Responsible Person's supervision
and (B) to the Responsible Person's knowledge, based on the review, the Indenture Trustee has fulfilled in all material respects its obligations
under this Indenture throughout the prior year, or, if there has been a failure to fulfill the obligation in a material respect, stating
the failure known to the Responsible Person and the nature and status of the failure and (ii) certifying to matters related to the Indenture
Trustee as required under Form 10-K under the Exchange Act.

(d)Annual Assessment of Compliance. The Indenture Trustee will:

(i)deliver to the Administrator, the Issuer and the Servicer, a report on its assessment of compliance with the minimum servicing
criteria described in Items 1122(d)(2)(i), (2)(ii), (2)(iv), (2)(v), (3)(ii) (for payments only) and (3)(iv) of Regulation AB (the "Applicable
Servicing Criteria") during the prior year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance identified by the
Indenture Trustee, as required by Rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB; and

(ii)cause a firm of registered public accountants to deliver to the Administrator, the Issuer and the Servicer an attestation report
on the assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria for the prior year that (A) satisfies the requirements of Rule
13a-18 or Rule 15d-18 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (B) complies with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the
Securities Act

31

and (C) indicates that the firm is qualified and independent within the meaning of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the
Securities Act.

The reports will be delivered on or before March
1 of each year, starting in the year after the Closing Date, in a format suitable for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on EDGAR.

Section
6.7.Compensation and Indemnity.

(a)Fees. The Issuer will pay the Indenture Trustee as compensation for performing its obligations under this Indenture a fee
separately agreed by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee's compensation will not be limited by law on compensation
of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer will reimburse the Indenture Trustee for its reasonable expenses in performing its obligations
under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents, including costs of collection and the reasonable compensation and expenses of
the Indenture Trustee's agents, counsel, accountants and experts, but excluding expenses resulting from the Indenture Trustee's willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence.

(b)Indemnification. The Issuer will indemnify the Indenture Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents (each,
an "Indemnified Person"), for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the administration of
and the performance of its obligations under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents (including the fees and expenses of defending
itself against any loss, damage or liability and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any proceedings brought by the Indemnified
Person to enforce the Issuer's indemnification obligations), but excluding any fee, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from
(i) the Indenture Trustee's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) the Indenture Trustee's breach of its representations
or warranties in this Indenture.

(c)Proceedings. If an Indemnified Person receives notice of the start of a proceeding against it, the Indemnified Person will,
if a claim under the proceeding will be made under this Section 6.7, promptly notify the Issuer of the proceeding. The Issuer may participate
in and assume the defense and settlement of the proceeding at its expense. If the Issuer notifies the Indemnified Person of its intention
to assume the defense of the proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, and so long as the Issuer assumes
the defense of the proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, the Issuer will not be liable for legal expenses
of counsel to the Indemnified Person unless there is a conflict between the interests of the Issuer and the Indemnified Person. If there
is a conflict, the Issuer will pay for the separate counsel to the Indemnified Person. No settlement of the proceeding may be made without
the approval of the Issuer and the Indemnified Person, which approvals will not be unreasonably withheld.

(d)Survival of Obligations. The Issuer's obligations to the Indenture Trustee under this Section 6.7 will survive the resignation
or removal of the Indenture Trustee and the discharge of this Indenture. Expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee after the occurrence
of a Default stated in Section 5.1(a)(iv) are intended to be expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or another applicable
federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

32

(e)Repayment. If the Issuer makes a payment to an Indemnified Person under Section 6.7(b) and the Indemnified Person later
collects from others any amounts for which the payment was made, the Indemnified Person will promptly repay those amounts to the Issuer
for distribution according to the priority of payments under Section 8.2 on the related Payment Date.

(f)Funds for Payment. Payments required to be made by the Issuer under this Section 6.7 will be made solely from funds used
to make payments under this Indenture.

Section
6.8.Resignation or Removal of Indenture Trustee.

(a)Resignation. The Indenture Trustee may resign by notifying the Issuer and the Administrator at least 30 days in advance.

(b)Removal by Controlling Class. The Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class may, without cause,
remove the Indenture Trustee and terminate its rights and obligations under this Indenture by notifying the Indenture Trustee and the
Issuer at least 30 days in advance.

(c)Removal by Issuer. The Issuer must remove the Indenture Trustee and terminate its rights and obligations under this Indenture
if:

(i)the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with the eligibility requirements in Section 6.11(a);

(ii)the Indenture Trustee becomes legally unable to act or incapable of acting as Indenture Trustee; or

(iii)an Insolvency Event for the Indenture Trustee occurs.

(d)Appointment of Successor. If the Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Indenture
Trustee, the Issuer or the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class must appoint a successor Indenture Trustee
promptly. If a successor Indenture Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed, the
Indenture Trustee, the Issuer or the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class may petition a court of competent
jurisdiction to appoint a successor Indenture Trustee.

(e)Acceptance of Appointment. No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee will become effective until the acceptance
of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee under this Section 6.8. Any successor Indenture Trustee will deliver a written acceptance
of its appointment to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Administrator. The Issuer will continue to pay amounts owed to the predecessor
Indenture Trustee for the period it was Indenture Trustee according to Sections 6.7 and 8.2. The successor Indenture Trustee will notify
the Secured Parties of its succession and the Issuer or Administrator will deliver a copy of the notice to the Rating Agencies.

(f)Transition of Indenture Trustee Obligations. On the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee becoming effective under
Section 6.8(e), all rights, powers and obligations of

33

the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture will become the rights, powers and obligations
of the successor Indenture Trustee. The predecessor Indenture Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Indenture Trustee
to the successor Indenture Trustee. The Depositor will reimburse the Indenture Trustee and any successor Indenture Trustee for expenses
related to the replacement of the Indenture Trustee, if those amounts have not been paid under Section 8.2.

Section
6.9.Merger or Consolidation; Transfer of Assets.

(a)Merger or Consolidation. If the Indenture Trustee merges or consolidates with, or transfers all or substantially all of
its corporate trust business or assets to, any Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person will be the successor Indenture Trustee
so long as that Person is qualified and eligible under Section 6.11(a). The Indenture Trustee will promptly notify the Servicer and the
Issuer of the succession, and the Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies.

(b)Authentication of Notes. If, at the time the successor by merger or consolidation to the Indenture Trustee succeeds to the
trusts created by this Indenture, Notes have been authenticated but not delivered, the successor Indenture Trustee may adopt the certificate
of authentication of a predecessor Indenture Trustee and deliver the Notes so authenticated. If at that time any Notes have not been authenticated,
the successor Indenture Trustee may authenticate the Notes. In each of those cases, the certificates will have the same force and effect
provided in the Notes or in this Indenture as the certificate of the predecessor Indenture Trustee.

Section
6.10.Appointment
of Separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

(a)Appointment. For the purpose of meeting the legal requirement of a jurisdiction in which part of the Collateral may be located,
after notifying the Issuer and the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee may appoint one or more Persons to act as a separate trustee or separate
trustees, or co-trustee or co-trustees, of all or part of the Collateral, and to vest in those Persons, in this capacity and for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, title to all or part of the Collateral, and, subject to this Section 6.10, rights, powers and obligations the
Indenture Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No separate trustee or co-trustee will be required to be eligible as a successor
trustee under Section 6.11(a) and no notice to the Secured Parties of the appointment of a separate trustee or co-trustee will be required
under Section 6.8.

(b)Terms of Appointment. Every separate trustee and co-trustee will be appointed and act subject to the following:

(i)all rights, powers and obligations of the Indenture Trustee will apply to and will be exercised or performed by the Indenture Trustee,
or the Indenture Trustee and the separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that the separate trustee or co-trustee will
not be authorized to act separately without the Indenture Trustee joining in the act), except if under the law of a jurisdiction in which
a particular act or acts are to be performed the Indenture Trustee will be incompetent or unqualified to perform those act or acts, in
which event those acts will be exercised and performed singly by the separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the
Indenture Trustee;

34

(ii)no trustee will be personally liable by reason of an act or omission of another trustee under this Indenture; and

(iii)the Indenture Trustee may accept the resignation of or remove a separate trustee or co-trustee.

(c)Notices. Any notice, request or other writing given to the Indenture Trustee will be deemed to have been given to each appointed
separate trustee and co-trustee, as effectively as if given to each of them.

(d)Rights of Appointee. Every document appointing a separate trustee or co-trustee will refer to this Indenture and the conditions
of this Section 6.10. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, on its acceptance of its appointment will have the rights, powers and obligations
stated in its appointment, subject to this Indenture. The document will be filed with the Indenture Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
will give the Issuer a copy of each document.

(e)Indenture Trustee as Agent. A separate trustee or co-trustee may appoint the Indenture Trustee as its agent or attorney-in-fact
with power and authority, if permitted by law, to do each lawful act under or for this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If a separate
trustee or co-trustee becomes incapable of acting, resigns or is removed, all of its rights, powers and obligations will be exercised
by the Indenture Trustee, if permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.

Section
6.11.Eligibility;
Disqualification.

(a)Eligibility Requirements. The Indenture Trustee must satisfy the requirements of Section 310(a) of the TIA and must comply
with Section 310(b) of the TIA. The Indenture Trustee or its parent must have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as
stated in its most recent annual published report of condition and must have a long-term debt rating of investment grade by each of the
Rating Agencies or must be acceptable to each of the Rating Agencies. Promptly after the Indenture Trustee fails to satisfy the requirements
in this Section 6.11(a), the Indenture Trustee will notify the Issuer and the Servicer of the failure.

(b)Resignation. Within 90 days after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been corrected or waived, unless authorized
by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Indenture Trustee will resign for the Class A, Class B, Class C and/or Class D Notes according
to Section 6.8, and the Issuer will appoint a successor Indenture Trustee for the Class A, Class B, Class C and/or Class D Notes, as applicable,
so that there will be separate Indenture Trustees for the Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D Notes. If the Indenture Trustee fails
to comply with the prior sentence, the Indenture Trustee must comply with TIA Section 310(b)(ii) and (iii).

(c)Successor. If a successor Indenture Trustee is appointed for the Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D Notes under this Section
6.11, the Issuer, the predecessor Indenture Trustee and the successor Indenture Trustee will execute an indenture supplemental to this
Indenture. The supplemental indenture will contain:

(i)the terms on which the successor Indenture Trustee accepts its appointment;

35

(ii)the terms necessary or advisable to transfer and confirm to, the successor Indenture Trustee the rights, powers and obligations
of the Indenture Trustee for the Notes for which the successor Indenture Trustee is appointed;

(iii)if the predecessor Indenture Trustee is not being removed as Indenture Trustee for all of the Notes, the terms necessary or desirable
to confirm that the rights, powers and obligations of the predecessor Indenture Trustee for the Notes for which the predecessor Indenture
Trustee is not being removed continue to be vested in the Indenture Trustee for these Notes; and

(iv)the terms necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one Indenture
Trustee.

(d)Timing. Nothing in this Indenture or in the supplemental indenture will make the Indenture Trustees co-trustees of the same
trust and the Indenture Trustee will be a trustee of a trust or trusts under this Indenture separate and apart from the trust or trusts
under this Indenture administered by another Indenture Trustee. The indenture supplement will become effective on the removal of the predecessor
Indenture Trustee.

Section
6.12.Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Issuer. The Indenture Trustee
will comply with Section 311(a) of the TIA, excluding each creditor relationship listed in Section 311(b) of the TIA. An Indenture Trustee
who has resigned or been removed will be subject to Section 311(c) of the TIA.

Section
6.13.Review of
Indenture Trustee's Records. The Indenture Trustee agrees
that, with reasonable prior notice, it will permit authorized representatives of the Issuer, the Servicer or the Administrator, during
the Indenture Trustee's normal business hours, to have access to and review the facilities, processes, books of account, records, reports
and other documents and materials of the Indenture Trustee relating to (a) the performance of the Indenture Trustee's obligations under
this Indenture, (b) the payments of fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee for its performance and (c) any claim made by the Indenture
Trustee under this Indenture. In addition, the Indenture Trustee will permit those representatives to make copies and extracts of the
books and records and to discuss them with the Indenture Trustee's officers and employees. Any access and review will be subject to the
Indenture Trustee's confidentiality and privacy policies. The Indenture Trustee will maintain all relevant books, records, reports and
other documents and materials for a period of two years after the termination of its obligations under this Indenture.

Section
6.14.Indenture
Trustee's Representations and Warranties. The Indenture
Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Indenture Trustee is duly organized and, validly existing as a national banking association
under the laws of the United States. The Indenture Trustee has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which
the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the
failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals would

36

not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Indenture Trustee's ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Indenture Trustee has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The Indenture Trustee has authorized the execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party is the legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Indenture Trustee enforceable against the Indenture Trustee, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy,
reorganization or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
and the performance of its obligations under such documents, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Indenture Trustee is a debtor or guarantor, (ii)
result in the creation or imposition of a Lien on the Indenture Trustee's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document, (iii) violate the Indenture Trustee's organizational documents or by-laws
or (iv) violate a law or, to the Indenture Trustee's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body,
administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Indenture Trustee or its properties that applies
to the Indenture Trustee, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Indenture Trustee's
ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Indenture Trustee's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in
writing before any federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over the Indenture Trustee or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (ii) seeking
to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party or (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Indenture
Trustee's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(e)Eligibility. The Indenture Trustee satisfies the requirements of Section 310(a) of the TIA. The Indenture Trustee or its
parent has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as stated in its most recent annual published report of condition.

(f)Information Given by the Indenture Trustee. The information given by the Indenture Trustee in any certificate delivered
by a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee is true and correct in all material respects.

Section
6.15.Obligation
to Update Disclosure. The Indenture Trustee will
notify and provide information, and certify that information in an Officer's Certificate, to the Depositor on the occurrence of any event
or condition relating to the Indenture Trustee or actions taken by the

37

Indenture Trustee that (a) may be required to be disclosed by the
Depositor under Item 2 (the institution of, material developments in, or termination of legal proceedings against U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association that are material to the Noteholders) of Form 10-D under the Exchange Act within five days of a Responsible Person
of the Indenture Trustee becoming aware of such proceeding, (b) the Depositor reasonably requests of the Indenture Trustee that the Depositor,
believes is necessary to comply with Regulation AB within five days of the request, (c) is required to be disclosed under Item 5 (submission
of matters to a vote of the Noteholders) of Form 10-D under the Exchange Act within five days of a Responsible Person of the Indenture
Trustee becoming aware of the submission, (d) is required to be disclosed under Item 6.02 (resignation, removal, replacement or substitution
of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Indenture Trustee) or Item 6.04 (failure to make a distribution when required) of
Form 8-K under the Exchange Act within two days of a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee becoming aware of the occurrence or (e) causes
the information given by the Indenture Trustee in any certificate delivered by a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee to be untrue
or incorrect in any material respect or is necessary to make the statements given by the Indenture Trustee in light of the circumstances
in which they were made not misleading within five days of a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee becoming aware of the event or
condition.

Section
6.16.Reporting
of Reallocations of Leases and Leased Vehicles. The Indenture
Trustee will (a) notify the Sponsor, the Depositor and the Servicer, as soon as practicable and within five Business Days, of demands
or requests received by a Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee for the removal of a Lease and related Leased Vehicle from the 2025-A
Reference Pool and reallocation of the Lease and Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool under Section 3.3 of the Exchange Note
Sale Agreement, (b) promptly on request by the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer, provide to them other information reasonably requested
to facilitate compliance by them with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, and Items 1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB and (c) if requested
by the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer, provide a written certification no later than 15 days following the end of any quarter
or year that the Indenture Trustee has not received any repurchase demands or requests for that period, or if repurchase demands or requests
have been received during that period, that the Indenture Trustee has provided all the information reasonably requested under clause (b)
above. The Indenture Trustee and the Issuer will not have responsibility or liability for a filing required to be made by a securitizer
under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB.

ARTICLE
VII

NOTEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS AND REPORTS

Section
7.1.Noteholder Communications. 

(a)Noteholder List. If the Indenture Trustee is not the Note Registrar, the Issuer will furnish a list of the names and addresses
of the Noteholders of any Definitive Notes to the Indenture Trustee (a) not more than five days after each Record Date, as of that Record
Date and (b) not more than 30 days after receipt by the Issuer of a request from the Indenture Trustee, as of a date not more than ten
days before the time the list is furnished. If the Indenture Trustee is the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee, on the request of the
Owner Trustee, will furnish within ten days to the Owner Trustee a list of Noteholders of any Book-Entry Notes as of the date stated by
the Owner Trustee.

38

(b)Noteholder List Retention. The Indenture Trustee will maintain a current list of the names and addresses of the Noteholders
based on the most recent list furnished to the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.1(a) and the names and addresses of the Noteholders received
by the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar.

(c)TIA Communication. A Noteholder may communicate under Section 312(b) of the TIA with other Noteholders about their rights
under this Indenture or under the Notes. The Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Note Registrar will have the protection of Section
312(c) of the TIA.

(d)Noteholder Communications with Indenture Trustee. A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note
Owner (if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may communicate with the Indenture Trustee and give notices and make requests
and demands and give directions to the Indenture Trustee through the procedures of the Clearing Agency and by notifying the Indenture
Trustee. Any Note Owner must provide a written certification stating that the Note Owner is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with
supporting documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership or another
similar document evidencing ownership of a Note. The Indenture Trustee will not be required to take action in response to requests, demands
or directions of a Noteholder or a Note Owner, other than requests, demands or directions relating to an asset representations review
demand under Section 7.2, unless the Noteholder or Note Owner has offered reasonable security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee to protect it against the fees and expenses that it may incur in complying with the request, demand or direction.

(e)Communications between Noteholders. A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if
the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) that seeks to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a
possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents may send a request to the Issuer or the Servicer,
on behalf of the Issuer, to include information regarding the communication in a Form 10-D to be filed by the Issuer with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Each request must include (i) the name of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner, (ii) the method by which other
Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may contact the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner and (iii) in the case of a Note Owner,
a certification from that Person that it is a Note Owner, together with at least one form of documentation evidencing its ownership of
a Note, including a trade confirmation, account statement, letter from a broker or dealer or similar document. A Noteholder or Note Owner,
as applicable, that delivers a request under this Section 7.1(e) will be deemed to have certified to the Issuer and the Servicer that
its request to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, relates solely to a possible exercise of rights under
this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents, and will not be used for other purposes. The Issuer will promptly deliver any request
to the Servicer. On receipt of a request, the Servicer will include in the Form 10-D filed by the Issuer with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the Collection Period in which the request was received (A) a statement that the Issuer has received a request from a Noteholder
or Note Owner, as applicable, that is interested in communicating with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a possible
exercise of rights under this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents, (B) the name of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner, (C)
the date

39

the request was received and (D) a description of the method by which the other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may
contact the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner.

Section
7.2.Noteholder Demand for Asset Representations Review.
If a Delinquency Trigger occurs, as reported on Form 10-D, a Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner
(if the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may make a demand on the Indenture Trustee to cause a vote of the Noteholders or Note
Owners, as applicable, about whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct a Review of the Review Leases under the Asset
Representations Review Agreement. In the case of a Note Owner, each demand must be accompanied by a certification from that Person that
it is a Note Owner, together with at least one form of documentation evidencing its ownership of a Note, including a trade confirmation,
account statement, letter from a broker or dealer or similar document. If the Noteholders or Note Owners of at least 5% of the aggregate
Note Balance of the Notes demand a vote within 90 days of the filing of the Form 10-D reporting the occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger,
the Indenture Trustee will promptly request a vote of the Noteholders or Note Owners of record as of the most recent Record Date and,
in the case of Note Owners, through the Clearing Agency process. The vote will remain open until the 150th day after the filing of the
Form 10-D. Assuming a voting quorum of the Noteholders or Note Owners holding at least 5% of the aggregate Note Balance of the Notes is
reached, if the Noteholders or Note Owners of a majority of the Note Balance of Notes vote to direct a Review, the Indenture Trustee will
promptly send a Review Notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer under the Asset Representations Review Agreement
stating that the Noteholders or Note Owners have voted to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct the Review.

Section
7.3.Reports by Issuer.

(a)SEC Filings. The Issuer will, or will cause the Administrator or the Servicer to:

(i)prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (A) the annual reports and the information, documents and other reports
(or copies or parts the Securities and Exchange Commission may prescribe) that the Issuer is required to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including annual reports on Form 10-K and monthly distribution reports
on Form 10-D, and (B) additional information, documents and reports about compliance by the Issuer with this Indenture required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission;

(ii)deliver to the Indenture Trustee, within 15 days after the Issuer is required to file the same with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, copies of the annual reports and the information, documents or other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under Section 7.3(a)(i); and

(iii)deliver to the Indenture Trustee the information, documents and reports (or summaries) required to be filed by the Issuer under
Sections 7.3(a)(i) and (ii) as may be required by rules and regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

40

(b)Documents and Reports to Noteholders. The Indenture Trustee will mail to all Noteholders, as described in Section 313(c)
of the TIA, the information, documents and reports (or summaries of such items) supplied to the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.3(a).

(c)Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Issuer will be the calendar year.

Section
7.4.Reports by Indenture Trustee.

(a)Annual Report. Within 90 days after each April 15, starting in the year after the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will
prepare and mail to each Noteholder a report dated as of April 15 of the applicable year that complies with Section 313(a) of the TIA,
if the report is required under Section 313(a) of the TIA. The Indenture Trustee will also prepare and mail to the Noteholders any report
required under Section 313(b) of the TIA. A report mailed to the Noteholders under this Section 7.4(a) will be mailed according to Section
313(c) of the TIA.

(b)Filing. The Indenture Trustee will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of each report delivered under
Section 7.4(a) at the time of its mailing to the Noteholders.

ARTICLE
VIII

ACCOUNTS, DISTRIBUTIONS AND RELEASES

Section
8.1.Collection of Funds. Except as permitted under
this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and will receive and collect, directly the funds and other property
payable to or to be received by the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture, the Exchange Note Supplement and the Servicing Supplement.
The Indenture Trustee will apply the funds and other property received by it, and will make deposits to, and distributions from, the Bank
Accounts, under this Indenture, the Exchange Note Supplement and the Servicing Supplement. 

Section
8.2.Bank Accounts; Distributions.

(a)Establishment. On and after the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will maintain the Bank Accounts established by the Servicer
under Section 4.1 of the Servicing Supplement.

(b)Distributions from Collection Account. Subject to Section 8.2(d), on each Payment Date the Indenture Trustee will (based
on the information in the most recent Monthly Investor Report) withdraw from the Collection Account and make deposits and payments, to
the extent of Available Funds in the Collection Account for that Payment Date, in the following order of priority (pro rata within each
priority level based on the amounts due except as otherwise stated):

(i)first, to the payment of amounts, including indemnities, then due to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware
Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer and, to or at the direction of the Issuer, any expenses of the Issuer incurred under the
Transaction Documents, in each case, if not paid by the Depositor or the Administrator, up to a maximum of $250,000 per year;

41

(ii)second, to the Servicer, all unpaid Administration Fees;

(iii)third, to the Noteholders of Class A Notes, the aggregate Accrued Note Interest for the Class A Notes, pro rata based on
the Note Balances of the Class A Notes on the prior Payment Date (after giving effect to payments on that date);

(iv)fourth, for allocation as principal under Section 8.2(c), the First Priority Principal Payment;

(v)fifth, to the Noteholders of Class B Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class B Notes;

(vi)sixth, for allocation as principal under Section 8.2(c), the Second Priority Principal Payment;

(vii)seventh, to the Noteholders of Class C Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class C Notes;

(viii)eighth, for allocation as principal under Section 8.2(c), the Third Priority Principal Payment;

(ix)ninth, to the Noteholders of Class D Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class D Notes;

(x)tenth, to the Reserve Account, the amount required to bring the amount in the Reserve Account up to the Required Reserve
Amount after taking into account each deposit made to the Reserve Account on that Payment Date under Section 5.1(a)(iv) of the Exchange
Note Supplement;

(xi)eleventh, for allocation as principal under Section 8.2(c), the Regular Principal Payment;

(xii)twelfth, to the payment of all amounts due to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Asset
Representations Reviewer and, to or at the direction of the Issuer, any expenses of the Issuer, in each case, if not paid by the Depositor
or Administrator or under Section 8.2(b)(i) on that Payment Date; and

(xiii)thirteenth, to the holder of the Residual Interest, any remaining amounts.

(c)Distributions of Principal. On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will (based on the information in the most recent
Monthly Investor Report) pay any amounts allocated to principal under Section 8.2(b) in the following order of priority, in each case,
applied pro rata according to the Note Balance of the Notes of that Class:

(i)first, to the Noteholders of Class A-1 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-1 Notes has
been reduced to zero;

42

(ii)second, to the Noteholders of Class A-2a and Class A-2b Notes, pro rata based on the respective Note Balances, in payment
of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-2a and Class A-2b Notes has been reduced to zero;

(iii)third, to the Noteholders of Class A-3 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-3 Notes has
been reduced to zero;

(iv)fourth, to the Noteholders of Class A-4 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-4 Notes has
been reduced to zero;

(v)fifth, to the Noteholders of Class B Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class B Notes has been
reduced to zero;

(vi)sixth, to the Noteholders of Class C Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class C Notes has been
reduced to zero;

(vii)seventh, to the Noteholders of Class D Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class D Notes has been
reduced to zero; and

(viii)eighth, to the holder of the Residual Interest, any remaining amounts.

(d)Distributions Following Acceleration. If the Notes are accelerated after an Event of Default, on each Payment Date starting
with the Payment Date relating to the Collection Period in which the Notes are accelerated, the Indenture Trustee will (based on the information
in the most recent Monthly Investor Report) withdraw from the Bank Accounts and make deposits and payments, to the extent of funds in
the Bank Accounts for the related Collection Period, in the following order of priority (pro rata within each priority level based on
the amounts due except as stated):

(i)first, to the payment of amounts, including indemnities, due to the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee
and the Asset Representations Reviewer and, to or at the direction of the Issuer, any expenses of the Issuer incurred under the Transaction
Documents;

(ii)second, to the Servicer, all unpaid Administration Fees;

(iii)third, to the Noteholders of Class A Notes, the aggregate Accrued Note Interest for the Class A Notes, pro rata based on
the Note Balances of the Class A Notes on the prior Payment Date (after giving effect to payments on that date);

(iv)fourth, to the Noteholders of Class A-1 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-1 Notes is
reduced to zero;

(v)fifth, to the Noteholders of Class A-2a and Class A-2b Notes, pro rata based on the respective Note Balances, in payment
of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-2a and Class A-2b Notes is reduced to zero;

43

(vi)sixth, to the Noteholders of Class A-3 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-3 Notes is reduced
to zero;

(vii)seventh, to the Noteholders of Class A-4 Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class A-4 Notes is
reduced to zero;

(viii)eighth, to the Noteholders of Class B Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class B Notes;

(ix)ninth, to the Noteholders of Class B Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class B Notes is reduced
to zero;

(x)tenth, to the Noteholders of Class C Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class C Notes;

(xi)eleventh, to the Noteholders of Class C Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class C Notes is reduced
to zero;

(xii)twelfth, to the Noteholders of Class D Notes, the Accrued Note Interest for the Class D Notes;

(xiii)thirteenth, to the Noteholders of Class D Notes, in payment of principal until the Note Balance of the Class D Notes is
reduced to zero; and

(xiv)fourteenth, to the holder of the Residual Interest, any remaining amounts.

(e)Subordination Agreement. Each of (i) the subordination of interest payments to the Noteholders of the Class B Notes to the
payment of any First Priority Principal Payment to the Noteholders of the Class A Notes, (ii) the subordination of interest payments to
the Noteholders of the Class C Notes to the payment of any Second Priority Principal Payment to the Noteholders of the Class A Notes and
the Class B Notes and (iii) the subordination of interest payments to the Noteholders of the Class D Notes to the payment of any Third
Priority Principal Payment to the Noteholders of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes under Section 8.2(b) is a
subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section
8.3.Bank Accounts.

(a)Limited Liability for Permitted Investments. Subject to Section 6.1(c), the Indenture Trustee will not be liable for any
insufficiency in Bank Accounts resulting from a loss on a Permitted Investment, except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustee's
failure to make payments on the Permitted Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor
and not as trustee. The Indenture Trustee is not obligated to monitor the activities of any Qualified Institution (unless the Qualified
Institution is also the Indenture Trustee) and will not be liable for the actions or inactions of any Qualified Institution (unless the
Qualified Institution is also the Indenture Trustee).

44

(b)Notice to Qualified Institution. A Responsible Person of the Indenture Trustee will notify the Qualified Institution maintaining
the Bank Accounts (if not the Indenture Trustee) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Section
8.4.Release of Collateral.

(a)Release of Property. The Indenture Trustee may, and when required by this Indenture will, release Collateral from the Lien
of this Indenture, in each case, according to this Indenture. Except under Sections 8.4(c), 8.4(d) and 10.1(c), the Indenture Trustee
will release Collateral from the Lien of this Indenture only on receipt of an Issuer Request and an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion
of Counsel and (if required by the TIA) Independent Certificates according to Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1) of the TIA meeting the requirements
of Section 11.4.

(b)Limited Security Interest. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee intend that the property in which a Lien is Granted under
this Indenture will be limited to the 2025-A Exchange Note and the other Collateral as stated in the "Granting Clause" of this
Indenture, and the Lien will not include direct rights in the Leases or Leased Vehicles or proceeds of the Leases or Leased Vehicles (other
than for proceeds of the 2025-A Exchange Note) or other property of the Titling Companies.

(c)Deemed Release. The Indenture Trustee will be deemed to release, and does release, and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by
its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledges that the Indenture Trustee will release Liens and other rights
and interests it possesses, without further action of the parties, in, to and under:

(i)each Lease and Leased Vehicle and all proceeds of the Lease and Leased Vehicle reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool under
Section 3.4(c) of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, Section 3.3(c) of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement or Section 3.3(f) of the Servicing
Supplement, effective when the Lease and Leased Vehicle is deemed reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool under the applicable Section;

(ii)each Lease and Leased Vehicle (but not the proceeds of the sale or disposition of the Lease and Leased Vehicle) sold by the related
Titling Company under Section 4.2 of the Servicing Agreement, effective when the Lease and Leased Vehicle is deemed sold and assigned
by the Titling Company under that Section; and

(iii)each Leased Vehicle (and the proceeds of the sale or disposition of the Leased Vehicle released according to Section 3.3(b) of
the Credit and Security Agreement and Section 4.2(d) of the Servicing Agreement) sold by the Servicer under Section 4.2 of the Servicing
Agreement, effective when the Leased Vehicle is deemed sold and assigned by the related Titling Company under that Section.

(d)Release of Funds. When there are no Notes Outstanding and all amounts due from the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee have
been paid in full under Section 6.7 or 10.1, the Indenture Trustee will release the Collateral from the Lien of this Indenture and release
to the Issuer or any other Person entitled to those funds under this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents, the funds then in the
Bank Accounts under this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee will release Collateral from the Lien of this Indenture under this Section 8.4(d)
only on receipt of

45

an Issuer Request and an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel meeting the requirements of Section 11.4.

(e)Termination Statements. On receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
meeting the requirements of Section 11.4, the Indenture Trustee will execute termination statements and other documents to release Collateral
as permitted by this Section 8.4 and Section 10.1. No party relying on a document or authorization executed by the Indenture Trustee under
this Article VIII is required to determine the Indenture Trustee's authority, inquire into the satisfaction of conditions precedent or
require evidence of the application of funds.

ARTICLE
IX

AMENDMENTS

Section
9.1.Amendments Without Consent of Noteholders.

(a)General Amendments. Without the consent of the Noteholders but after notifying the Rating Agencies, the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee may, and when directed by Issuer Order will, amend this Indenture:

(i)to correct or expand the description of property subject to the Lien of this Indenture, or better to assure, convey and confirm
to the Indenture Trustee property subject or required to be subjected to the Lien of this Indenture, or to subject additional property
to the Lien of this Indenture;

(ii)to evidence the succession of any other Person to the Issuer, and the assumption by the successor of the obligations of the Issuer
in this Indenture and in the Notes;

(iii)to add to the obligations of the Issuer, for the benefit of the Noteholders, or to surrender a right or power given to the Issuer
in this Indenture;

(iv)to transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge property to or with the Indenture Trustee;

(v)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement a term in this Indenture inconsistent with another term in this
Indenture or applicable law or to add terms which are not inconsistent with the other terms of this Indenture if the action does not have
a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders;

(vi)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement a term in this Indenture inconsistent with another term in any
prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(vii)to evidence the acceptance of the appointment under this Indenture of a successor trustee and to add to or change this Indenture
necessary for the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one trustee; or

46

(viii)to modify, eliminate or add to the terms of this Indenture to effect the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA and to add
to this Indenture other terms required by the TIA.

(b)Amendments without Material Adverse Effect. Without the consent of the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee
may, and when directed by Issuer Order will, amend this Indenture to add terms to, to change or eliminate the terms of, or to amend (other
than the amendments in Section 9.2) the rights of the Noteholders under, this Indenture, if:

(i)the Issuer or the Administrator delivers, to the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that the amendment will not
have a material adverse effect on the Notes;

(ii)the Issuer delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment will not (A) cause a Note to be considered
sold or exchanged for purposes of Section 1001 of the Code, (B) cause the Issuer or a Titling Company to be treated as an association
or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) adversely affect the treatment of
the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

(iii)the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied.

Section
9.2.Amendments with Consent of Controlling Class.

(a)Amendments. With the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class and after notifying
the Rating Agencies, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee may, and when directed by Issuer Order will, amend this Indenture to add terms
to, to change or eliminate the terms of, or to modify the rights of the Noteholders under, this Indenture if the Issuer delivers an Opinion
of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment will not (i) cause any Note to be considered sold or exchanged for purposes
of Section 1001 of the Code, (ii) cause the Issuer or a Titling Company to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (iii) adversely affect the treatment of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. However, no amendment, without the consent of each Noteholder of each Outstanding Note adversely affected by the
amendment, will:

(A)change Section 9.1 or this Section 9.2;

(B)change (1) the Final Scheduled Payment Date or the date of payment of any installment of principal of or interest on a Note, (2)
the principal amount of or interest rate on a Note, (3) the price at which the Notes may be redeemed, (4) the priority of payments on
the Notes or relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Collateral to payment of principal of
or interest on the Notes, or change the place of payment where, or the currency in which, a Note or the interest on a Note is payable
or (5) the right of the Noteholders to start proceedings to enforce this Indenture;

(C)change the percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes or the Controlling Class required for any action;

47

(D)change the definition of "Outstanding" or "Controlling Class";

(E)change the calculation of the amount of a payment of principal or interest on a Note on a Payment Date; or

(F)permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior or equal to the Lien of this Indenture on the Collateral, other than Permitted Liens,
or, except as permitted by this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents, release the Lien of this Indenture on the Collateral.

(b)Noteholder Consent. For any amendment to this Indenture or any other Transaction Document requiring the consent of the Noteholders,
the Indenture Trustee will, when directed by Issuer Order, notify the Noteholders to request consent and follow its reasonable procedures
to obtain consent.

Section
9.3.Execution of Amendments. 

(a)Form; Authorization; Reliance. Each amendment will be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture
Trustee is authorized to execute the amendment and any other agreements required by the amendment. For any amendment, the Issuer will
deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that the amendment is permitted by this Indenture
and that all conditions to the amendment have been satisfied.

(b)Indenture Trustee Not Obligated. The Indenture Trustee is not obligated to, enter into an amendment that adversely affects
the Indenture Trustee's rights, powers, obligations, or liabilities under this Indenture.

(c)Indenture Supplement not an Amendment. An indenture supplement entered into under Section 6.11(c) will not be considered
an amendment to this Indenture for purposes of this Article IX.

Section
9.4.Effect of Amendment. On the execution of an amendment
under this Article IX, this Indenture will be amended by the amendment, and the amendment will be part of this Indenture for all purposes.
Every Noteholder of Notes authenticated and delivered before or after the amendment will be bound by the amendment.

Section
9.5.Conformity with TIA. Each amendment of this Indenture
executed under this Article IX will conform to the requirements of the TIA as then in effect so long as this Indenture is qualified under
the TIA.

Section
9.6.Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures.
Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of an amendment under this Article IX may, and if required by the Indenture Trustee
will, bear a notation about the amendment. New Notes modified to conform to an amendment may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and
authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for the Outstanding Notes.

48

ARTICLE
X

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

Section
10.1.Redemption.

(a)Optional Redemption. The Notes may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at the direction of the Servicer on any Payment
Date on which the Servicer exercises its option to purchase the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section 6.1 of the Servicing Supplement. If
the Notes are to be redeemed under this Section 10.1, the Servicer or the Issuer will notify the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies
at least ten days before the Redemption Date. After the Servicer or the Issuer notifies the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee will
promptly notify the Noteholders:

(i)of the Redemption Date;

(ii)of the Note Redemption Price;

(iii)of the outstanding Note Balance of each Class of the Notes to be redeemed and that the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest on
the Notes to the Redemption Date will be paid in full;

(iv)of the place to surrender the Notes for final payment (which will be the office or agency of the Issuer maintained under Section
3.2); and

(v)that on the Redemption Date, the outstanding Note Balance of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will become
due and payable and that interest on the Notes will cease to accrue from and after the Redemption Date, unless the Issuer fails to pay
the Notes on the Redemption Date.

(b)Deposit of Note Redemption Price. The Issuer will cause the Servicer to deposit on the Business Day before the Redemption
Date (or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on the Redemption Date) in the Exchange Note Collection Account the amount
required under Section 6.1 of the Servicing Supplement, and the Notes will be paid in full on the Redemption Date.

(c)Release of Funds. On the Redemption Date, the outstanding Note Balance of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest on
the Notes will become due and payable and that interest on the Notes will cease to accrue from and after the Redemption Date, unless the
Issuer fails to pay the Notes on the Redemption Date. On redemption, the Indenture Trustee will release the Collateral from the Lien of
this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any other Person entitled to funds then in the Bank Accounts under this Indenture according
to Section 8.4(c).

ARTICLE
XI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
11.1.No Petition.
The Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, agrees that, before the
date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all 

49

Secured
Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which
the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing
against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 11.1 will survive
the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture and the termination of this Indenture.

Section
11.2.Limited
Recourse; Subordination of Claims Against Titling Companies.

(a)Limited Recourse; Subordination Agreement. The Titling Companies' obligations under the 2025-A Exchange Note are secured
solely by the Borrower Collateral, and a claim under this Indenture or a Note issued under this Indenture against a Titling Company will
be limited in recourse to the 2025-A Reference Pool and the other Borrower Collateral available for payment on the 2025-A Exchange Note
under the Exchange Note Supplement. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder and Note Owner, by accepting
a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledge and agree that they have no right, title or interest in or to any other assets
of the Titling Companies, including assets allocated to Specified Interests other than the Collateral Specified Interest or the EV Specified
Interest ("Other Borrower Assets"). If the Indenture Trustee, a Noteholder, a Note Owner or another Person having a claim
under this Indenture either (i) asserts an interest in, claim to or benefit from, Other Borrower Assets or (ii) is deemed to have an interest
in, claim to or benefit from Other Borrower Assets, whether by operation of law, legal process, under insolvency laws or otherwise (including
under Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code), then the Indenture Trustee, each Noteholder and each Note Owner further acknowledges and
agrees that the interest, claim or benefit in, to or from the Other Borrower Assets is subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full
of the other obligations and liabilities of the Titling Companies ("Other Borrower Liabilities"), which, under the relevant
documents relating to the securitization, conveyance or other financing or disposition of those Other Borrower Assets, are entitled to
be paid from, entitled to the benefits of or secured by those Other Borrower Assets (whether or not the entitlement or security interest
is legally perfected or entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws, and whether
or not asserted against the Titling Companies), in each case, including the payment of post-petition interest on those other obligations
and liabilities. This Section 11.2(a) is a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Indenture
Trustee, each Noteholder and each Note Owner further acknowledge and agree that no adequate remedy at law exists for a breach of this
Section 11.2 and this Section 11.2 may be enforced by an action for specific performance.

(b)Election under Bankruptcy Code. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder and Note Owner,
by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, irrevocably makes the election provided to secured creditors by Section 1111(b)(1)(A)(i)
of the Bankruptcy Code to receive the treatment provided by Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code for a secured claim that Person
may have against Other Borrower Assets (including a Specified Interest of a Titling Company other than the Collateral Specified Interest
or the EV Specified Interest).

50

(c)Third Party Benefit. This Section 11.2 is for the third party benefit of the holders, pledgees or other beneficiaries of
Other Borrower Liabilities and will survive the termination of this Indenture.

Section
11.3.Limited
Recourse; Subordination of Claims Against Depositor. The
Issuer's obligations under this Indenture are solely the Issuer's obligations and do not represent an obligation or interest in the assets
of the Depositor other than the Sold Property conveyed to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement. The Indenture Trustee, by
entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder and Note Owner, by accepting a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledge
and agree that they have no right, title or interest in or to Other Assets of the Depositor. If the Indenture Trustee, Noteholder or Note
Owner either (i) asserts an interest in, claim to or benefit from, the Other Assets or (ii) is deemed to have an interest in, claim to
or benefit from the Other Assets, whether by operation of law, legal process, under insolvency laws or otherwise (including under Section
1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code), then the Indenture Trustee, Noteholder or Note Owner further acknowledges and agrees that the interest,
claim or benefit in, to or from the Other Assets is expressly subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full of the other obligations
and liabilities, which, under the relevant documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of those Other Assets, are entitled
to be paid from, entitled to the benefits of, or secured by, those Other Assets (whether or not the entitlement or security interest is
legally perfected or entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws, and whether
or not asserted against the Depositor), including the payment of post-petition interest on those other obligations and liabilities. This
Section 11.3 is a subordination agreement within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Indenture Trustee, each Noteholder
and each Note Owner further acknowledge and agree that no adequate remedy at law exists for a breach of this Section 11.3 and it may be
enforced by an action for specific performance. This Section 11.3 is for the third-party benefit of the Depositor and any Person with
an interest in the Other Assets and will survive the termination of this Indenture.

Section
11.4.Issuer Orders;
Certificates and Opinions

(a)Issuer Order or Issuer Request. For an order or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take an action under this
Indenture or any other Transaction Document, the Issuer will deliver the following documents to the Indenture Trustee: (i) a written order
(an "Issuer Order") or a written request (an "Issuer Request"), signed in the name of the Issuer by
a Responsible Person and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, (ii) an Officer's Certificate stating that all conditions in this Indenture
or other Transaction Document for the proposed action have been satisfied, (iii) if required by the TIA or on the request of the Indenture
Trustee, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the conditions have been satisfied and (iv) if required by the TIA, an Independent Certificate
from a firm of certified public accountants of national reputation selected by the Issuer. However, no certificates or opinions are required
to be delivered if this Indenture requires the furnishing of specific documents for the action to be taken.

(b)Form of Certificates and Opinions.

(i)Each certificate or opinion on compliance with a condition or covenant in this Indenture will include:

51

(A) a statement that each signatory of the certificate or opinion has read the covenant or condition and the definitions in this Indenture
relating to the covenant or condition;

(B) a brief statement about the nature and scope of the examination or investigation on which the statements or opinions in the certificate
or opinion are based;

(C) a statement that, in the opinion of the signatory, the signatory has made an examination or investigation if necessary to enable the
signatory to express an informed opinion on whether or not the covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(D) a statement about whether, in the opinion of the signatory, the condition or covenant has been complied with.

(ii)Any Officer's Certificate of a Responsible Person of the Issuer may be based, for legal matters, on an opinion of counsel, unless
that Responsible Person knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the opinion is erroneous. Any Officer's Certificate
of a Responsible Person of the Issuer or opinion of counsel may be based, for factual matters, on an Officer's Certificate of a Responsible
Person of the Servicer, the Depositor or the Issuer (including by the Administrator on behalf of the Issuer), stating that the information
about those factual matters is in the possession of the Servicer, the Depositor, the Issuer or the Administrator, unless the Responsible
Person of the Issuer or counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the Officer's Certificate is erroneous.

(c)Conditions for Release.

(i)Before depositing property or securities with the Indenture Trustee that is to be made the basis for the release of any Collateral
subject to the Lien of this Indenture, the Issuer will furnish to the Indenture Trustee (A) an Officer's Certificate stating the opinion
of each Responsible Person signing the certificate about the fair value (within 90 days before the deposit) to the Issuer of the property
or securities to be so deposited and (B) an Independent Certificate about the same matters, if the fair value to the Issuer of the securities
to be so deposited and of other securities withdrawn or released since the start of the then-current year, as stated in the certificates
required by clause (A) and this clause (B), is 10% or more of the Note Balance of the Notes Outstanding, except that an Independent Certificate
need not be furnished for property or securities so deposited if the fair value of the property or securities to the Issuer as stated
in the related Officer's Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the Note Balance of the Notes.

(ii)Whenever property or securities are to be released from the Lien of this Indenture, the Issuer will furnish to the Indenture Trustee
(A) an Officer's Certificate stating the opinion of each Responsible Person signing the certificate about the fair value (within 90 days
before the release) of the property or securities to be released and stating that in the opinion of that Responsible Person the proposed
release will not impair the

52

security under this Indenture and (B) an Independent Certificate about the same matters, if the fair value
of the property or securities to be released and of other property, other than property as contemplated by Section 11.4(d), or securities
released from the Lien of this Indenture since the start of the then-current year, as stated in the certificates required by clause (A)
and this clause (B), is 10% or more of the Note Balance of the Notes Outstanding, except that an Independent Certificate need not be furnished
for the release of property or securities if the fair value of the property or securities as stated in the related Officer's Certificate
is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the Note Balance of the Notes.

(d)Ordinary Course of Business. The Issuer may, without furnishing any Officer's Certificates or Independent Certificates under
Section 11.4(c), (i) collect, liquidate, sell or dispose of (or, as Holder of the 2025-A Exchange Note, cause the Titling Companies to
collect, liquidate, sell, remove or dispose of) Leases and Leased Vehicles in the ordinary course of its business, so long as Collections,
Liquidation Proceeds, Recoveries and other proceeds of the dispositions are applied according to this Indenture and (ii) make cash payments
out of the Bank Accounts, in each case, as and if permitted or required by the Transaction Documents.

(e)Exemptive Orders. If the Securities and Exchange Commission issues an exemptive order under Section 304(d) of the TIA modifying
the Indenture Trustee's obligations under Sections 314(c) and 314(d)(1) of the TIA, the Indenture Trustee will release property from the
Lien of this Indenture only according to the Transaction Documents and the conditions and procedures stated in the exemptive order.

Section
11.5.Acts of
Noteholders. Any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other action permitted by a Transaction Document to be given or taken by the Noteholders or a stated percentage
of the Noteholders may be included in and evidenced by one or more documents signed by the Noteholders. Except as otherwise stated in
a Transaction Document, the action will become effective when the documents are delivered to the Indenture Trustee and, if required, to
the Issuer. Any such acts will bind the Noteholder of every Note issued on the registration of the Note or in exchange for the Note or
in place of the Note, for all purposes whether or not notation of the action is made on the Note.

Section
11.6.Conflict
with Trust Indenture Act. If any part of this Indenture
limits, qualifies or conflicts with any other part of this Indenture that is required or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the
TIA, the required or deemed part will control. Sections 310 through 317 of the TIA that impose obligations on a Person (including those
automatically deemed included in this Indenture unless expressly excluded by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture.

Section
11.7.Issuer Obligation.
No recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, for the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee or the Indenture
Trustee on the Notes or under this Indenture or a certificate or other writing delivered under this Indenture or the Notes, against (a)
the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee each in its individual capacity, (b) each holder of a beneficial interest
in the Issuer, (c) each partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee
or the Delaware Trustee, each in its individual capacity or (d) each holder of a 

53

beneficial interest in the Owner Trustee, the
Delaware Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, each in its individual capacity. The Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Delaware
Trustee have none of these obligations in their individual capacities. For all purposes of this Indenture, the Owner Trustee and the Delaware
Trustee will be subject to, and have the benefits of, Articles V, VI and VII of the Trust Agreement.

ARTICLE
XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
12.1.Benefits
of Indenture; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Indenture
and the Notes are for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. The Secured Parties,
each Person with rights to payments or distributions under this Indenture and the holder of the Residual Interest will be third-party
beneficiaries of this Indenture and may enforce this Indenture according to its terms. No other Person will have any right or obligation
under this Indenture or the Notes.

Section
12.2.Notices.

(a)Notices to Parties. Notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties to this
Indenture must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

(ii)for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without the
requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication will be addressed to the recipient
stated on Schedule A, which address the party may change by notifying the other party.

(c)Notice to Noteholders. Notices to a Noteholder will be considered received by the Noteholder:

(i)for Definitive Notes, for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit
in the mail properly addressed to the Noteholder at its address in the Note Register; or

(ii)for Book-Entry Notes, when delivered under the procedures of the Clearing Agency, whether or not the Noteholder actually receives
the notice.

54

(d)Notices to Rating Agencies. Where this Indenture requires notice to the Rating Agencies, failure to give the notice will
not affect other rights or obligations under this Indenture, and will not be a Default or Event of Default.

Section
12.3.GOVERNING
LAW. THIS INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING
TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
12.4.Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each party submits to the nonexclusive
jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court sitting in New
York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this Indenture. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the proceeding
was brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
12.5.WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. Each
party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, THE right to trial by jury in legal proceedings relating to this INDENTURE.

Section
12.6.No Waiver;
Remedies. No party's failure or delay in exercising a power,
right or remedy under this Indenture will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right or remedy will preclude
any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and
remedies under this Indenture are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
12.7.Severability.
If a part of this Indenture is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Indenture and
will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Indenture.

Section
12.8.Headings.
The headings in this Indenture are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Indenture.

Section
12.9.Counterparts.
This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

55

EXECUTED BY:

FORD
CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

By: THE
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

By: /s/ Esther Antoine 

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

[Signature
Page to Indenture]

Agreed and Acknowledged for purposes

of the Granting Clause:

CAB EAST LLC 

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger 

Name: Ryan Hershberger 

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer 

CAB WEST LLC 

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger 

Name: Ryan Hershberger 

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer 

[Signature
Page to Indenture]

Schedule A

Notice Addresses

1. If to Ford Credit, in its individual capacity or as Sponsor, Servicer, Custodian or Administrator:

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

World Headquarters, Suite 802

One American Road

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Securitization Operations Manager

Telephone: (313) 206-7860

Email: FDSecops@ford.com

With a copy to:

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

One American Road

Suite 1038

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Office of General Counsel

Fax: (313) 337-9591

Email: notice@ford.com

2. If to the Depositor:

Ford Credit Auto Lease Two LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

World Headquarters, Suite 802

One American Road

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Ford Credit SPE Management Office

Telephone: (313) 594-3495

Email: FSPEMgt@ford.com

With a copy to:

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

One American Road

Suite 1038

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Office of General Counsel

Fax: (313) 337-9591

Email: notice@ford.com

SA-1

3. If to the Issuer:

c/o the Owner Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the
Owner Trustee

With copies to:

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

World Headquarters, Suite 802

One American Road

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Ford Credit SPE Management Office

Telephone: (313) 594-3495

Email: FSPEMgt@ford.com

and

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC

c/o Ford Motor Company

One American Road

Suite 1038

Dearborn, Michigan 48126

Attention: Office of General Counsel

Fax: (313) 337-9591

Email: notice@ford.com

4. If to the Owner Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee;

5. If to the Delaware Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Delaware Trustee;

6. If to the Indenture Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee;

7. If to the Asset Representations Reviewer:

Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC

720 S. Colorado Blvd, Suite 200

Glendale, Colorado 80246

Attention: Legal Department

Email: ARRNotices@clayton.com

Telephone: (877) 516-8121

With a copy to:

Email: legal@covius.com

SA-2

8. If to Fitch:

Fitch ratings Inc.

300 West 57th Street

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance

Telephone: (212) 908-0500

Fax: (212) 514-9897

9. If to Moodys:

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

7 World Trade Center

250 Greenwich Street

New York, New York 10041

Attention: Asset Finance Group 24th Floor

Telephone: (212) 553-0300

Fax: (212) 298-6834

SA-3

Exhibit A

Form of Notes

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE
OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN ANOTHER NAME REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF DTC (AND PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO ANOTHER ENTITY REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE
OR OTHER USE OF THIS NOTE FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER OF THIS NOTE, CEDE &
CO., HAS AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE.

[Rule 144A Notes Only: THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE
UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS NOTE), BY PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS
NOTE), AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE TRUST AND THE DEPOSITOR THAT THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) MAY BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
ASSIGNED, PARTICIPATED, PLEDGED OR DISPOSED OF ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, AND ONLY (I) UNDER
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER, WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A "QIB"), PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB, WHOM THE HOLDER
HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE UNDER RULE 144A, OR (II) TO THE DEPOSITOR
OR ITS AFFILIATES, IN EACH CASE, ACCORDING TO ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND SECURITIES AND BLUE SKY LAWS OF
THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES.]

EACH
HOLDER OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) THAT IS (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE
I OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), (II) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY THAT IS DEEMED TO BE HOLDING PLAN
ASSETS OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING BY REASON OF SUCH HOLDER'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101,
AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA OR (IV) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A "SIMILAR LAW"), BY ACCEPTING THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL
INTEREST IN THIS NOTE), IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT THAT ITS PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR A BENEFICIAL 

EA-1

INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) IS NOT AND WILL NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR
A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW, AS APPLICABLE.

[Class
C Notes and Class D Notes Only: THIS NOTE WILL BE ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT. UPON REQUEST OF THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE,
THE ISSUER WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, (I) THE ISSUE PRICE OF THE NOTE, (II) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT IN RESPECT THEREOF, (III) THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE, (IV) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE AND (V) THE PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE
OF THE NOTE, IN EACH CASE, AS DETERMINED UNDER THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. REQUESTS SHOULD BE
SUBMITTED TO THE ISSUER AT THE CORPORATE TRUST OFFICE OF THE OWNER TRUSTEE.]

THE
PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS STATED IN THIS NOTE. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS
NOTE MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE OF THIS NOTE.

EA-2

REGISTERED $[___________]

No. R-1 CUSIP NO. [_________]

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A

CLASS [A-[__]][B][C][D] [__%] [FLOATING RATE] ASSET
BACKED NOTES

Ford
Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A, a statutory trust organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Issuer"), for
value received, promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [________________] DOLLARS payable on the
fifteenth day of each month, or, if that day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, starting in February 2025 (each,
a "Payment Date") in an amount equal to the aggregate amount payable to the Noteholders of Class [A-[__]][B][C][D]
Notes on that Payment Date from the amounts payable as principal on the Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Notes under Section 3.1 of the Indenture,
dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Indenture"), between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as Indenture Trustee (the "Indenture Trustee"). However, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note will be due
and payable on the earlier of (a) the [__________] Payment Date (the "Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Final Scheduled Payment Date"),
or (b) the Redemption Date under Section 10.1 of the Indenture. The entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes will be due and payable
on the date on which the Notes are declared to be, or have automatically become, immediately due and payable under Section 5.2(a) of the
Indenture. Principal payments on the Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Notes will be made pro rata to the Noteholders entitled to those principal
payments. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Note are defined in Article I of the Indenture, which also contains usage rules
that apply to this Note.

The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at [the
rate per annum shown above] [a rate based on SOFR determined under the terms of the Indenture, equal to 30-day average SOFR plus [___]%
(but not less than 0.00%)] on each Payment Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment, on the principal
amount of this Note outstanding on the prior Payment Date (in each case, after giving effect to payments of principal made on the prior
Payment Date), subject to limitations in Section 3.1 of the Indenture. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date from and
including the [15th day of the month before each Payment Date] [previous Payment Date on which interest has been paid] (or, for the initial
Payment Date, from and including the Closing Date) to but excluding [the 15th day of the month in which that Payment Date occurs] [that
Payment Date]. Interest will be computed on the basis of [actual days elapsed and] a 360-day year [of twelve 30 day months].

The principal of and interest on this Note are
payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and
private debts. Payments made by the Issuer on this Note will be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as stated above
and then to the unpaid principal of this Note.

This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] [__%][Floating Rate] Asset Backed Notes (the "Class [A-[__]][B][C][D]
Notes") of the Issuer. Also authorized under the Indenture are the Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Notes. The Indenture and indentures

EA-3

supplemental to the Indenture state the respective rights and obligations of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders. The
Notes are subject to the Indenture.

The
Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Notes are and will be equally and ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor under the Indenture.
Interest on and principal of the Notes will be payable according to the priority of payments stated in Section 8.2 of the Indenture. [Class
B only:][The Class B Notes are subordinated in right of payment to the Class A Notes.] [Class C only:][The Class C Notes are
subordinated in right of payment to the Class A and Class B Notes.] [Class D only:][The Class D Notes are subordinated in right
of payment to the Class A, Class B and Class C Notes.]

Payments of interest on this Note on each Payment
Date, together with each installment of principal if not in full payment of this Note, will be made to the Registered Noteholder of this
Note either by wire transfer, to the account of the Noteholder at a bank or other entity having proper facilities for the wire transfer,
if the Noteholder has given to the Note Registrar proper written instructions at least five Business Days before that Payment Date and
the Noteholder's Notes in the aggregate evidence a denomination of not less than $1,000,000, or, if not, by check mailed first class mail,
postage prepaid, to the Registered Noteholder's address as it appears on the Note Register on each Record Date. However, unless Definitive
Notes have been issued to Note Owners, payment will be made by wire transfer to the account designated by Cede & Co., as nominee of
the Clearing Agency or a successor nominee. The payments will be made without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment.
Any reduction in the principal amount of this Note effected by payments made on a Payment Date will bind future Noteholders of this Note
and of a Note issued on the registration of transfer of this Note or in exchange of this Note or in place of this Note, whether or not
noted on this Note. If money is expected to be available for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note
on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Registered Noteholder of this
Note as of the prior Record Date by notice mailed or transmitted by fax before that Payment Date, and the amount then due and payable
will be payable only on presentation and surrender of this Note at the Indenture Trustee's Corporate Trust Office or at the office of
the Indenture Trustee's agent appointed for those purposes located in The City of New York.

The
Issuer will pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class [A-[__]/B/C/D] Note Interest Rate if lawful.

The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in
part, in the manner and to the extent described in the Indenture and the Servicing Supplement.

The
transfer of this Note is subject to the restrictions on transfer stated on the face of this Note and to the other limitations in the Indenture.
Subject to the satisfaction of those restrictions and limitations, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note Register on
surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer under the Indenture, duly endorsed
by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the Noteholder
of this Note or its attorney-in-fact, with the signature guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements
of the Note Registrar, and then one or more new Notes of the same Class in 

EA-4

authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal
amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for the registration of transfer
or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay an amount to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed under any registration of transfer or exchange.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting a Note
or, for a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, for the obligations
of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or under the Indenture or a certificate or other writing delivered
for the Notes and the Indenture, against (i) the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee, each in its individual capacity, (ii) any holder
of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, (iii) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture
Trustee or the Owner Trustee, each in its individual capacity or (iv) any holder of a beneficial interest in the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee, each in its individual capacity.

The obligations of the Issuer under the
Indenture are solely the obligations of the Issuer and do not represent an obligation or interest in any assets of the Depositor
other than the Sold Property conveyed to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement. Each Noteholder and Note Owner, by its
acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledges and agrees that it has no right, title or interest in or to
any Other Assets of the Depositor. If the Noteholder or Note Owner either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or benefit from,
Other Assets or (ii) is deemed to have any interest, claim to or benefit in or from Other Assets, whether by operation of law, legal
process, under insolvency laws or otherwise (including by virtue of Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code), then the Noteholder or
Note Owner further acknowledges and agrees that any interest, claim or benefit in or from Other Assets is and will be expressly
subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full of the other obligations and liabilities, which, under the relevant documents
relating to the securitization or conveyance of those Other Assets, are entitled to be paid from, entitled to the benefits of, or
secured by those Other Assets (whether or not any entitlement or security interest is legally perfected or otherwise entitled to a
priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws, and whether or not asserted against the
Depositor), including the payment of post-petition interest on the other obligations and liabilities. THIS PARAGRAPH IS A
SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 510(a) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.

Any
claim under a Note issued under the Indenture against one of the Titling Companies will be limited in recourse to the 2025-A Reference
Pool and the other Borrower Collateral available for payment on this Note under the Exchange Note Supplement. Each Noteholder and Note
Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, acknowledges and agrees that it has no right, title or interest
in or to any Other Borrower Assets of a Titling Company. If the Noteholder or Note Owner either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or
benefit from, Other Borrower Assets or (ii) is deemed to have any interest, claim to or benefit in or from Other Borrower Assets, whether
by operation of law, legal process, under insolvency laws or otherwise (including by virtue of Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code),
then the Noteholder or Note Owner further acknowledges and agrees that any interest, claim or benefit in or from Other Borrower Assets
is and will be expressly subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full 

EA-5

of the other obligations and liabilities, which, under
the relevant documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of those Other Borrower Assets, are entitled to be paid from, entitled
to the benefits of, or secured by those Other Borrower Assets (whether or not any entitlement or security interest is legally perfected
or otherwise entitled to a priority of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws, and whether or not
asserted against the Titling Company), including the payment of post-petition interest on the other obligations and liabilities. THIS
PARAGRAPH IS A SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 510(a) OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by accepting a Note
or, for a Note Owner, a beneficial interest in a Note, agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable
preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b)
all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue
against, or join another Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor
or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under any bankruptcy
or similar law.

The Issuer has entered into the Indenture and this
Note is issued with the intention that, for federal, State and local income and franchise tax purposes, Notes that are beneficially owned
by a Person other than Ford Credit or its Affiliates will qualify as indebtedness of the Issuer secured by the Collateral. Each Noteholder
or Note Owner, by its acceptance of a Note or a beneficial interest in a Note, will be deemed to agree to treat the Notes for federal,
State and local income, single business and franchise tax purposes as indebtedness of the Issuer.

For any date, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee
and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as of that date as the
owner of this Note for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and any interest on the Note and for all other purposes, without
regard to any notice or other information to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with some exceptions requiring
the consent of all adversely affected Noteholders under the Indenture, the amendment of the Indenture and the modification of the rights
and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture by the Issuer with the consent of the Noteholders
of Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class. The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee
to amend or waive some terms and conditions in the Indenture without the consent of the Noteholders if some conditions are satisfied.
In addition, the Indenture contains terms permitting the Noteholders of Notes evidencing stated percentages of the Note Balance of the
Notes or of the Controlling Class, on behalf of all Noteholders, to waive compliance by the Issuer with some terms of the Indenture and
some defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any consent or waiver by the Noteholder of this Note will be conclusive and
bind the Noteholder and all future Noteholders of this Note and of any Note issued on the registration of transfer of this Note or in
exchange of this Note or in place of this Note whether or not notation of the consent or waiver is made on this Note.

EA-6

The term "Issuer," as used in this Note,
includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture.

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under
some circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders under the Indenture.

The Notes are issuable only in registered form
in denominations as stated in the Indenture, subject to some limitations in the Indenture.

THIS NOTE AND THE INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

No reference in this Note to the Indenture, and
no term of this Note or of the Indenture, will alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay
the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency prescribed in this Note.

Except as permitted under the Transaction Documents,
none of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its individual capacity, The Bank of New York Mellon, in its individual capacity,
any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, or their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees
or successors or assigns will be personally liable for, nor will recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest
on this Note or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications in the Indenture. The Noteholder
of this Note, by its acceptance of this Note, agrees that, except as permitted in the Transaction Documents, for an Event of Default under
the Indenture, the Noteholder has no claim against those Persons for any deficiency, loss or claim from this Note. However, nothing in
this Note will be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for liabilities, obligations and undertakings
in the Indenture or in this Note.

Unless the certificate of authentication on this
Note has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note will not have the benefit of the
Indenture, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

EA-7

The Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed,
manually or in facsimile, by its Responsible Person, as of the date below.

Date: January ___, 20__

FORD
CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A

By: THE
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Ford Credit
Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

By: 

Responsible
Person

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This
is one of the Class [A-[__]][B][C][D] Notes designated above and referred to in the Indenture.

Date: January ___, 20__

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but

solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Responsible
Person

EA-8

ASSIGNMENT

Social
Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:

______________________________________________________________.

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto:

____________________________________

(name and address of assignee)

the within Note and all rights under said Note, and hereby irrevocably
constitutes and appoints _________________, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books kept for registration of said Note, with full
power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: */

Signature Guaranteed*/ 

*/ NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears
on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. The signature must be guaranteed
by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership
or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or another "signature guarantee program" selected by the
Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, all according to the Exchange
Act.

EA-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

Execution Version 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

TRUST AGREEMENT

among

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

acting for its Series of limited liability company interests

designated as the "2025-A Series," as Depositor

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Owner Trustee

and

BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE,

as Delaware Trustee

for

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATION OF TRUST 1

Section 2.1. Name 1

Section 2.2. Office 1

Section 2.3. Purposes and Powers 2

Section 2.4. Appointment of Co-Trustees 2

Section 2.5. Contribution and Sale of Trust Property 3

Section 2.6. Declaration of Trust 3

Section 2.7. Limitations on Liability 3

Section 2.8. Title to Trust Property 3

Section 2.9. Location of Issuer 3

Section 2.10. Depositor's Representations and Warranties 4

Section 2.11. Tax Matters 5

ARTICLE III RESIDUAL INTEREST AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 7

Section 3.1. Residual Interest 7

Section 3.2. Registration of Residual Interest 7

Section 3.3. Transfer of Residual Interest 7

ARTICLE IV APPLICATION OF TRUST PROPERTY 8

Section 4.1. Application of Trust Property 8

ARTICLE V OWNER TRUSTEE'S AUTHORITY AND OBLIGATIONS 9

Section 5.1. General Authority 9

Section 5.2. General Obligations 9

Section 5.3. Action Requiring Prior Notice 10

Section 5.4. Action on Direction by Holder of Residual Interest 10

Section 5.5. Action for Bankruptcy 11

Section 5.6. Action on Administrator's Instruction 11

Section 5.7. No Obligations or Actions Except as Stated in Transaction Documents or Instructions 11

Section 5.8. Prohibition on Some Actions 11

Section 5.9. Action Not Required 11

Section 5.10. Review of Owner Trustee's Records 12

Section 5.11. Furnishing of Documents 12

Section 5.12. Sarbanes-Oxley Act 13

Section 5.13. Reporting of Reallocations of Leases and Leased Vehicles 13

ARTICLE VI OWNER TRUSTEE AND DELAWARE TRUSTEE 13

Section 6.1. Acceptance of Trusts 13

Section 6.2. Limitations on Liability 13

Section 6.3. Reliance; Advice of Counsel; Use of Agents 14

i

Section 6.4. Not Acting in Individual Capacity 15

Section 6.5. The Bank of New York Mellon and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware May Own Notes 15

Section 6.6. Owner Trustee's and Delaware Trustee's Representations and Warranties 15

Section 6.7. Obligation to Update Disclosure 16

ARTICLE VII COMPENSATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE AND DELAWARE TRUSTEE 16

Section 7.1. Fees and Expenses 16

Section 7.2. Indemnification of Owner Trustee and Delaware Trustee 17

Section 7.3. Organizational Expenses of Issuer 18

ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION 18

Section 8.1. Termination of Trust Agreement and Issuer 18

ARTICLE IX SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL TRUSTEES 19

Section 9.1. Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee and Delaware Trustee 19

Section 9.2. Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee 19

Section 9.3. Successor Co-Trustee 20

Section 9.4. Merger or Consolidation; Transfer of Assets 20

Section 9.5. Appointment of Separate Trustee or Co-Trustee 21

Section 9.6. Compliance with Delaware Statutory Trust Act 22

ARTICLE X OTHER AGREEMENTS 22

Section 10.1. Limitation on Rights of Others 22

Section 10.2. No Petition 22

Section 10.3. Limited Recourse 22

Section 10.4. Subordination 22

Section 10.5. Rights Limited to Exchange Note 23

Section 10.6. Compliance with Corporate Transparency Act 24

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 24

Section 11.1. Amendments 24

Section 11.2. Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries 25

Section 11.3. Notices 25

Section 11.4. GOVERNING LAW 26

Section 11.5. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 26

Section 11.6. Severability 26

Section 11.7. Headings 26

Section 11.8. Counterparts 26

Exhibit A Form of Certificate of Trust A-1

ii

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT, dated
as of January 1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), among FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
as Depositor, THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, a New York banking corporation, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee
under this Agreement, and BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, a Delaware banking corporation, not in its individual capacity but solely as Delaware
Trustee under this Agreement, for Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A.

BACKGROUND

The parties created the Issuer under a Trust Agreement,
dated as of November 16, 2023 (as amended and restated as of October 18, 2024), to engage in a securitization transaction sponsored by
Ford Credit in which the Issuer will issue Notes secured by a 2025-A Exchange Note that is secured by a reference pool of leases and leased
vehicle purchased by the Titling Companies from motor vehicle dealers.

In connection with the securitization transaction,
the parties have determined to amend and restate the existing Trust Agreement on the terms in this Agreement.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A
Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated
Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security
Agreement"), among CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD
Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security
Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that apply to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated
by reference into this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION OF TRUST

Section 2.1.Name. The trust was created and is known as "Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A", in which name the Owner Trustee
may conduct the activities of the Issuer and make and execute contracts and other documents and sue and be sued on behalf of the Issuer.

Section 2.2.Office. The Delaware office of the Issuer is in care of the Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee will maintain an office
or agency where notices and demands to or on the Delaware Trustee under the Transaction Documents may be served. The Delaware Trustee
designates its Corporate Trust Office for those purposes and will promptly notify the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee of a change
in the location of its Corporate Trust Office. The New York office of the Issuer is in care of the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee will

1

maintain an office or agency where notices and demands to or on the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents may be served. The Owner
Trustee designates its Corporate Trust Office for those purposes and will promptly notify the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee of a
change in the location of its Corporate Trust Office.

Section 2.3.Purposes and Powers.

(a)Permitted Activities. The purpose of the Issuer is, and the Issuer will have the power and authority, and is authorized,
to engage in the following activities:

(i)to acquire the 2025-A Exchange Note and other Sold Property under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement from the Depositor in exchange
for the Notes;

(ii)to
Grant the Collateral to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture;

(iii)to
enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents;

(iv)to
issue the Notes under the Indenture and to facilitate the sale of the Notes by the Depositor;

(v)to
pay principal of and interest on the Notes;

(vi)to
administer and manage the Trust Property;

(vii)to
make payments to the Noteholders and distributions to the holder of the Residual Interest; and

(viii)to take other actions necessary or advisable to accomplish the activities listed above or that are incidental to the activities
listed above.

(b)No Other Activity. The Issuer will not engage in any activity other than as required or authorized by this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents.

Section 2.4.Appointment of Co-Trustees.

(a)Appointment of Owner Trustee. The Depositor appoints the Owner Trustee as trustee of the Issuer to have all the rights,
powers and obligations in this Agreement.

(b)Appointment of Delaware Trustee. The Depositor appoints the Delaware Trustee to serve as the trustee of the Issuer in the
State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying Section 3807 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act that the Issuer have at least one
trustee with a principal place of business in Delaware. The duties of the Delaware Trustee are limited to (a) accepting legal process
served on the Issuer in the State of Delaware and (b) at the Owner Trustee's direction, executing and filing certificates required to
be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware under Section 3811 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Delaware Trustee
will notify the Owner Trustee after it takes either of those actions. The Delaware Trustee does not have the powers, duties and liabilities
of the Owner Trustee. The Delaware Trustee is not liable for any act or failure to act of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor,

2

the holder
of the Residual Interest or the Issuer. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Delaware Trustee has duties (including fiduciary
duties) or liabilities to the Issuer, the Depositor or any holder of the Residual Interest, it is agreed by the parties that such duties
and liabilities are replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Delaware Trustee stated in this Agreement.

Section 2.5.Contribution and Sale of Trust Property. As of the date of the formation of the Issuer, the Depositor contributed to the
Owner Trustee, and the Owner Trustee acknowledged receipt of, the amount of $1, which is the initial Trust Property. On the Closing Date,
the Depositor will sell to the Issuer the Sold Property in exchange for the Notes under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement.

Section 2.6.Declaration of Trust. The Owner Trustee will hold the Trust Property in trust under this Agreement for the use and benefit
of the holder of the Residual Interest and subject to the obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents. The parties intend
that the Issuer is a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and that this Agreement is the governing instrument of the
statutory trust. The Owner Trustee will have the rights, powers and obligations in this Agreement and in the Delaware Statutory Trust
Act for accomplishing the purposes of the Issuer and engaging in any activity required or authorized by this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents. The parties intend that the activities of the Issuer be managed by the Administrator under the Administration Agreement. A
Certificate of Trust substantially in the form of Exhibit A has been filed (originally or by amendment) with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware. The parties intend that the Issuer is a "business trust" within the meaning of Section 101(9)(a)(v) of
the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 2.7.Limitations on Liability.

(a)Liability of Depositor. The Depositor, as initial holder of the Residual Interest, will have the same limitation of personal
liability as stockholders of a private for profit corporation organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

(b)Liability to Third Parties. Except as stated in this Agreement, none of the Depositor, the Administrator or their Affiliates
or any of their directors, managers, officers or employees will be liable for the Issuer's debts, obligations or liabilities.

Section 2.8.Title to Trust Property.

(a)Title Vested in Issuer. Legal title to the Trust Property will be vested in the Issuer as a separate legal entity, except
where applicable law in a jurisdiction requires title to the Trust Property to be vested in a trustee or trustees, in which case title
will be considered vested in the Owner Trustee, a co-trustee and/or a separate trustee appointed under this Agreement.

(b)No Legal Title in Holder of Residual Interest. The holder of the Residual Interest has no legal title to any Trust Property.
The holder of the Residual Interest will receive distributions on its Residual Interest only according to Article IV.

Section 2.9.Location of Issuer. The Issuer will be administered in the States of Delaware and New York. Bank accounts maintained by
the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer will be located in the State of New York. The Issuer will not have employees in a state

3

other
than the State of Delaware, except that The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as Owner Trustee or another capacity, may have employees
within or outside the State of Delaware. The Issuer will only receive payments in or make payments from the State of Delaware or the State
in which the Indenture Trustee is located. The Issuer's principal office will be in care of the Delaware Trustee in the State of Delaware.

Section 2.10.Depositor's Representations and Warranties. The Depositor represents and warrants to each Co-Trustee as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Depositor is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and
has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct
of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals
would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Depositor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Depositor has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against the Depositor, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization
or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement, and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Depositor is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien
on the Depositor's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar
document (other than the Exchange Note Sale Agreement), (iii) violate the Depositor's certificate of formation or limited liability company
agreement or (iv) violate a law or, to the Depositor's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory
body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties that applies
to the Depositor, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Depositor's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing
before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Depositor or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions
under this Agreement, (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) that would reasonably
be expected to (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise
tax purposes, (B) be deemed to

4

cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to be
treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case,
other than proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor, the performance by the
Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment
of the Issuer or the Notes.

Section 2.11.Tax Matters.

(a)Disregarded Entity. The parties and Ford Credit intend that, for purposes of U.S. federal income, State and local income
and franchise tax, so long as the Issuer has no equity owner other than the Depositor (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes),
the Issuer will be treated as an entity disregarded as separate from the Depositor.

(b)Recharacterized Classes. If beneficially owned for U.S. federal income tax purposes by a Person other than the Depositor,
each Class of Notes is intended to be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Depositor agrees, and the Noteholders
by acceptance of their Notes agree in the Indenture, to that treatment and each agrees to take no action inconsistent with that treatment.
If one or more Classes of Notes is recharacterized as an equity interest in the Issuer, and not as indebtedness (a "Recharacterized
Class") and a Recharacterized Class is treated as not owned for U.S. federal income tax purposes by the same entity that owns
the Issuer, the parties intend that the Issuer be characterized as a partnership among the Depositor (if it is at that time treated as
an equity owner of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes), other holders, if any, of the Residual Interest and holders of the
Recharacterized Class or Classes. In that event, for purposes of U.S. federal income, State and local income or franchise tax each month:

(i)amounts paid as interest to holders of a Recharacterized Class will be treated as a guaranteed payment within the meaning of Section
707(c) of the Code;

(ii)if the characterization in Section 2.11(b)(i) is not respected, gross ordinary income of the Issuer for that month as determined
for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be allocated to the holders of each Recharacterized Class as of the Record Date occurring within
that month, in an amount equal to the sum of (A) the interest accrued to the Recharacterized Class for that month, (B) the part of the
market discount on the 2025-A Exchange Note accrued during that month that is allocable to any excess of the aggregate initial Note Balance
of the Recharacterized Class over the initial aggregate issue price of the Notes of the Recharacterized Class and (C) any amount expected
to be distributed to the holders of that Class of Notes under Section 8.2 of the Indenture (if not previously allocated under this subsection
(ii)) if necessary to reverse any net loss previously allocated to holders of the Notes of the Recharacterized Class (if not previously
reversed under this clause (C)); and

(iii)then, remaining net income of the Issuer (subject to the modifications below) for that month as determined for U.S. federal income
tax purposes (and each item of income, gain, credit, loss or deduction for the computation of net income) will be allocated to the holder
of the Residual Interest.

5

If the gross ordinary income of the Issuer for
a month is insufficient for the allocations described in Section 2.11(b)(ii), gross ordinary income in later periods will first be allocated
to each Recharacterized Class in alphabetical order (if applicable) to make up the shortfall before an allocation under Section 2.11(b)(iii).
Any net losses of the Issuer for a month as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and each item of income, gain, credit, loss
or deduction for the computation of net losses) will be allocated to the holder of the Residual Interest if the holder of the Residual
Interest is reasonably expected to bear the economic burden of those net losses, and any remaining net losses will be allocated in reverse
alphabetical order (if applicable) to each Recharacterized Class, in each case, until the Note Balance of the Recharacterized Class is
reduced to zero as of the Record Date occurring within that month, and among the holders of the Recharacterized Class, in proportion to
their ownership of the aggregate Note Balance of the Recharacterized Class on that Record Date. The partnership representative designated
under Section 2.11(f) is authorized to modify the allocations in this Section 2.11(b) if necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion,
for the allocations to fairly reflect the economic income, gain or loss to the holder of the Residual Interest or the holders of a Recharacterized
Class or as required by the Code.

(c)Filing of Returns. The parties agree that, unless required by the tax authorities, the Depositor, on behalf of the Issuer,
will file or cause to be filed annual or other returns, reports and other forms consistent with the characterizations described in Section
2.11(a) and the first sentence of Section 2.11(b).

(d)Elections. The Owner Trustee will not elect or cause the Issuer to elect, and no holder of the Residual Interest will elect
or permit an election to be made, to treat the Issuer as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes
under Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3. If the Issuer is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Majority
Equity Holder will or will cause the Issuer, to the extent eligible, to make the election under Section 6221(b) of the Code for determinations
of adjustments at the partnership level and take any other action necessary or appropriate for the election. If this election is not available,
to the extent applicable, the Majority Equity Holder will or will cause the Issuer to make the election under Section 6226(a) of the Code
for the alternative to payment of imputed underpayment by a partnership and take any other action necessary or appropriate for the election.
However, the Majority Equity Holder is authorized, in its sole discretion, to make any available election under Sections 6221 through
6241 of the Code, including any other Code provisions for the same subject matter, and any related regulations (adopted or proposed) and
administrative guidance (the "BBA Partnership Audit Rules") and take any action it deems necessary or appropriate to
comply with the requirements of the Code and to conduct the Issuer's activities under the BBA Partnership Audit Rules. Each holder and,
if different, each beneficial owner of a Residual Interest or Recharacterized Class, shall promptly provide the Issuer, Depositor and
Administrator any requested information, documentation or material to enable the Issuer to make any of the elections described in this
clause (d) and otherwise comply with the BBA Partnership Audit Rules. For purposes of this Section 2.11, the "Majority Equity
Holder" means the Depositor or, if it is no longer treated as holding an equity interest in the Issuer for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the holder of the greatest percentage of the equity interests in the Issuer. The provisions of this Section 2.11(d) shall
survive any termination of this Agreement.

6

(e)Alternative Treatment; Capital Accounts. If the Issuer is not treated as an entity disregarded as separate from the Depositor
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Administrator or the Owner Trustee will, based on information or instruction given by or on
behalf of the Depositor, (i) maintain the books of the Issuer on the basis of a calendar year and the accrual method of accounting, (ii)
deliver to each holder of the Residual Interest information required under the Code to enable the holder to prepare its U.S. federal and
State income tax returns, (iii) file tax returns relating to the Issuer and make elections under any applicable U.S. federal or State
statute and (iv) collect any withholding tax according to Section 4.1(d). The Administrator (or the Owner Trustee at the request of the
Administrator) will also establish and maintain, according to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations, a separate bookkeeping
account for the Depositor and each other person treated as an equity owner of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This Section
2.11(e) will be interpreted to comply with the Treasury Regulations under Section 704 of the Code and the Depositor is authorized to modify
these provisions if necessary to comply with those regulations.

(f)Partnership Representative. If the Issuer is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Majority
Equity Holder will (i) prepare and sign, on behalf of the Issuer, the tax returns of the Issuer and (ii) be designated as the partnership
representative of the Issuer under Section 6223(a) of the Code to the extent allowed under the law.

ARTICLE III

RESIDUAL INTEREST AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS

Section 3.1.Residual Interest. The Depositor is the initial holder of the Residual Interest. The holder of the Residual Interest will
receive any amounts not needed on a Payment Date to pay the Notes and the Issuer's other obligations under the Indenture and this Agreement,
and any amounts remaining in the Reserve Account after payment in full of the 2025-A Exchange Note and the Notes and of all other amounts
owing or to be distributed under the Transaction Documents to the Secured Parties on the termination of the Issuer.

Section 3.2.Registration of Residual Interest. The Issuer appoints the Owner Trustee to be the "Trust Registrar" and to keep
a register (the "Trust Register") of the holders of the Residual Interest and transfers of the Residual Interest. If
the Trust Registrar resigns, the Administrator, on behalf of the Issuer, will promptly appoint a successor or, if it elects not to make
the appointment, assume the obligations of Trust Registrar. The "holder of the Residual Interest" will be the Person registered
as the holder of the Residual Interest on the Trust Register.

Section 3.3.Transfer of Residual Interest. The holder of the Residual Interest will be permitted to sell, transfer, assign or convey
its rights in the Residual Interest if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a)Opinion of Counsel. The holder of the Residual Interest delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee
stating that the action will not cause the Issuer or a Titling Company to be or become characterized for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation;

7

(b)Tax Forms. The holder of the Residual Interest delivers to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee a U.S. Internal Revenue
Service Form W-9 stating that it is a "United States person" under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code;

(c)Nature of Tax Positions. The Depositor has notified the transferee of the Residual Interest of the tax positions previously
taken by it, as holder of the Residual Interest, for U.S. federal and State income tax purposes and the transferee has agreed to take
tax positions consistent with the tax positions previously taken by the Depositor;

(d)Pass-Through Entity. The transferee of the Residual Interest either (i) is not (or, if it is disregarded as an entity separate
from its owner within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3(a), its owner is not), for federal income tax purposes, a
partnership, grantor trust, or S Corporation (as defined in the Code) (that entity, a "Pass-Through Entity") or (ii)
is a Pass-Through Entity, but (A) after giving effect to the transaction, less than 50 percent of the value of each beneficial ownership
interest in the Pass-Through Entity is attributable to the entity's interest in the Issuer or (B) the purpose of using the tiered arrangement
was not to avoid the purposes of Section 1.7704-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations;

(e)ERISA Certification. The transferee of the Residual Interest delivers to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee a certification
that it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of (i) an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section
3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is subject
to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" (within the meaning of Department
of Labor Regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of an employee benefit plan's or plan's
investment in the entity or (iv) an employee benefit plan, plan or retirement arrangement that is subject to Similar Law;

(f)Established Securities Market. The holder or transferee of the Residual Interest delivers to the Owner Trustee a certification
that it has neither acquired nor will it transfer a Residual Interest it purchases or cause the Residual Interest to be marketed on or
through an "established securities market" within the meaning of Section 7704(b)(1) of the Code, including an over-the-counter
market or an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates firm buy or sell quotations; and

(g)Rating Agency Condition. If the transferee of the Residual Interest is Ford Credit or an Affiliate of Ford Credit that is
not a special-purpose, bankruptcy remote entity, the holder of the Residual Interest satisfies the Rating Agency Condition.

ARTICLE IV

APPLICATION OF TRUST PROPERTY

Section 4.1.Application of Trust Property.

(a)Distributions Under Indenture. Before the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture, all distributions of Trust Property,
including any distributions to the holder of the Residual Interest, will be made according to Article VIII of the Indenture.

8

(b)Distributions Following Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. Following the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture,
the Owner Trustee will distribute the Trust Property as directed by the holder of the Residual Interest.

(c)Funds Deposited with Owner Trustee. All funds deposited with the Owner Trustee may be held in a non-interest bearing trust
account and are not required to be segregated from other funds, except to the extent required by law or the terms of this Agreement.

(d)Withholding Tax. If federal withholding tax is imposed on the Issuer's payments (or allocations of income) to the holder
of the Residual Interest made by the Owner Trustee, that tax will reduce the amount distributable to the holder. The Owner Trustee is
authorized and directed to retain from amounts distributable to the holder of the Residual Interest a sufficient amount for the payment
of the withholding tax that is legally owed by the Issuer. The Owner Trustee may contest the tax and withholding payment of the tax, if
permitted by law, pending the outcome. The amount of withholding tax imposed on the holder of the Residual Interest will be treated as
cash distributed to the holder at the time it is withheld by the Issuer and paid to the taxing authority. If there is a possibility that
withholding tax is payable for a distribution, the Owner Trustee may, in its sole discretion, withhold those amounts. If the holder of
the Residual Interest seeks to apply for a refund of the withholding tax, the Owner Trustee will cooperate with the holder in making the
claim so long as the holder agrees to reimburse the Owner Trustee for expenses incurred in cooperating.

ARTICLE V

OWNER TRUSTEE'S AUTHORITY AND OBLIGATIONS

Section 5.1.General Authority.

(a)Execution of Transaction Documents; Direction to Indenture Trustee. The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed, on behalf
of the Issuer, to (i) execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party and the other documents required to
be delivered on the Closing Date by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents and (ii) direct the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and
deliver the Notes.

(b)Actions under Transaction Documents. The Owner Trustee is authorized, but not obligated, to take all actions required of
the Issuer under the Transaction Documents and is authorized to take actions on behalf of the Issuer, if permitted by the Transaction
Documents, that the Servicer or the Administrator directs, except if this Agreement requires the consent of the Noteholders or the holder
of the Residual Interest for the action. In addition, the Administrator is authorized to take actions on behalf of the Issuer, if permitted
by the Transaction Documents, according to the Administration Agreement.

Section 5.2.General Obligations.

(a)Obligations Under Transaction Documents. Subject to Section 5.3, the Owner Trustee will perform the obligations of the Owner
Trustee under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party. The Owner Trustee will administer the Issuer
in the interest of the holder of the Residual Interest, subject to the Lien of the Indenture and according to the Transaction Documents.

9

(b)Discharge of Liens. The Owner Trustee will promptly take, at its own expense, action necessary to discharge a Lien (other
than the Lien of the Indenture) on the Trust Property resulting from actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the Trust Property.

(c)Obligations Performed by Administrator. The Owner Trustee will be considered to have performed its obligations under the
Transaction Documents if the Administrator is required in the Administration Agreement to perform the obligations of the Owner Trustee
or the Issuer. The Owner Trustee will not be liable for the default or failure of the Administrator to perform its obligations under the
Administration Agreement.

Section 5.3.Action Requiring Prior Notice. For the following matters, the Owner Trustee may not take action unless (a) at least 30 days
before taking the action, the Owner Trustee has notified the Indenture Trustee (who will notify the Noteholders), the holder of the Residual
Interest and the Administrator (who will notify the Rating Agencies) of the proposed action and (b) the Indenture Trustee, acting on instruction
of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class (or if no Notes are Outstanding, the holder of the Residual
Interest), has not notified the Owner Trustee before the 30th day after it receives notice that those Noteholders or the holder of the
Residual Interest, as applicable, have withheld consent or given alternative direction:

(i)starting or pursuing of a material Proceeding by the Issuer and the settlement of any material Proceeding brought by or against
the Issuer;

(ii)amending the Certificate of Trust (unless the amendment is required to be filed under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act), except
to correct an ambiguity or to amend or supplement it in a manner that would not materially adversely affect the interests of the holders
of the Notes or the Residual Interest;

(iii)appointing or engaging a successor Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or consenting to the assignment by the Indenture Trustee
of its obligations under the Indenture or this Agreement; and

(iv)directing the Administrator to take any of the actions described above.

Section 5.4.Action on Direction by Holder of Residual Interest.

(a)Direction of Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee will take all actions, if permitted by the Transaction Documents, that the
holder of the Residual Interest directs, subject to the consent of the Noteholders, if such consent is required by the Transaction Documents.

(b)Consent to Amendments. The Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer will not execute, or consent to, an amendment to the Credit
and Security Agreement, the Exchange Note Supplement, the Servicing Agreement, the Servicing Supplement, the Indenture or the Administration
Agreement that would materially adversely affect the holder of the Residual Interest without its consent.

10

Section 5.5.Action for Bankruptcy. The Owner Trustee may not start or pursue a voluntary proceeding in bankruptcy for the Issuer unless
the Notes have been paid in full and the holder of the Residual Interest consents to the proceeding in advance and delivers to the Owner
Trustee a certificate certifying that it reasonably believes that the Issuer is insolvent.

Section 5.6.Action on Administrator's Instruction. If (a) the Owner Trustee is unsure of the application of a term of a Transaction
Document, (b) a term of a Transaction Document is, or appears to be, in conflict with another term, (c) this Agreement permits a determination
by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is unclear about the action the Owner Trustee is required to take or (d) the Owner Trustee is unable
to decide between alternative actions permitted or required by a Transaction Document, the Owner Trustee may, and for clause (d) will,
notify the Administrator requesting instruction on the matter. If the Owner Trustee acts or does not act in good faith according to the
instruction received, the Owner Trustee will not be liable for the action or inaction. If the Owner Trustee does not receive instruction
before ten days after it has notified the Administrator (or sooner if reasonably requested in the notice or necessary under the circumstances)
it may, but is not obligated to, take or not take the action that it considers to be in the best interests of the holder of the Residual
Interest, and will not be liable for the action or inaction.

Section 5.7.No Obligations or Actions Except as Stated in Transaction Documents or Instructions. The Owner Trustee is not obligated
to, and will not, manage, use, sell or dispose of the Trust Property, except according to the rights and powers granted to and the authority
given to the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or in an instruction received by the
Owner Trustee under Section 5.4(a) or 5.6. The right of the Owner Trustee to perform a discretionary act stated in a Transaction Document
will not be interpreted as an obligation. There are no implied obligations of the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents.

Section 5.8.Prohibition on Some Actions. The Owner Trustee will not take action (a) that is inconsistent with the purposes of the Issuer
in Section 2.3 or (b) that, to the knowledge of the Owner Trustee, would (i) cause a Class of Notes not to be treated as indebtedness
for U.S. federal or Applicable Tax State income or franchise tax purposes, (ii) be deemed to cause a sale or exchange of the Notes for
purposes of Section 1001 of the Code (unless no gain or loss would be recognized on the deemed sale or exchange for U.S. federal income
tax purposes) or (iii) cause the Issuer, the Titling Companies or any part of any of them to be treated as an association (or publicly
traded partnership) taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The holder of the Residual Interest will not direct
the Owner Trustee to take action that would violate this Section 5.8.

Section 5.9.Action Not Required. The Owner Trustee will not be required to do any of the following:

(a)Actions Resulting in Liability. To take any action under a Transaction Document if the Owner Trustee reasonably determines,
or is advised by counsel, that the action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee, is contrary to a Transaction
Document or is not permitted by applicable law.

11

(b)Actions Resulting in Financial Liability. To pay or risk funds or incur any financial liability in the performance of its
rights or powers under a Transaction Document if the Owner Trustee has reasonable grounds for believing that payment of such funds or
adequate indemnity against the risk or liability is not reasonably assured or given to it.

(c)Administering or Collecting Exchange Note. To administer, service or collect the 2025-A Exchange Note or to monitor or supervise
the administration, servicing or collection of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

(d)Perfecting Security Interest. To file financing statements or continuation statements or to perfect or maintain the perfection
of a security interest or Lien granted to it under this Agreement or to prepare or file a Securities and Exchange Commission filing for
the Issuer or to record a Transaction Document.

(e)Advice. To provide advice, counsel or opinion regarding the tax, financial, investment, securities law or insurance implications
and consequences of the formation, funding and ongoing administration of the Issuer, including income, gift and estate tax issues, insurable
interest issues, doing business or other licensing matters and the initial and ongoing selection and monitoring of financing arrangements.

(f)Investigation. To make investigation about the accuracy of representations, warranties or other obligations of the Issuer
under the Transaction Documents.

(g)Verification. To prepare or verify information, disclosure or other statements in the offering documents or other documents
issued or delivered in connection with the sale or transfer of the Notes, except as separately agreed by the Owner Trustee.

(h)Actions of other Parties. To monitor or supervise the activities or performance of other parties under the Transaction Documents.

Section 5.10.Review of Owner Trustee's Records. The Owner Trustee agrees that, with reasonable advance notice, it will permit authorized
representatives of the Servicer or the Administrator, during the Owner Trustee's normal business hours, to have access to and review the
facilities, processes, books of account, records, reports and other documents and materials of the Owner Trustee relating to (a) the performance
of the Owner Trustee's obligations under this Agreement, (b) payments of fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee for its performance and
(c) a claim made by the Owner Trustee under this Agreement. In addition, the Owner Trustee will permit the Servicer's or the Administrator's
representatives to make copies and extracts of any of those documents and to discuss them with the Owner Trustee's officers and employees.
Any access and review will be subject to the Owner Trustee's confidentiality and privacy policies. The Owner Trustee will maintain all
relevant books, records, reports and other documents and materials for a period of two years after the termination of its obligations
under this Agreement.

Section 5.11.Furnishing of Documents. The Owner Trustee will provide to the Administrator and, on request from the holder of the Residual
Interest (if a different Person than the Administrator), to the holder copies of reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates and
other documents provided to the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents, including any

12

requests from a Noteholder to communicate
under Section 7.1(e) of the Indenture and any Review Reports received from the Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section 5.12.Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Owner Trustee will not be required to execute, deliver or certify on behalf of the Issuer, the Servicer,
the Depositor or the Sponsor any filings, certificates or other documents required by the Securities and Exchange Commission or required
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in connection with the Transaction Documents. The Owner Trustee will provide any relevant information
and Officer's Certificates reasonably requested by the Person responsible for the filings, certificates or other documents on behalf of
the Issuer.

Section 5.13.Reporting of Reallocations of Leases and Leased Vehicles. The Owner Trustee will (a) notify the Sponsor, the Depositor and
the Servicer, as soon as practicable and within five Business Days, of demands or requests received by a Responsible Person of the Owner
Trustee (including to the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer) for the removal of a Lease and related Leased Vehicle from the 2025-A
Reference Pool and reallocation of the Lease and Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool under Section 3.3 of the Exchange Note
Sale Agreement, (b) promptly on request by the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer, provide to them other information reasonably requested
to facilitate compliance by them with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, and Items 1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB and (c) if requested
by the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer, provide a written certification no later than 15 days following the end of a quarter or
year that the Owner Trustee has not received reallocation demands or requests for that period, or if reallocation demands or requests
have been received during that period, that the Owner Trustee has given the information reasonably requested under clause (b) above. The
Owner Trustee and the Issuer will not have responsibility or liability for a filing required to be made by a securitizer under the Exchange
Act or Regulation AB.

ARTICLE VI

OWNER TRUSTEE AND DELAWARE TRUSTEE

Section 6.1.Acceptance of Trusts. Each Co-Trustee accepts the trusts created by this Agreement and agrees to exercise its rights and
powers and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 6.2.Limitations on Liability. Neither Co-Trustee will be liable under the Transaction Documents, including for the following
actions, except (a) for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment) or (b) if a representation
or warranty made by it in Section 6.6 is not true and correct as of the Closing Date:

(i)neither Co-Trustee will be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (A) according to the instructions of the Noteholders
of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class, the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor, the holder of the Residual Interest,
the Administrator or the Servicer or (B) in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights and powers under this Agreement
so long as the action taken or not taken does not amount to negligence;

13

(ii)neither Co-Trustee will be liable for indebtedness evidenced by or created under the Transaction Documents, including the principal
of and interest on the Notes or amounts distributable to the holder of the Residual Interest;

(iii)neither Co-Trustee will be liable for (A) the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, (B) the due execution of this Agreement
by the Depositor, (C) the form, genuineness, sufficiency, value or validity of the Trust Property, (D) the validity or sufficiency of
the other Transaction Documents, the Notes or related documents, (E) the legality, validity and enforceability of the 2025-A Exchange
Note, (F) the sufficiency of the Trust Property or the ability of the Trust Property to generate the amounts necessary to make payments
to the Noteholders under the Indenture or distributions to the holder of the Residual Interest under this Agreement or (G) the accuracy
of a representation or warranty made under a Transaction Document (other than the representations and warranties made by it in Section
6.6);

(iv)neither Co-Trustee will be liable for the default or misconduct of the Servicer, the Administrator, the Depositor, the holder of
the Residual Interest or the Indenture Trustee under the Transaction Documents or for any action taken by the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator
or the Servicer in the name of the Owner Trustee;

(v)neither Co-Trustee will be responsible or liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages (including lost profit),
even if it has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action; or

(vi)neither Co-Trustee will be responsible or liable for a failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
from or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including strikes, work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, civil
or military disturbances, nuclear catastrophes, fires, floods, earthquakes, storms, hurricanes or other natural catastrophes and interruptions,
loss or failures of mechanical, electronic or communication systems, pandemics or epidemics; each Co-Trustee will use reasonable efforts
consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 6.3.Reliance; Advice of Counsel; Use of Agents.

(a)Reliance. Each Co-Trustee may rely on, and will not be liable to anyone for acting in reliance on, a signature, notice,
resolution, request, consent, certificate, report, opinion or other document believed by it to be genuine that appears on its face to
be properly signed by the proper party or parties. Each Co-Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors
or other governing body of a corporate party as conclusive evidence that the resolution has been duly adopted and that the resolution
is in full force and effect.

(b)Advice of Counsel. In the exercise or administration of the trusts under this Agreement and in the exercise of its rights
and powers or the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, each Co-Trustee may consult with counsel, accountants
and other Persons whom it selects with reasonable care. Each Co-Trustee may rely on the written opinion or advice of counsel, accountants
or other Persons and will not be liable for any action

14

taken or not taken in good faith according to such opinion or advice, including
that such action or inaction is not contrary to the Transaction Documents.

(c)Use of Agents. In the exercise or administration of the trusts under this Agreement and in the performance of its rights,
powers and obligations under the Transaction Documents, each Co-Trustee may act directly or through its agents or attorneys under agreements
entered into with any of them and will not be liable for the conduct or misconduct of those agents or attorneys if it selects those agents
or attorneys with due care.

Section 6.4.Not Acting in Individual Capacity. Except as stated in this Article VI, in accepting the trusts created by this Agreement,
The Bank of New York Mellon acts solely as Owner Trustee under this Agreement and not in its individual capacity and BNY Mellon Trust
of Delaware acts solely as Delaware Trustee under this Agreement and not in its individual capacity. Any Person with a claim against the
Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee related to a Transaction Document will look only to the Trust Property for payment or satisfaction
of that claim.

Section 6.5.The Bank of New York Mellon and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware May Own Notes. Each of The Bank of New York Mellon and BNY
Mellon Trust of Delaware, in its individual or another capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may deal with the Depositor,
the holder of the Residual Interest, the Servicer, the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee in banking transactions with the same rights
as it would have if it were not a Co-Trustee.

Section 6.6.Owner Trustee's and Delaware Trustee's Representations and Warranties. Each Co-Trustee represents and warrants to the Depositor
as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. It is duly formed and is validly existing as a banking corporation under the laws of (i)
the State of New York, for the Owner Trustee, and (ii) the State of Delaware, for the Delaware Trustee. It is duly qualified as a banking
corporation and has obtained necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction in which the ownership or lease of its properties or
the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses
or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. It has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement. It has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is its legal, valid and binding
obligation, enforceable against it, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar laws relating
to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement and the performance by the Co-Trustee
of its obligations under this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document under which it is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition
of any Lien on its properties or assets under the terms of any

15

indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar
document, (iii) violate its organizational documents or by-laws or (iv) violate a law or, to its knowledge, an order, rule or regulation
of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over it
or its properties that applies to it, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To its knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing, before a
federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over it or its
properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the completion of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

(e)Banking Association. The Delaware Trustee is a Delaware banking corporation satisfying Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act. The Owner Trustee is a New York banking corporation and meets the applicable eligibility requirements of Section 9.1.

(f)Information Provided. The information provided by each Co-Trustee in its individual capacity in any certificate or agreement
delivered by a Responsible Person of that Co-Trustee is true and correct in all material respects.

Section 6.7.Obligation to Update Disclosure. Each Co-Trustee will notify and provide information, and certify the information in an
Officer's Certificate, to the Depositor on the occurrence of any event or condition relating to it or actions taken by it that (a) may
be required to be disclosed by the Depositor under Item 2 (the start of, material developments in, or termination of legal proceedings
against The Bank of New York Mellon or BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, as applicable, that are material to the Noteholders) of Form 10-D
under the Exchange Act within five days of a Responsible Person of it becoming aware of such proceeding, (b) the Depositor reasonably
requests of it that the Depositor, in good faith, believes is necessary to comply with Regulation AB within five days of request, (c)
may be required to be disclosed under Item 6.02 (resignation, removal, replacement or substitution of The Bank of New York Mellon as Owner
Trustee or BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware as Delaware Trustee) of Form 8-K under the Exchange Act within two days of a Responsible Person
of it becoming aware of the occurrence or (d) causes the information given by it in a certificate delivered by a Responsible Person of
it to be untrue or incorrect in any material respect or is necessary to make the statements provided by it in light of the circumstances
in which they were made not misleading within five days of a Responsible Person of it becoming aware of the event or condition.

ARTICLE VII

COMPENSATION AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE AND DELAWARE TRUSTEE

Section 7.1.Fees and Expenses. The Issuer will pay each Co-Trustee as compensation for performing its obligations under this Agreement
a fee separately agreed on by the Issuer and that Co-Trustee. The Issuer will reimburse each Co-Trustee for its reasonable expenses in

16

performing its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its
agents, counsel and advisors, but excluding expenses resulting from that Co-Trustee's willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (other
than errors in judgment).

Section 7.2.Indemnification of Owner Trustee and Delaware Trustee.

(a)Indemnification. The Depositor will, or will cause the Administrator to, indemnify each Co-Trustee in its individual capacity,
and its officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person"), for all fees, expenses, losses, damages
and liabilities resulting from the administration of and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents (including the fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability and any fees and expenses incurred
in connection with any proceedings brought by the Indemnified Person to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Depositor and the
Administrator), but excluding any fee, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from (i) the Co-Trustee's willful misconduct, bad
faith or negligence (other than errors in judgment) or (ii) the Co-Trustee's breach of its representations and warranties in this Agreement.

(b)Proceedings. If an Indemnified Person receives notice of a Proceeding against it, the Indemnified Person will, if a claim
is to be made under Section 7.2(a), promptly notify the Depositor and the Administrator of the Proceeding. The Depositor or the Administrator
may participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a Proceeding at its expense. If the Depositor or the Administrator notifies
the Indemnified Person of its intention to assume the defense of the Proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Person, and so long as the Depositor or the Administrator assumes the defense of the Proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to
the Indemnified Person, the Depositor or the Administrator will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Person
unless there is a conflict between the interests of the Depositor or the Administrator, as applicable, and an Indemnified Person. If there
is a conflict, the Depositor or the Administrator will pay for the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel to the Indemnified
Person. No settlement of a Proceeding may be made without the approval of the Depositor or the Administrator and the Indemnified Person,
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.

(c)Survival of Obligations. The obligations of the Depositor and the Administrator under this Section 7.2 will survive the
resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee and the termination of this Agreement.

(d)Repayment. If the Depositor or the Administrator makes a payment to an Indemnified Person under this Section 7.2 and the
Indemnified Person later collects from others any amounts for which the payment was made, the Indemnified Person will promptly repay those
amounts to the Depositor or the Administrator, as applicable.

(e)Other Assets. The Depositor's obligations under this Section 7.2 are obligations solely of the Depositor and are not a claim
against the Depositor if the Depositor does not have funds sufficient to make payment of those obligations. Each Co-Trustee, by entering
into or accepting this Agreement, acknowledges and agrees that it has no right, title or interest in or to

17

the Other Assets of the Depositor.
If a Co-Trustee either (i) asserts an interest or claim to, or benefit from, the Other Assets or (ii) is considered to have an interest,
claim to, or benefit in or from the Other Assets, whether by operation of law, legal process, under insolvency laws or otherwise (including
under Section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code), then the Co-Trustee further acknowledges and agrees that the interest, claim or benefit
in or from the Other Assets is subordinated to the indefeasible payment in full of the other obligations and liabilities, which, under
the documents relating to the securitization or conveyance of those Other Assets, are entitled to be paid from or to the benefits of,
or are secured by, those Other Assets (whether or not the entitlement or security interest is legally perfected or entitled to a priority
of distributions or application under applicable law, including insolvency laws, and whether or not asserted against the Depositor), including
the payment of post-petition interest on those other obligations and liabilities. This subordination agreement is a subordination agreement
within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. Each Co-Trustee further acknowledges and agrees that no adequate remedy at
law exists for a breach of this Section 7.2(e) and this Section 7.2(e) may be enforced by an action for specific performance. This Section
7.2(e) is for the third party benefit of the holders of the other obligations and liabilities and will survive the termination of this
Agreement.

Section 7.3.Organizational Expenses of Issuer. The Depositor will, or will cause the Administrator to, pay the organizational fees and
expenses of the Issuer.

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION

Section 8.1.Termination of Trust Agreement and Issuer.

(a)Termination of Trust Agreement and Issuer. The Issuer will dissolve, on the later to occur of (i) the final distribution
by the Owner Trustee of all Trust Property according to the Indenture, the Servicing Agreement, the Servicing Supplement and Article IV
and (ii) the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture under Article IV of the Indenture. An Insolvency Event, liquidation or dissolution
of the Depositor will not (A) operate to terminate this Agreement or the Issuer, (B) allow the Depositor's legal representatives to claim
an accounting or to start an action or proceeding in court for a partition or winding up of the Issuer or the Trust Property or (C) affect
the rights, powers, obligations and liabilities of the parties to this Agreement. On dissolution of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, at
the direction of the Administrator, will wind up the activities and affairs of the Issuer as required by Section 3808 of the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act.

(b)Depositor May Not Terminate Issuer. The Depositor may not cancel or terminate the Issuer.

(c)Trust Property; Certificate of Cancellation. On dissolution of the Issuer, any remaining Trust Property will be distributed
to the holder of the Residual Interest, and on completion of the windup, the Owner Trustee and the Delaware Trustee will cause the Certificate
of Trust to be cancelled by preparing, executing and filing a certificate of cancellation as required by the Delaware Statutory Trust
Act. On the filing of the certificate of cancellation, this Agreement and each Co-Trustee's rights, powers and obligations under this
Agreement will

18

simultaneously terminate. The Delaware Trustee will promptly deliver a file-stamped copy of the certificate of cancellation
to the Administrator.

ARTICLE IX

SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL TRUSTEES

Section 9.1.Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee and Delaware Trustee.

(a)Eligibility Requirements. The Owner Trustee must (i) be authorized to exercise corporate trust powers, (ii) have a combined
capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and be subject to supervision or examination by federal or State authorities and (iii) have
(or have a parent that has) a long-term debt rating of investment grade by each of the Rating Agencies or be acceptable to the Rating
Agencies. If the Owner Trustee publishes reports of condition at least annually, under law or the requirements of its supervising or examining
authority, then for the purpose of this Section 9.1, the combined capital and surplus of the Owner Trustee will be considered to be its
combined capital and surplus as stated in its most recent published report.

(b)Trustee in Delaware. The Delaware Trustee must satisfy Section 3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

(c)Notice of Ineligibility. A Co-Trustee will promptly notify the Depositor and the Administrator if it no longer meets the
eligibility requirements in this Section 9.1.

Section 9.2.Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee.

(a)Resignation. A Co-Trustee may resign by notifying the Depositor and the Administrator at least 30 days in advance. A Co-Trustee
must resign immediately if it no longer meets the applicable eligibility requirements in Section 9.1 or is legally unable to act as Owner
Trustee or Delaware Trustee, as applicable.

(b)Removal by Administrator. The Administrator may, without cause, remove a Co-Trustee and terminate its rights and obligations
under this Agreement by notifying the Co-Trustee at least 30 days in advance.

(c)Removal for Cause. The Administrator will, if any of the following events occurs and is continuing, remove a Co-Trustee
and terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement by notifying the Co-Trustee:

(i)the Co-Trustee no longer meets the applicable eligibility requirements in Section 9.1;

(ii)the Co-Trustee is legally unable to act as Owner Trustee or Delaware Trustee, as applicable; or

(iii)an Insolvency Event of the Co-Trustee occurs.

(d)Notice of Resignation or Removal. The Administrator will notify the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies
of any resignation or removal of a Co-Trustee.

19

(e)Continue to Perform. No resignation or removal of a Co-Trustee will be effective, and the Co-Trustee will continue to perform
its obligations under this Agreement, until a successor Co-Trustee has accepted its engagement according to Section 9.3(b).

Section 9.3.Successor Co-Trustee.

(a)Appointment of Successor Co-Trustee. If a Co-Trustee resigns or the Administrator removes a Co-Trustee, the Administrator
will promptly appoint a successor who meets the applicable eligibility requirements in Section 9.1. If no successor is appointed and has
accepted the appointment within 30 days after the Administrator's receives notice of the resignation or removal of the Co-Trustee, the
Co-Trustee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor. No successor Co-Trustee may accept appointment under
this Section 9.3 unless, at the time of the acceptance, the successor Co-Trustee meets the applicable eligibility requirements in Section
9.1.

(b)Effectiveness of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of a Co-Trustee and appointment of a successor under
this Section 9.3 will become effective until (i) the successor accepts its appointment as the Owner Trustee or Delaware Trustee, as applicable,
under Section 9.3(a) by executing and delivering to the Administrator an agreement accepting its appointment under this Agreement and
(ii) if the successor is a successor Delaware Trustee, it files the certificate of amendment to the Certificate of Trust referred to in
Section 9.3(e).

(c)Transition of Co-Trustee Obligations. On the resignation or removal of a Co-Trustee becoming effective under Section 9.3(b),
all rights, powers and obligations of that Co-Trustee under this Agreement will become the rights, powers and obligations of the successor.
The Co-Trustee will deliver to the successor all documents and amounts held by it under this Agreement, and the Administrator and the
Co-Trustee will execute and deliver any documents and do other things reasonably required to confirm in the successor those rights, powers
and obligations. The Depositor will reimburse the Co-Trustee and any successor for expenses related to the replacement of the Co-Trustee
if those amounts have not been paid under Section 8.2 of the Indenture.

(d)Notification. On the acceptance of appointment by a successor under this Section 9.3, the Administrator will notify the
Depositor, the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies of the successor.

(e)Certificate of Amendment. A successor Delaware Trustee appointed under this Agreement will promptly file a certificate of
amendment to the Certificate of Trust with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware identifying the name and principal place of
business of the successor Delaware Trustee in the State of Delaware. The successor Delaware Trustee will promptly deliver a file-stamped
copy of the certificate of amendment to the Administrator.

Section 9.4.Merger or Consolidation; Transfer of Assets. If a Co-Trustee merges or consolidates with, or transfers its corporate trust
business or assets to, any Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person will be the successor Owner Trustee or Delaware Trustee,
as applicable, so long as that Person is qualified and eligible under Section 9.1. The Co-Trustee will (i) notify the Issuer and the Administrator
(who will notify the Rating Agencies) of the

20

merger or consolidation within 15 Business Days of the event and (ii) if that Co-Trustee
is the Delaware Trustee, file a certificate of amendment to the Certificate of Trust as required by Section 9.3(e).

Section 9.5.Appointment of Separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

(a)General. For the purpose of meeting a legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which the Trust Property or a Leased Vehicle
may be located, the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly will have the power to appoint one or more Persons approved by
the Owner Trustee to act as a separate trustee or as separate trustees, or as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, of the Issuer,
and to vest in that Person, in that capacity, the title to the Trust Property, and, subject to this Section 9.5, the trusts, rights, powers
and obligations as the Administrator and the Owner Trustee consider necessary or advisable. If the Administrator has not joined in the
appointment within 15 Business Days of its receipt of a request so to do, the Owner Trustee will have the power to make the appointment.
No separate trustee or co-trustee under this Agreement will be required to be eligible under Section 9.1 and no notice of the appointment
of a separate trustee or co-trustee is required.

(b)Rights; Liability; Resignation or Removal. Each separate trustee and co-trustee will, if permitted by law, be appointed
and act subject to the following:

(i)all rights, powers and obligations of the Owner Trustee will be exercised or performed by the Owner Trustee and the separate trustee
or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that the separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Owner
Trustee joining in the act), except if under the law of each jurisdiction in which a particular act or acts are to be performed, the Owner
Trustee is incompetent or unqualified to perform the act or acts, in which event the rights, powers and obligations (including the holding
of title to any Trust Property) may be exercised and performed separately by the separate trustee or co-trustee;

(ii)no trustee under this Agreement will be personally liable for any act or failure to act by another trustee under this Agreement;
and

(iii)the Administrator and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may accept the resignation of or remove a separate trustee or co-trustee.

(c)Joint or Separate Trusts. Any notice, request or other communication given to the Owner Trustee will be considered given
to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as if given to each of them. Every appointment of a separate trustee or co-trustee
must refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article IX. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, on its acceptance of the appointment,
will be vested with the properties, trusts, rights and powers stated in its appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately.
The Owner Trustee will keep a copy of the appointment in its files and will deliver a copy to the Administrator.

(d)Owner Trustee as Agent. Any separate trustee or co-trustee may appoint the Owner Trustee as its agent or attorney-in-fact
with full power and authority, if not prohibited by law, to do any act under this Agreement on its behalf and in its name. If a separate
trustee or co-trustee becomes incapable of acting, resigns or is removed, its properties, trusts, rights and

21

powers will be vested in
and may be exercised by the Owner Trustee, if permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.

Section 9.6.Compliance with Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Issuer must have at least one trustee that meets the requirements of Section
3807(a) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

ARTICLE X

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section 10.1.Limitation on Rights of Others. Except for Sections 2.6, 7.2, 10.5 and 11.1, this Agreement is solely for the benefit of
the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee, the Depositor, the Administrator, the Servicer, the holder of the Residual Interest and the Indenture
Trustee and the Secured Parties. Nothing in this Agreement (other than Section 2.6), will give to any other Person any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim in the Trust Property or under this Agreement.

Section 10.2.No Petition. Each Co-Trustee agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference
period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities
issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or
join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii)
the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under
any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 10.2 will survive the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee
under this Agreement and the termination of this Agreement.

Section 10.3.Limited Recourse. Each Co-Trustee agrees that each claim that the Co-Trustee may seek to enforce against the Depositor is
limited to the 2025-A Exchange Note only and is not a claim against the Depositor's assets as a whole or assets other than the Depositor's
assets related to the 2025-A Exchange Note.

Section 10.4.Subordination.

(a)Subordination of Claims. Each Co-Trustee agrees that each claim that the Co-Trustee may seek to enforce against the Depositor's
assets other than the assets related to the 2025-A Exchange Note will be subordinate to the payment in full of other claims for those
other assets. However, this Section 10.4(a) will not limit, subordinate or modify claims against the Depositor for the right to payment,
commitment to repurchase or other obligation of Depositor relating to:

(i)assets related to the 2025-A Exchange Note or the 2025-A Reference Pool;

(ii)related credit enhancement;

22

(iii)transactions entered into for the assets related to the 2025-A Exchange Note (or the beneficial interest in the 2025-A Exchange
Note);

(iv)administrative services performed for the 2025-A Exchange Note;

(v)a servicing obligation; or

(vi)an obligation to a Person acting as trustee, registrar or administrator (including as owner trustee or indenture trustee).

(b)Election under Bankruptcy Code. Each Co-Trustee irrevocably makes the election afforded to secured creditors by Section
1111(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Bankruptcy Code to receive the treatment afforded by Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code for a secured claim
that the Co-Trustee may have against assets of the Depositor other than assets related to the 2025-A Exchange Note of the Depositor.

(c)Subordination Agreement. Sections 10.4(a) and (b) are an enforceable subordination agreement under Section 510(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code.

Section 10.5.Rights Limited to Exchange Note.

(a)Rights Limited to Exchange Notes. Each claim by a Co-Trustee or another Person under this Agreement if the claim is deemed
to be against a Titling Company or assets of a Titling Company will be limited in recourse to the 2025-A Exchange Note. If the Noteholders
or other Persons having a claim under this Agreement will be deemed to have a claim against the assets of a Titling Company other than
the 2025-A Exchange Note, the claim will be subordinate to the payment in full, including post-petition interest, of the claims of the
Lender and to the holder of (i) other Exchange Notes and (ii) for assets allocated to a Specified Interest other than the Collateral Specified
Interest or the EV Specified Interest, other asset-backed securities, the payments on which are derived primarily from collections on
designated assets of the Titling Companies and related hedging arrangements. This paragraph is a subordination agreement within the meaning
of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. Each Co-Trustee and the Depositor each further acknowledges and agrees that no adequate remedy
at law exists for a breach of this Section 10.5 and this Section 10.5 may be enforced by action for specific performance.

(b)Election under Bankruptcy Code. Each Co-Trustee and each other Person having rights under this Agreement by accepting the
benefits hereof irrevocably makes the election afforded to secured creditors by Section 1111(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Bankruptcy Code to receive
the treatment afforded by Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code for a secured claim that Person may have against a Titling Company
or against an Exchange Note of a Titling Company other than the 2025-A Exchange Note.

(c)Third-Party Benefit. This Section 10.5 is for the third party benefit of the holders, pledgees or other beneficiaries of
securities or parties to or other beneficiaries of an agreement, contract or other obligation of the type referred to in clause (ii) of
Section 10.5(a), which relates to an Exchange Note other than the 2025-A Exchange Note and will survive the termination of this Agreement.

23

Section 10.6.Compliance with Corporate Transparency Act. The Administrator will take any action, if necessary, from time to time to cause
compliance by the Issuer with the Corporate Transparency Act (31 U.S.C. 5336) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the
"CTA"). The Owner Trustee and the Delaware Trustee will have no responsibility to monitor or ensure compliance by the
Issuer with the CTA.

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.1.Amendments.

(a)Amendments to Clarify and Correct Errors and Defects. The parties may amend this Agreement to (i) clarify an ambiguity,
correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be inconsistent with the other terms of this Agreement or
any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, or (ii) provide for, or facilitate the acceptance of this Agreement by, a
successor Owner Trustee or Delaware Trustee, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person.

(b)Other Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement to add, change or eliminate terms for this Agreement if:

(i)the holder of the Residual Interest delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee stating that
the amendment will not have a material adverse effect on the Notes or, if such Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered, the
consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of the Notes Outstanding (with each Class voting separately,
except that all Noteholders of the Class A Notes will vote together as a single class) is received;

(ii)the holder of the Residual Interest delivers an Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee stating that
the amendment will not (A) cause a Note to be deemed sold or exchanged for purposes of Section 1001 of the Code, (B) cause the Issuer
or a Titling Company to be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes or (C) adversely affect the treatment of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

(iii)the consent of the Indenture Trustee is received if the amendment has a material adverse effect on the rights or obligations of
the Indenture Trustee, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(c)Amendments Requiring Consent of all Affected Noteholders. No amendment to this Agreement may, without the consent of all
affected Noteholders, (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, or change the allocation
or priority of, payments on the 2025-A Exchange Note or distributions that are required to be made to the Secured Parties or (ii) reduce
the percentage of the Note Balance of the Notes required to consent to any amendment.

(d)Notice of Amendments. The Administrator will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly after the
execution of an amendment, (i) the

24

Administrator will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies and (ii) the Owner Trustee
will notify the Indenture Trustee of the substance of the amendment or consent.

(e)Certificate of Amendment. Promptly after the execution of any certificate of amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the
Delaware Trustee will cause the amendment to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Delaware Trustee will
promptly deliver a file-stamped copy of the certificate of amendment to the Administrator.

(f)Amendment by Delaware Trustee. The Delaware Trustee may enter into any amendment or certificate of amendment to the Certificate
of Trust that affects the Delaware Trustee's own rights, powers and obligations under this Agreement.

(g)Opinions of Counsel.

(i)Before executing any amendment to this Agreement or certificate of amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the holder of the Residual
Interest will deliver to each Co-Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of the amendment or certificate of amendment
is authorized or permitted by this Agreement.

(ii)Before executing any amendment to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party, the holder of
the Residual Interest will deliver to each Co-Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that the amendment is permitted by the Transaction
Documents and that all conditions in the Transaction Documents for the execution and delivery of the amendment by the Issuer or the Co-Trustees
have been satisfied.

(h)Noteholder Consent. For any amendment to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requiring the consent of the Noteholders,
the Owner Trustee will notify the Indenture Trustee to request consent from the Noteholders and follow its reasonable procedures to obtain
consent.

Section 11.2.Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties
and their permitted successors and assigns. The Administrator, the Servicer, the holder of the Residual Interest, the Indenture Trustee
and the Secured Parties will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement according to its terms. Subject
to Section 10.1, no other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section 11.3.Notices.

(a)Notices to Parties. All notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties
must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

25

(ii)for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without the
requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other party.

(c)Notices to Noteholders. Notices to a Noteholder will be considered received by the Noteholder:

(i)for Definitive Notes, for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit
in the mail properly addressed to the Noteholder at its address in the Note Register; and

(ii)for Book-Entry Notes, when delivered under the procedures of the Clearing Agency, whether or not the Noteholder actually receives
the notice.

Section 11.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS.

Section 11.5.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 11.6.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from
the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section 11.7.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

Section 11.8.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts
will together be one document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

26

EXECUTED BY:

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

as Depositor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Esther Antoine

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President

BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE,

as Delaware Trustee

By: /s/ Dawn Plows

Name: Dawn Plows

Title: Associate

[Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement]

Exhibit A

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRUST OF

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A

This Certificate of Trust of FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE
TRUST 2025-A (the "Trust") is being duly executed and filed by The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation,
as Owner Trustee (the "Owner Trustee"), and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, a Delaware banking corporation, as Delaware
Trustee, to form a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Delaware Code, 3801 et seq.) (the "Act").

1. Name.
The name of the statutory trust formed hereby is Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A.

2. Delaware
Trustee. The name and business address of a trustee of the Trust having its principal place of business in the State of Delaware is
BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, 301 Bellevue Parkway, 3rd Floor, Wilmington, Delaware 19809.

3. Effective
Date. This Certificate of Trust will be effective upon filing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being all
of the trustees of the Trust, have executed this Certificate of Trust in accordance with Section 3811(a)(1) of the Act.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner
Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Delaware
Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

Execution Version

2025-A EXCHANGE NOTE SUPPLEMENT

to the

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of July 22, 2005

as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023

among

CAB EAST LLC and

CAB WEST LLC,

as Borrowers,

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent,

HTD LEASING LLC,

as Collateral Agent

and

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Lender and as Servicer

Dated
as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I
USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section
1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II
EXCHANGE NOTE 1

Section
2.1. Creation of Exchange
Note 1

Section
2.2. Terms of Exchange Note 1

Section
2.3. Issuance of Exchange
Note 2

Section
2.4. Transfer Restrictions
on Exchange Note 3

Section
2.5. Reserve Account 3

Section
2.6. Borrowers Representations
and Warranties 3

ARTICLE III
REFERENCE POOL 4

Section
3.1. Reference Pool 4

ARTICLE IV
EXCHANGE NOTE EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 4

Section
4.1. Exchange Note Events
of Default 4

Section
4.2. Exchange Note Remedies 5

ARTICLE V
APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS ON REFERENCE POOL 5

Section
5.1. Distributions from Exchange
Note Collection Account 5

ARTICLE VI
OTHER AGREEMENTS 6

Section
6.1. Annual Certificate of
Compliance 6

Section
6.2. No Petition 7

Section
6.3. Tax Information 7

Section
6.4. Conflict with Credit and
Security Agreement 7

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS 7

Section
7.1. Amendments 7

Section
7.2. Benefit of this Supplement 7

Section
7.3. Governing
Law 7

Section
7.4. Severability 7

Section
7.5. Headings 8

Section 7.6. Counterparts 8

Schedule A Leases and Leased Vehicles in 2025-A Reference Pool SA-1

Appendix 1 Usage and Definitions AA-1

i

2025-A EXCHANGE NOTE SUPPLEMENT, dated as of January
1, 2025 (this Supplement), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005,
as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the Credit and Security Agreement), among CAB EAST LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, and CAB WEST LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Borrowers, U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking
association, as Administrative Agent and not in its individual capacity, HTD LEASING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Collateral
Agent, and FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Lender and as Servicer.

BACKGROUND

Section 4.1 of the Credit and Security Agreement
provides that the parties to the Credit and Security Agreement may enter into a supplement to the Credit and Security Agreement to authorize
the issuance of an Exchange Note.

The parties to this Supplement have determined
to create the 2025-A Exchange Note and state its principal terms.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Supplement are defined in Appendix 1 or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix
A also contain usage rules that apply to this Supplement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Supplement.

ARTICLE
II

EXCHANGE NOTE

Section
2.1.Creation of Exchange Note. This Supplement
creates an Exchange Note to be issued under the Credit and Security Agreement and this Supplement and designated as the 2025-A
Exchange Note.

Section
2.2.Terms of Exchange Note. 

(a)Principal Terms. The principal terms of the 2025-A Exchange Note are as follows:

(i) the Exchange Note Issuance Date is January 27, 2025;

(ii) the 2025-A Exchange Note will be issued as a single class;

(iii)the Exchange Note Initial Principal Balance for the 2025-A Exchange Note is $1,496,195,876.29;

(iv)the Reference Pool for the 2025-A Exchange Note will be the 2025-A Reference Pool, as stated in Section 3.1;

(v)the Cutoff Date for the 2025-A Reference Pool is January 1, 2025;

(vi)the Exchange Note Interest Rate for the 2025-A Exchange Note is 4.97%;

(vii)the Exchange Note Events of Default for the 2025-A Exchange Note are stated in Section 4.1; and

(viii) the Exchange Note Final Scheduled Payment Date for the 2025-A Exchange Note is October 15, 2029.

(b)Payments on Exchange Note.

(i)Interest Accrual. The 2025-A Exchange Note will accrue interest on its Exchange Note Balance for each Exchange Note Interest
Period until the Exchange Note Balance has been paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the Exchange Note Interest Rate for that Exchange
Note Interest Period. Interest on the 2025-A Exchange Note will be calculated for each Exchange Note Interest Period on the basis of the
actual number of days elapsed and a 360-day year. Interest on the 2025-A Exchange Note for each Exchange Note Interest Period will be
due and payable on the related Payment Date.

(ii)Principal. The principal of the 2025-A Exchange Note will be payable in installments on each Payment Date according to
Article V. The Exchange Note Balance will be due and payable on the earlier of the Exchange Note Redemption Date and the Exchange Note
Final Scheduled Payment Date. The Exchange Note Balance will be due and payable on the date the 2025-A Exchange Note is declared to be,
or has automatically become, immediately due and payable according to Section 6.5(a) of the Credit and Security Agreement.

Section
2.3.Issuance of Exchange Note. 

(a)Form. The 2025-A Exchange Note will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Credit and Security Agreement, and
will satisfy the requirements of Sections 4.1 and 4.2 of the Credit and Security Agreement.

(b)Authorization, Execution and Delivery. Each of the Borrowers and the other parties to this Supplement will execute or acknowledge,
as applicable, and the Borrowers will deliver to the Administrative Agent the 2025-A Exchange Note and this Supplement. Following receipt
of the 2025-A Exchange Note and this Supplement and satisfaction of the conditions in Section 4.2(e) of the Credit and Security Agreement,
the Administrative Agent will (i) acknowledge this Supplement and (ii) authenticate and deliver the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section
4.2(f) of the Credit and Security Agreement.

(c)Satisfaction of Conditions. Each of the Borrowers represents and warrants that on satisfaction of the conditions in Section
2.3(b), the 2025-A Exchange Note will be duly authorized, executed and delivered under this Supplement.

2

Section
2.4.Transfer Restrictions on Exchange Note. 

(a)No Transfer in Part. The 2025-A Exchange Note may be Transferred only in whole and not in part.

(b)Exchange Noteholder Representations. By acceptance of the 2025-A Exchange Note, the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder agrees with
and is deemed to make, as of the date of this Supplement and as of the date of any transfer of the 2025-A Exchange Note, the representations
and warranties in Section 4.4(f) of the Credit and Security Agreement and, with respect to Section 4.4(f)(v) of the Credit and Security
Agreement, is deemed to make only the representation and warranty in clause (A).

Section
2.5.Reserve Account.

(a)Establishment. On or before the issuance of the 2025-A Exchange Note, the Servicer will establish the Reserve Account according
to Section 4.1(a) of the Servicing Supplement.

(b)Initial Deposit. On the Closing Date, the Depositor will deposit, or cause to be deposited, the Required Reserve Amount
in the Reserve Account according to Section 4.1 of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement.

(c)Additional Deposits. On each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will deposit in the Reserve Account all amounts available
according to Section 5.1(a)(iv) until the amount in the Reserve Account is equal to the Required Reserve Amount.

(d)Reserve Account Draw Amount. On or before each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will (as directed by the Servicer under
Section 4.6 of the Servicing Supplement) withdraw the Reserve Account Draw Amount for the Payment Date from the Reserve Account and deposit
it in the Exchange Note Collection Account.

(e)Distribution Following Event of Default. Following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has resulted in acceleration
of the Notes, the Indenture Trustee will distribute amounts in the Reserve Account (other than net investment earnings) according to Section
8.2(d) of the Indenture.

(f)Transfer to Depositor. The Indenture Trustee will withdraw all funds from the Reserve Account and pay them to the Depositor
on the earlier of (i) the first Payment Date on or after which the Servicer has deposited in the Exchange Note Collection Account the
Exchange Note Purchase Price according to Section 6.1(a) of the Servicing Supplement in connection with the exercise of its option to
acquire the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section 6.1 of the Servicing Supplement and (ii) the date on which the Note Balance of the Notes
and of other amounts owing or to be distributed to the Secured Parties under the Indenture and this Supplement are paid in full.

Section
2.6.Borrowers Representations and Warranties. Each
Borrower has made the representations and warranties in Sections 5.17 and 5.18 of the Credit and Security Agreement on which the Ford
Credit, the Depositor and the Issuer is relying. The representations and warranties are made as of the Exchange Note Issuance Date and
will survive the issuance of the 2025-A

3

Exchange
Note to Ford Credit, the sale of the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Depositor, the sale of the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Issuer and the
pledge of the 2025-A Exchange Note by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. 

ARTICLE
III

REFERENCE POOL

Section
3.1.Reference Pool.

(a)Leases and Leased Vehicles. The parties allocate the Leases and Leased Vehicles listed on Schedule A to a Reference Pool
designated as the 2025-A Reference Pool. References in this Supplement or in any other Transaction Document to Leases
and Leased Vehicles will be to the Leases and Leased Vehicles then allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool, unless the context
otherwise requires.

(b)Security Interest. Each Borrower confirms its Grant under the Credit and Security Agreement of a security interest in the
Borrower Collateral, including the 2025-A Reference Pool, to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(c)Source for Payment; Limited Recourse. The 2025-A Exchange Note will be payable solely from Exchange Note Available Funds,
the proceeds of the other Borrower Collateral and any Shared Amounts allocated to the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section 5.1, in each
case, according to the priorities in Section 5.1. For purposes of determining the 2025-A Collections, the Leases and Leased Vehicles will
be deemed to have been allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool from and after the related Cutoff Date. Recourse for the 2025-A Exchange
Noteholder will be limited to the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(d)Single Allocation. Leases and Leased Vehicles allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool will not be in the Revolving Facility
Pool or allocated to any other Reference Pool (other than after an Administrative Reallocation of a Lease and the related Leased Vehicle).
No Leases or Leased Vehicles in the Revolving Facility Pool or allocated to any other Reference Pool after the Cutoff Date will be in
the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(e)Reallocation on Payment in Full or Cancellation. On payment in full of the 2025-A Exchange Note or cancellation of the 2025-A
Exchange Note at the direction of the Servicer under Section 6.1(b) of the Servicing Supplement, the 2025-A Reference Pool will terminate
and the Leases and Leased Vehicles allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool at that time will be reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool.

ARTICLE
IV

EXCHANGE NOTE EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

Section
4.1.Exchange Note Events of Default. The Exchange
Note Events of Default applicable to the 2025-A Exchange Note are stated in Section 6.4(a) of the Credit and Security Agreement.
There are no additional Exchange Note Events of Default for the 2025-A Exchange Note.

4

Section
4.2.Exchange Note Remedies.

(a)Remedies on Acceleration. If an Exchange Note Event of Default has occurred and the 2025-A Exchange Note has been accelerated,
the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder may take the actions stated in Section 6.6(a) of the Credit and Security Agreement.

(b)Bids on Borrower Collateral. A Secured Party may submit a bid in any liquidation or sale of the Borrower Collateral allocated
to the 2025-A Reference Pool under Section 6.6(a)(iii) of the Credit and Security Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS ON REFERENCE POOL

Section
5.1.Distributions from Exchange Note Collection Account.

(a)Distributions on Payment Dates. Subject to Section 5.1(c), on each Payment Date the Indenture Trustee will (based on the
information in the most recent Monthly Investor Report) withdraw from the Exchange Note Collection Account and make deposits and payments,
to the extent of (a) Exchange Note Available Funds for the Payment Date and (b) if the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange
Note Event of Default, any proceeds from any sale or liquidation of the 2025-A Exchange Note during the related Collection Period, and
together with any Shared Amounts allocated to the 2025-A Exchange Note for the Payment Date, in the following order of priority:

(i)first, to the Servicer, unpaid Reference Pool Servicing Fees and any unpaid Advance Reimbursement Amount for the related
Collection Period;

(ii)second, to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, the Exchange Note Interest Payment Amount;

(iii)third,
to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, (A) on a Payment Date other than a Payment Date after the Collection Period during which the
2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of Default, the amount required to cover any shortfall in payment
under Sections 8.2(b)(i) through (ix) of the Indenture on that Payment Date or (B) on a Payment Date after the Collection Period
during which the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of Default, the amount required to cover any
shortfall in payment under Sections 8.2(d)(i) through (xiii) of the Indenture on that Payment Date;

(iv)fourth, to the Reserve Account, any amount required for the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account to equal the Required
Reserve Amount, unless the Payment Date is on or after the Final Scheduled Payment Date for the Class D Notes or after the Collection
Period during which the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of Default;

(v)fifth, to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, (A) on a Payment Date other than an Exchange Note Redemption Date or a Payment
Date after the Collection Period during which the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of

5

Default, an amount
equal to the Exchange Note Principal Payment Amount less payments of principal made in Section 5.1(a)(iii), until the Exchange Note Balance
has been reduced to zero, (B) on the Exchange Note Redemption Date, an amount equal to the Exchange Note Balance or (C) on a Payment
Date after the Collection Period during which the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of Default, to reduce
the Exchange Note Balance to zero;

(vi)sixth, to be applied as Shared Amounts on any other Exchange Note for which an Exchange Note Event of Default described
in Sections 6.4(a)(i) or (ii) of the Credit and Security Agreement has occurred and is continuing (and, if there is more than one Exchange
Note in default, the amounts applied under this clause (vi) will be allocated as Shared Amounts among all Exchange Notes in default pro
rata based on their respective Exchange Note Balances); and

(vii)seventh, all remaining amounts, to be distributed to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder as Excess Exchange Note Amounts; provided
that if the Sponsor, the Servicer or any of their Affiliates (other than the Issuer) is the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, all remaining
amounts to be applied as Revolving Facility Pool Additional Amounts in the priority stated in Section 7.2 of the Credit and Security
Agreement.

(b)Payments to Exchange Noteholder. All amounts payable to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder under this Section 5.1 will be deposited
by the Indenture Trustee in the Collection Account.

(c)Distributions Following Acceleration. If the 2025-A Exchange Note is accelerated due to an Exchange Note Event of Default,
all funds available for distribution under Section 5.1(a) will be paid, first, to the Collateral Agent and, second, to the Administrative
Agent, in each case, to the extent of any amounts due under Section 8.6 of the Credit and Security Agreement relating to the 2025-A Exchange
Note or the 2025-A Reference Pool, if those amounts have not been paid by the Borrowers, before making payments under Section 5.1(a).

ARTICLE
VI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
6.1.Annual Certificate of Compliance. Each Borrower
will deliver to the Administrative Agent within 90 days after the end of each year, starting in the year after the Closing Date, an Officers
Certificate signed by a Responsible Person of the Borrower, stating that (a) a review of the Borrowers activities during the prior year
and of its performance under this Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement relating to the 2025-A Exchange Note has been made
under the Responsible Persons supervision and (b) to the Responsible Persons knowledge, based on the review, the Borrower has fulfilled
in all material respects its obligations under this Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement relating to the 2025-A Exchange Note
throughout the prior year or, if there has been a failure to fulfill any obligation in any material respect, stating each failure
known to the Responsible Person and the nature and status of the failure. A copy of the Officers Certificate may be obtained by any Exchange
Noteholder by request to the Administrative Agent at its Corporate Trust Office. The Borrowers obligation to

6

deliver an Officers Certificate
under this Section 6.1 will terminate on the payment in full of the Exchange Note.

Section
6.2.No Petition. Each party and the 2025-A Exchange
Noteholder, by accepting the 2025-A Exchange Note, agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable
preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b)
all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue
against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor
or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings
under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 6.2 will survive the termination of this Supplement.

Section
6.3.Tax Information. Each year, starting in the year
after the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will deliver or cause to be delivered to each Person who at any time during the prior calendar
year was an Exchange Noteholder of record, a statement containing the information required to be given to a noteholder by an issuer of
indebtedness, in the form and at the time required under the Code.

Section
6.4.Conflict with Credit and Security Agreement. If
there is a conflict between this Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement, this Supplement will govern for the 2025-A Exchange
Note only.

ARTICLE
VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
7.1.Amendments. This Supplement may be amended according
to Section 10.1 of the Credit and Security Agreement. Promptly on the execution of an amendment to this Supplement or the Credit and Security
Agreement, (a) the Servicer will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Rating
Agencies and (b) the Indenture Trustee will notify each Noteholder of the substance of the amendment.

Section
7.2.Benefit of this Supplement. This Supplement is
for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties to this Supplement and their permitted successors and assigns. The 2025-A Exchange
Noteholder, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties will be third-party beneficiaries of this
Supplement and may enforce this Supplement against the Borrowers. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Supplement.

Section
7.3.Governing Law.
THIS SUPPLEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCEPT THAT, UNDER SECTION 3809 OF TITLE 12 OF THE DELAWARE CODE, THE
DOCTRINE OF MERGER WILL NOT BE APPLICABLE TO THIS SUPPLEMENT. 

Section
7.4.Severability. If a part of this Supplement is
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Supplement and will in no way affect the validity,
legality or enforceability of the remaining Supplement.

7

Section
7.5.Headings. The headings in this Supplement are
included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Supplement.

Section
7.6.Counterparts. This Supplement may be executed
in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and the counterparts will together be one document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

8

EXECUTED BY:

CAB EAST LLC,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

CAB WEST LLC,

as a Borrower

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Lender and as Servicer

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: Assistant Treasurer

[Signature
Page to Exchange Note Supplement]

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

HTD LEASING LLC,

as Collateral Agent

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity,

but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano 

Name: Jennifer Napolitano 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature
Page to Exchange Note Supplement]

Schedule A

Leases
and Leased Vehicles in 2025-A Reference Pool

(On File with Collateral Agent)

SA-1

Appendix 1 to

Exchange Note Supplement

Usage and Definitions

(2025-A)

Usage

The following usage rules apply to this Appendix,
any document that incorporates this Appendix and any document delivered under any such document:

(a) The
term document includes any document, agreement, instrument, certificate, notice, report, statement or other writing, whether
in electronic or physical form.

(b) Accounting
terms not defined or not completely defined in this Appendix will have the meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting
principles, international financial reporting standards or other applicable accounting principles in effect in the United States on the
date of the document that incorporates this Appendix.

(c) References
to Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule, Appendix or another subdivision of
or to an attachment are, unless otherwise stated, to an article, section, exhibit, schedule, appendix or subdivision of or an attachment
to the document in which the reference appears.

(d) Any
document defined or referred to in this Appendix or in any document that incorporates this Appendix means the document as amended, modified,
supplemented, restated or replaced, including by waiver or consent, and includes all attachments to and instruments incorporated in the
document.

(e) Any
statute defined or referred to in this Appendix or in any document that incorporates this Appendix means the statute as amended, modified,
supplemented, restated or replaced, including by succession of comparable successor statute, and includes any rules and regulations under
the statute and any judicial and administrative interpretations of the statute.

(f) References
to law or applicable law in this Appendix or in any document that incorporates this Appendix include all rules
and regulations enacted under such law.

(g) The
calculation of any amount as of the Cutoff Date will be determined as of the open of business on that day before the application or processing
of any funds, payments and other transactions on that day. The calculation of any amount for any other day will be determined, unless
otherwise stated, as of the close of business on that day after the application or processing of any funds, payments and other transactions
on that day.

(h) References
to deposits, transfers and payments of any funds refer to deposits, transfers or payments of such funds in immediately available funds.

AA-1

(i) The
terms defined in this Appendix apply to the singular and plural forms of those terms and may be used as nouns or verbs. Terms defined
in the present tense may be used in the past or future tense.

(j) The
term including means including without limitation.

(k) References
to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns, whether in its individual or representative capacity.

(l) In
the computation of periods of time from one date to or through a later date, the word from means from and including,
the word to means to but excluding and the word through means to and including.

(m) Except
where not less than zero or similar language is indicated, amounts determined by reference to a mathematical formula may be
positive or negative.

(n) References
to a month, quarter or year are, unless otherwise stated, to a calendar month, calendar quarter or calendar year, respectively.

(o) No
Person will be deemed to have knowledge of a particular event or occurrence for purposes of any document that incorporates
this Appendix, unless either (i) a Responsible Person of the Person has actual knowledge of the event or occurrence or (ii) the Person
has received notice of the event or occurrence according to any Transaction Document.

Definitions

2025-A Collections means, for
the Leases and Leased Vehicles allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool and a Collection Period, the sum of the following amounts for the
Collection Period, without duplication:

(a) Active Lease Proceeds; minus

(b) Payaheads; plus

(c) Payahead Draws; plus

(d) Active Lease Advances; minus

(e) Advance Reimbursement Amounts (to the extent retained by the Servicer under Section 4.4(b) of the Servicing Supplement); plus

(f) Terminating Lease Proceeds; plus

(g) Closed Lease Proceeds; plus

(h) Payment Extension Fees.

AA-2

2025-A Exchange Note means the
note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Credit and Security Agreement, executed and authenticated according to the Credit
and Security Agreement and the Exchange Note Supplement.

2025-A Exchange Noteholder means
the Issuer, as endorsee of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

2025-A Reference Pool has the
meaning stated in Section 3.1(a) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Account Control Agreement means
the Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, among the Issuer, as grantor, the Indenture Trustee, as secured party, and
the Financial Institution.

Accrued Note Interest means,
for a Class of Notes and a Payment Date, the sum of the Note Monthly Interest and the Note Interest Shortfall.

Active Lease means a Lease before
the Collection Period that includes its Termination Date.

Active Lease Advance means,
for an Active Lease other than an Advance Payment Plan Lease and a Collection Period, an advance by the Servicer in an amount (not less
than zero) equal to (a) the Base Payment, minus (b) the sum of (i) Active Lease Proceeds, plus (ii) the Payahead Draw.

Active Lease Proceeds means,
for an Active Lease and a Collection Period, an amount equal to:

(a) amounts applied on the Active Lease; minus

(b) local fees and taxes; minus

(c) Lease Administration Amounts; minus

(d) the sum of (i) amounts paid by the Servicer that are charged to the account of the related Lessee (including collection expenses),
plus (ii) amounts paid to third parties for the repossession, transportation, reconditioning and disposition of the related Leased
Vehicle, plus (iii) amounts refunded to the Lessee.

Administration Agreement means
the Administration Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, between Ford Credit, as Administrator, and the Issuer.

Administration Fee means, for
a Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the product of (i) one-twelfth of 0.01%, times (ii) the Note Balance determined
as of the end of the prior Collection Period (or the Closing Date for the first Payment Date), plus (b) the part of the Administration
Fee for the prior Payment Date that was not paid on that Payment Date.

AA-3

Administrative Reallocation
means the reallocation of a Lease and Leased Vehicle by (a) the Sponsor under Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, (b)
the Depositor under Section 3.3 of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement or (c) the Servicer under Section 3.3 of the Servicing Supplement.

Administrative Reallocation Amount
means, for an Administrative Reallocation and a Payment Date, an amount for the related Lease and Leased Vehicle equal to the sum of the
following amounts and determined as of the last day of the Collection Period before the Collection Period related to the Payment Date:

(a) the Securitization Value; plus

(b) the Advance Balance; minus

(c) the Payahead Balance; minus

(d) the sum of any Terminating Lease Proceeds and Closed Lease Proceeds.

Administrator means Ford Credit,
in its capacity as administrator under the Administration Agreement.

ADR Organization means The American
Arbitration Association or, if The American Arbitration Association no longer exists or if its ADR Rules would no longer permit mediation
or arbitration, as applicable, of the dispute, another nationally recognized mediation or arbitration organization selected by the Sponsor.

ADR Rules means the relevant
rules of the ADR Organization for mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding arbitration, as applicable, of commercial disputes
in effect at the time of the mediation or arbitration.

Advance Balance means, for a
Lease:

(a) as of the Cutoff Date, the Cutoff Date Delinquency Amount; and

(b) for a Collection Period, the sum of:

(i) the Advance Balance for the prior Collection Period (or, for the first Collection Period, as of the Cutoff Date); plus

(ii) any Active Lease Advance for the Collection Period; minus

(iii) any Advance Reimbursement Amount for the Collection Period.

Advance Reimbursement Amount
has the meaning stated in Section 4.4(b) of the Servicing Supplement.

ALG MTM Residual Value means,
for a Lease, the expected value of the related Leased Vehicle at the related Scheduled Lease End Date, as forecasted by Automotive Lease
Guide after the beginning of the Lease.

AA-4

ALG Residual Value means,
for a Lease, the expected value of the related Leased Vehicle at the related Scheduled Lease End Date, calculated using the residual
factors supplied by Automotive Lease Guide in effect as of the date the related Lease was originated.

Applicable Tax State means the
State in which the Owner Trustee maintains its Corporate Trust Office, the State in which the Owner Trustee maintains its principal executive
offices and the State of Michigan.

Asset Representations Review Agreement
means the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, among the Issuer, the Servicer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer.

Asset Representations Reviewer
means Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Authenticating Agent has the
meaning stated in Section 2.14(a) of the Indenture.

Available Funds means, for a Payment
Date, the amounts received for the Payment Date by the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder under Section 5.1 of the Exchange Note Supplement (including
the Exchange Note Purchase Price).

Bank Accounts means the Exchange
Note Collection Account, the Collection Account and the Reserve Account.

Base Residual Value means, for
a Lease, the lower of (a) the Contract Residual Value of the Lease and (b)(i) the ALG Residual Value of the related Leased Vehicle or
(ii) if the Servicer does not have an ALG Residual Value, the oldest ALG MTM Residual Value that the Servicer has for the related Leased
Vehicle.

Benchmark means (a) initially,
SOFR and (b) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current
Benchmark, the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Determination Date
means (a) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Date and (b) if the Benchmark is any other rate, the date determined by the
Issuer according to Section 3.19(c)(ii) of the Indenture.

Benchmark Replacement means
the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a) the sum of (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(b) the sum of (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been
selected by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

AA-5

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or

(b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
that has been selected by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement.

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions
of Benchmark Determination Date, Interest Period, and Reference Time, the timing and frequency of
determining rates, the process of making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors and other administrative matters) that the
Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably
necessary).

Benchmark Replacement Date means:

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving
rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on a Benchmark Determination Date, but earlier than the Reference Time for that Benchmark
Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark Transition Event means
the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently
or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that
will continue to provide the Benchmark;

AA-6

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator
that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that
the Benchmark is no longer representative of the underlying market or economic reality or may no longer be used.

Book-Entry Note means a beneficial
interest in a Note issued in book-entry form under Section 2.12 of the Indenture.

Calculation Agent has the meaning
stated in Section 3.19 of the Indenture.

Certificate of Trust means the
Certificate of Trust of Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A.

Class means the Class A-1 Notes,
the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes or the Class
D Notes, as applicable.

Class A Notes means the Class
A-1 Notes, the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes.

Class A-1 Notes means the $181,800,000
Class A-1 Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class A-2 Notes means the Class
A-2a Notes and the Class A-2b Notes, collectively.

Class A-2a Notes means the $245,000,000
Class A-2a Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class A-2b Notes means the $249,600,000
Class A-2b Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class A-3 Notes means the $494,600,000
Class A-3 Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class A-4 Notes means the $79,000,000
Class A-4 Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class B Notes means the $56,180,000
Class B Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class C Notes means the $70,220,000
Class C Notes issued by the Issuer.

Class D Notes means the $74,910,000
Class D Notes issued by the Issuer.

AA-7

Clearing Agency means an organization
registered as a clearing agency under Section 17A of the Exchange Act.

Closed Date means, for a Lease,
the earliest of the date:

(a) on which the Lease is marked as paid in full (meaning that the related Lessee owes no further amounts) or closed in the Servicers
receivables system (including where the Lease is charged off by the Servicer); and

(b) that is the first day of the sixth month after the month that includes its Termination Date.

Closed Lease means a Lease after
the Collection Period that includes its Closed Date.

Closed Lease Proceeds means,
for a Closed Lease and a Collection Period, an amount equal to:

(a) amounts applied on the Closed Lease; minus

(b) local fees and taxes; minus

(c) Lease Administration Amounts; minus

(d) the sum of (i) amounts paid by the Servicer that are charged to the account of the related Lessee (including collection expenses),
plus (ii) amounts paid to third parties for the repossession, transportation, reconditioning and disposition of the related Leased
Vehicle, plus (iii) amounts refunded to the Lessee.

Closing Date means January 27,
2025.

Co-Trustee means each of the
Owner Trustee and the Delaware Trustee.

Collateral means (a) the Trust
Property, (b) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action relating to the property described above and
(c) all payments on or under and all proceeds of the property described above.

Collection Account means the
account established under Section 4.1(a) of the Servicing Supplement.

Collection Period means each
month, starting with the Cutoff Date. For a Payment Date, the related Collection Period means the Collection Period before the Payment
Date.

Controlling Class means (a)
the Outstanding Class A Notes, (b) if no Class A Notes are Outstanding, the Outstanding Class B Notes, (c) if no Class B Notes are Outstanding,
the Outstanding Class C Notes and (d) if no Class C Notes are Outstanding, the Outstanding Class D Notes.

AA-8

Corporate Trust Office means,

(a) for the Owner Trustee:

The Bank of New York Mellon,

as Owner Trustee

240 Greenwich Street, Floor 7 East

New York, New York 10286

Attention: Global Client Services Asset Backed Services

Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

Telephone: (212) 815-8159

Fax: (212) 815-3883

or at another address that the Owner Trustee may notify the
Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Depositor,

(b) for the Delaware Trustee:

BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware,

as Delaware Trustee

301 Bellevue Parkway, 3rd Floor

Wilmington, Delaware 19809

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Telephone: (302) 791-3610

Fax: (302) 791-3625

or at another address in the State of Delaware that the Delaware
Trustee may notify the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Depositor, and

(c) for the Indenture Trustee:

(i)for purposes of Section 3.2 of the Indenture:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

100 Wall Street, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10005

Attention: Bond Drop Window

(ii)for all other purposes:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

190 South LaSalle Street, 7th Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60603

Attention: Global Structured Finance
- Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

Telephone: (312) 332-7496

Email: jennifer.napolitano@usbank.com
and melissa.rosal@usbank.com

AA-9

or at another address that the Indenture Trustee may notify
the Owner Trustee and the Administrator.

Corresponding Tenor means, with
respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment)
as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.

Cutoff Date has the meaning
stated in Section 2.2(a)(v) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Cutoff Date Delinquency Amount
means, for a Lease other than an Advance Payment Plan Lease, the portion of the Base Payment that is due on or before the Cutoff Date
and that has not been applied on the Lease on or before the Cutoff Date.

Cutoff Date Payahead Amount
means, for a Lease other than an Advance Payment Plan Lease, an amount (not less than zero) equal to the aggregate Base Payments applied
on the Lease minus the aggregate scheduled Base Payments, in each case, on or before the Cutoff Date.

Default means an event that
with notice or the passage of time or both would become an Event of Default.

Definitive Note has the meaning
stated in Section 2.13 of the Indenture.

Delaware Statutory Trust Act
means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code.

Delaware Trustee means BNY Mellon
Trust of Delaware, a Delaware banking corporation, not in its individual capacity but solely as Delaware Trustee under the Trust Agreement.

Delinquency Trigger means, for
any Collection Period that the Notes are Outstanding, that the aggregate Securitization Value of Leases in the 2025-A Reference Pool that
are more than 60 days Delinquent as a percentage of the aggregate Securitization Value of the Leases in the 2025-A Reference Pool as of
the last day of the Collection Period exceeds 0.45% for the Collection Period.

Delinquent means a Lease on
which more than a specified amount of a Base Payment required to be paid by the Lessee is past due (currently $49.99, although such amount
may change from time to time as provided in Ford Credits Servicing Procedures, but will not exceed 15.00% of the scheduled payment required
to be paid by the Lessee).

Depositor means Ford Credit
Auto Lease Two LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Depository Agreement means the
letter of representations for the Notes, dated January 27, 2025, by the Issuer for the benefit of The Depository Trust Company.

Event of Default has the meaning
stated in Section 5.1(a) of the Indenture.

AA-10

Excess Exchange Note Amounts
means any amounts distributed to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder under Section 5.1(a)(vii) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

Exchange Note Available Funds
means, for a Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of the following amounts for the Payment Date:

(a) the 2025-A Collections;

(b) any Administrative Reallocation Amounts;

(c) the Exchange Note Purchase Price, if any; and

(d) the Reserve Account Draw Amount, if any.

Exchange Note Balance means
the Exchange Note Initial Principal Balance, as reduced by amounts paid as principal on the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section 5.1 of
the Exchange Note Supplement.

Exchange Note Collection Account
means the account established under Section 4.1(a) of the Servicing Supplement.

Exchange Note Final Scheduled Payment
Date has the meaning stated in Section 2.2(a)(viii) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Exchange Note Initial Principal Balance
has the meaning stated in Section 2.2(a)(iii) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Exchange Note Interest Payment Amount
means, for a Payment Date, the sum of the Exchange Note Monthly Interest and the Exchange Note Interest Shortfall.

Exchange Note Interest Period
means, for a Payment Date, from the prior Payment Date to the Payment Date (or from the Exchange Note Issuance Date for the first Payment
Date).

Exchange Note Interest Rate
has the meaning stated in Section 2.2(a)(vi) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

Exchange Note Interest Shortfall
means, for a Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess of the Exchange Note Interest Payment Amount for the prior Payment Date over
the amount of interest that was paid to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder on the prior Payment Date, together with interest on that
excess amount, if lawful, at the Exchange Note Interest Rate for the related Exchange Note Interest Period.

Exchange Note Issuance Date
has the meaning stated in Section 2.2(a)(i) of the Exchange Note Supplement.

AA-11

Exchange Note Monthly Interest
means, for a Payment Date, the aggregate amount of interest accrued on the Exchange Note Balance of the 2025-A Exchange Note at the Exchange
Note Interest Rate for the related Exchange Note Interest Period.

Exchange Note Principal Payment Amount
means, for a Payment Date, the lesser of (a) an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Note Balance of the Notes (or, if the
Issuer is no longer the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, as endorsee, the Exchange Note Balance) as of the prior Payment Date (or, for the
first Payment Date, as of the Closing Date) over (ii)(A) the Pool Balance as of the end of the related Collection Period minus
(B) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount and (b) the Exchange Note Balance.

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement
means the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, between Ford Credit, as seller, and the Depositor, as purchaser.

Exchange Note Purchase Date
means the Payment Date on which the Exchange Note Purchase Price is paid.

Exchange Note Purchase Price
means, for an Exchange Note Purchase Date, an amount equal to the sum of:

(a) the
sum of:

(i) the Exchange Note Balance as of the Exchange Note Purchase Date (without giving effect to payments of principal to be made on that
date); plus

(ii) the Exchange Note Interest Payment Amount payable on the Exchange Note Purchase Date; minus

(b) the
amount in the Exchange Note Collection Account for the related Collection Period minus any net investment earnings.

Exchange Note Redemption Date
means the Payment Date stated by the Servicer for the purchase of the 2025-A Exchange Note under Section 6.1 of the Servicing Supplement.

Exchange Note Sale Agreement
means the Exchange Note Sale Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, between the Depositor, as seller, and the Issuer, as purchaser.

Exchange Note Supplement means
the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, to the Credit and Security Agreement.

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website
means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind,
or at such other page as may replace such page on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

AA-12

Final Scheduled Payment Date
means, for each Class of Notes, the Payment Date stated below:

Class Final Scheduled Payment Date

Class A-1 Notes February 15, 2026

Class A-2a Notes August 15, 2027

Class A-2b Notes August 15, 2027

Class A-3 Notes June 15, 2028

Class A-4 Notes February 15, 2029

Class B Notes February 15, 2029

Class C Notes February 15, 2029

Class D Notes October 15, 2029

Financial Institution means
U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as both a securities intermediary
as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC and a bank as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC under the Account Control Agreement
and Titling Company Account Control Agreement.

First Priority Principal Payment
means, for a Payment Date, the greater of:

(a) an amount (not less than zero) equal to the Note Balance of the Class A Notes as of the prior Payment Date (or, for the first Payment
Date, the Closing Date) minus the total Securitization Value as of the end of the related Collection Period; and

(b) on and after the Final Scheduled Payment Date for the Class A Notes, the Note Balance of the Class A Notes.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings,
Inc.

Floating Rate Notes means the
Class A-2b Notes.

Indemnified Person has the meaning
stated in Section 6.7(c) of the Indenture, Section 5.2(b) of the Servicing Supplement and Section 7.2(a) of the Trust Agreement, in each
case, as used in such document.

Indenture means the Indenture,
dated as of the Cutoff Date, between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.

Indenture Trustee means U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee
under the Indenture.

Independent means that the relevant
Person (a) is independent of the Issuer, the Depositor and their Affiliates, (b) does not have a direct financial interest or a material
indirect financial interest in the Issuer, the Depositor or their Affiliates and (c) is not an officer, employee, underwriter, trustee,
partner, director or person performing similar functions of or for the Issuer, the Depositor or their Affiliates.

AA-13

Independent Certificate means
a certificate or opinion to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee under Section 11.4 of the Indenture, signed by an Independent appraiser
or other expert appointed by an Issuer Order and approved by the Indenture Trustee, and stating that the signer has read the definition
of Independent and that the signer is Independent.

Initial Pool Balance means $1,560,551,390.55,
which is the aggregate Securitization Value of the Leases as of the Cutoff Date.

Interest Period means, for a
Payment Date, (a) for the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2b Notes, from the prior Payment Date to the Payment Date (or from the Closing
Date to February 18, 2025, for the first Payment Date) and (b) for each other Class of Notes, from the 15th day of the month before the
Payment Date to the 15th day of the month in which the Payment Date occurs (or from the Closing Date to February 15, 2025 for the first
Payment Date).

Investor Rate means 9.40%.

Issuer means Ford Credit Auto
Lease Trust 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust.

Issuer Order and Issuer
Request have the meanings stated in Section 11.4(a) of the Indenture.

Lease means, for the 2025-A
Reference Pool, a Lease identified as a 2025-A Lease in the Schedule of Leases and allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool,
excluding each Lease (a) for which the Administrative Reallocation Amount has been paid by the Sponsor, the Depositor or the Servicer
or (b) that was a charged-off Lease sold under Section 3.3(g) of the Servicing Agreement during a prior Collection Period.

Lease Administration Amounts
means, for a Lease and a Collection Period, administrative amounts and charges due from the related Lessee in the Collection Period, including:

(a) late fees, returned check fees and other administrative fees or similar charges allowed by applicable law; and

(b) amounts to reimburse the Servicer for payment of the related Lessees parking tickets, other fines imposed by governmental authorities
and other amounts required to be paid by the Lessee that are paid by the Servicer;

but excluding, Payment Extension Fees, Excess Wear and Use,
Excess Mileage and amounts required to be paid by the related Lessee on an early termination of the Lease.

Monthly Deposit Required Ratings
has the meaning stated in Section 4.3(b) of the Servicing Supplement.

Monthly Investor Report has
the meaning stated in Section 3.4(a) of the Servicing Supplement.

AA-14

Moodys means Moodys Investors
Service, Inc.

Note Balance means, for a Note
or Class of Notes, the initial aggregate principal amount of the Note or Class of Notes minus amounts paid as principal on the
Note or Class of Notes.

Note Interest Rate means, for
each Class of Notes, the interest rate per annum specified below (except that the Note Interest Rate for any Floating Rate Notes will
not be less than 0.00%):

Class Note Interest Rate

Class A-1 Notes 4.425%

Class A-2a Notes 4.57%

Class A-2b Notes 30-day average SOFR + 0.41%

Class A-3 Notes 4.72%

Class A-4 Notes 4.78%

Class B Notes 4.96%

Class C Notes 0.00%

Class D Notes 0.00%

Note Interest Shortfall means,
for a Class of Notes and a Payment Date, an amount equal to the excess of the Accrued Note Interest for the prior Payment Date for the
Class over the amount of interest that was paid to the Noteholders of the Class on the prior Payment Date, together with interest
on that excess amount, if lawful, at the Note Interest Rate for the Class for the related Interest Period.

Note Monthly Interest means,
for a Class of Notes and a Payment Date, the aggregate amount of interest accrued on the Note Balance of that Class at the Note Interest
Rate for the Class for the related Interest Period.

Note Owner means, for a Book-Entry
Note, the Person who is the beneficial owner of a Book-Entry Note as reflected on the books of the Clearing Agency or on the books of
a Person maintaining an account with the Clearing Agency (as a direct participant or as an indirect participant, under the rules of the
Clearing Agency).

Note Paying Agent means the
Indenture Trustee and any other Person appointed as Note Paying Agent under Section 2.15 of the Indenture.

Note Pool Factor means, for
a Class of Notes and a Payment Date, a seven-digit decimal figure equal to the Note Balance of the Class after giving effect to payments
of principal of the Class on the Payment Date divided by the initial Note Balance of the Class.

Note Redemption Price means,
for the Redemption Date, an amount equal to the sum of:

(a) the Note Balance as of the Redemption Date; plus

(b) the Accrued Note Interest payable on the Redemption Date.

Note Register and Note
Registrar have the meanings stated in Section 2.4(a) of the Indenture.

AA-15

Noteholder means the Person
in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register.

Notes means the Class A-1 Notes,
the Class A-2a Notes, the Class A-2b Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class
D Notes, collectively.

Officers Certificate means,
for a Person, a certificate signed by a Responsible Person of the Person.

Opinion of Counsel means a written
opinion of counsel, which counsel is reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee, as applicable.

Other Assets means any assets
(other than the Trust Property) sold, assigned or conveyed or intended to be sold, assigned or conveyed by the Depositor to any Person
other than the Issuer, whether by way of a sale, capital contribution, pledge or otherwise.

Other Borrower Assets has the
meaning stated in Section 11.2(a) of the Indenture.

Other Borrower Liabilities has
the meaning stated in Section 11.2(a) of the Indenture.

Outstanding means, for the Notes
as of any date, all Notes authenticated and delivered under the Indenture on or before that date except (a) Notes that have been cancelled
by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation, (b) Notes to the extent the amount necessary to pay the Notes
has been deposited with the Indenture Trustee or Note Paying Agent in trust for the Noteholders and, if those Notes are to be redeemed,
notice of the redemption has been given under the Indenture and (c) Notes in exchange for or in place of which other Notes have been authenticated
and delivered under the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that the Notes are held by a bona fide
purchaser. In determining whether Noteholders of the required Note Balance have made or given a request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent or waiver under any Transaction Document, Notes owned by the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer or their Affiliates will
be considered not to be Outstanding. However, Notes owned by the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer or their Affiliates will be considered
to be Outstanding if (A) no other Notes remain Outstanding or (B) the Notes have been pledged in good faith and the pledgee establishes
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee the pledgees right to act for the Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer,
the Depositor, the Servicer or their Affiliates.

Owner Trustee means The Bank
of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement.

Payahead means, for an Active
Lease and a Collection Period, an amount (not less than zero) equal to (i) the Active Lease Proceeds for the Collection Period, minus
(ii) the sum of (A) the Base Payment for the Collection Period (or, for an Advance Payment Plan Lease, zero) plus (B) the Advance
Balance for the prior Collection Period.

Payahead Balance means, for
a Lease:

(a) as of the Cutoff Date, the Cutoff Date Payahead Amount; and

AA-16

(b) for a Collection Period, the sum of:

(i) the Payahead Balance for the prior Collection Period (or, for the first Collection Period, as of the Cutoff Date); plus

(ii) the Payahead for the Collection Period; minus

(iii) the Payahead Draw for the Collection Period.

Payahead Draw means, for a Lease
and a Collection Period, an amount equal to:

(a) for a Collection Period before the Collection Period that includes its Termination Date, the lesser of:

(i) an amount (not less than zero) equal to the Base Payment (or, for an Advance Payment Plan Lease, zero), minus the Active Lease
Proceeds; and

(ii) the Payahead Balance for the Lease for the prior Collection Period (or, for the first Collection Period, as of the Cutoff Date); and

(b) for a Collection Period that includes its Termination Date or in which its Administrative Reallocation occurs, the Payahead Balance
for the Lease for the prior Collection Period (or, for the first Collection Period, as of the Cutoff Date).

Payment Date means the 15th
day of a month, or, if not a Business Day, the next Business Day, starting in the first full month after the Closing Date. For a Collection
Period, the related Payment Date means the Payment Date following the end of the Collection Period.

Permitted Investments means
book-entry securities, negotiable instruments or securities represented by instruments in bearer or registered form that evidence:

(a) direct non-callable obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to timely payment by, the United States;

(b) demand deposits, time deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of any depository institution or trust company (i)
incorporated under the laws of the United States or any State or any United States branch or agency of a foreign bank, (ii) subject to
supervision and examination by federal or State banking or depository institution authorities and (iii) that at the time the investment
or contractual commitment to invest is made, the commercial paper or other short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than obligations
with a rating based on the credit of a Person other than the depository institution or trust company) of the depository institution or
trust company have the Required Rating;

(c) commercial paper, including asset-backed commercial paper, having, at the time the investment or contractual commitment to invest
is made, the Required Rating;

AA-17

(d) investments in money market funds having, at the time the investment or contractual commitment to invest is made, a rating in the
highest investment grade category from each of Fitch, if rated by Fitch, Moodys and Standard & Poors (including funds for which
the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee or any of their Affiliates is investment manager or advisor);

(e) repurchase obligations for any security that is a direct non-callable obligation of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States or
any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States,
in either case entered into with a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in clause (b) above; and

(f) any other investment that is acceptable to each Rating Agency.

Permitted Lien means a tax,
mechanics or other Lien that attaches by operation of law, or any security interest of the Depositor in the Purchased Property under
the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, the Issuer in the Sold Property under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement or the Indenture Trustee
in the Collateral under the Indenture.

Pool Balance means, for the
2025-A Reference Pool as of any date, the sum of the Securitization Values of the Leases.

Purchased Property means (a)
the 2025-A Exchange Note, (b) all amounts paid or due on the 2025-A Exchange Note on or after the Cutoff Date, (c) Ford Credits rights
under the Credit and Security Agreement, the Exchange Note Supplement, the Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Supplement related to
the 2025-A Exchange Note, (d) all present and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action relating to any of the property
described above and (e) all payments on or under and all proceeds of the property described above.

QIB has the meaning stated in
Section 2.6(c)(ii) of the Indenture.

Qualified
Institution means (a) a bank or depository institution organized under the laws of the United States or any State or any United
States branch or agency of a foreign bank or depository institution that (i) is subject to supervision and examination by federal or State
banking authorities, (ii) has a short-term deposit or debt rating of F1 from Fitch and P-1 from Moodys, (iii)
if the institution holds any Bank Accounts other than as segregated trust accounts and the deposits are to be held in the accounts more
than 30 days, has a long-term unsecured debt rating or issuer rating of at least A from Fitch, and (iv) if the institution
is organized under the laws of the United States, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or (b) the
corporate trust department of any bank or depository institution organized under the laws of the United States or any State or any United
States branch or agency of a foreign bank or depository institution that is subject to supervision and examination by federal or State
banking authorities that (x) is authorized under those laws to act as a trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity, (y) establishes trust
accounts in accordance with Title 12 C.F.R. 9.10(b), or substantively identical regulations, and (z) has a long-term deposit
rating of at least Baa3 from Moodys.

Rating Agency means Fitch and
Moodys.

AA-18

Rating Agency Condition means,
for an action or request and a Rating Agency, the satisfaction of either of the following conditions, according to the then-current policies
of the Rating Agency for that action or request:

(a) the Rating Agency has notified the Depositor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee in writing that the proposed
action or request will not result in a downgrade or withdrawal of its then current rating on any of the Notes; or

(b) the Issuer has given ten Business Days prior notice to the Rating Agency and the Rating Agency has not notified the Depositor, the
Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee before the end of the ten-day period that the action will result in a downgrade
or withdrawal of its then current rating on any of the Notes.

Reallocation Request has the
meaning stated in Section 3.4(a) of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement.

Record Date means, for a Payment
Date and a Book-Entry Note, the close of business on the day before the Payment Date and, for a Payment Date and a Definitive Note, the
last day of the month before the month in which the Payment Date occurs.

Recoveries means, for a Terminating
Lease or Closed Lease and a Collection Period, an amount equal to:

(a) amounts applied on the Lease after the date the Lease is marked as closed in the Servicers receivables system (including where the
Lease is charged off by the Servicer); minus

(b) local fees and taxes; minus

(c) Lease Administration Amounts; minus

(d) the sum of (i) amounts paid by the Servicer that are charged to the account of the related Lessee (including collection expenses),
plus (ii) amounts paid to third parties for the repossession, transportation, reconditioning and disposition of the related Leased
Vehicle, plus (iii) amounts refunded to the related Lessee.

Redemption Date means the Payment
Date on which the Note Redemption Price is paid.

Reference Pool Servicing Fee
has the meaning stated in Section 3.10(a)(i) of the Servicing Supplement.

Reference Time means, for an
Interest Period, (a) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the Benchmark Determination Date, and (b) if the Benchmark
is a rate other than SOFR, the time on the Benchmark Determination Date determined by the Issuer according to Section 3.19(c)(ii) of the
Indenture.

Registered Noteholder means
the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register on the Record Date.

AA-19

Regular Principal Payment means:

(a) for a Payment Date that is not the Redemption Date, the greater of:

(i) an amount (not less than zero) equal to:

(A) (1) the aggregate Note Balance of the Notes as of the prior Payment Date (or, for the first Payment Date, the Closing Date) minus
(2) the total Securitization Value as of the end of the related Collection Period minus the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount;
minus

(B) the sum of the First Priority Principal Payment, the Second Priority Principal Payment and the Third Priority Principal Payment; and

(ii) on and after the Final Scheduled Payment Date of the Class D Notes, the Note Balance of the Class D Notes; and

(b) for the Redemption Date, the Note Redemption Price.

Regulation AB means Regulation
AB under the Securities Act.

Regulation RR means Regulation
RR under the Exchange Act (17 C.F.R. 246.1, et seq.).

Relevant Governmental Body means
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

Requesting Party has the meaning
specified in Section 3.4(a) of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement.

Required Rating means, for short-term
unsecured debt obligations, a rating of (a) F1 from Fitch and (b) P-1 from Moodys.

Required Reserve Amount means,
$3,901,378.48, which is at least 0.25% of the Initial Pool Balance.

Reserve Account means the account
established under Section 4.1(a) of the Servicing Supplement.

Reserve Account Draw Amount
means, for a Payment Date, the lesser of:

(a) an amount (not less than zero) equal to (i) the sum of the payments required to be made on the Payment Date under Sections 5.1(a)(i)
through (iii) of the Exchange Note Supplement, minus (ii) the 2025-A Collections for the Payment Date, minus (iii) any Shared
Amounts allocated to the 2025-A Exchange Note for the Payment Date; and

(b) the amount in the Reserve Account minus any net investment earnings.

AA-20

Residual Interest means a beneficial
ownership interest in the Issuer, as recorded on the Trust Register.

Responsible Person means:

(a) for a Borrower or a Titling Company, an Authorized Officer, as stated in Section 4.11(a) of the related Titling Company
LLC Agreement;

(b) for the Depositor, an Authorized Officer, as stated in Section 4.11(a) of the Limited Liability Company Agreement;

(c) for the Administrator, a Responsible Person designated under Section 2.7 of the Administration Agreement;

(d) for the Issuer, an officer in the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee, including a vice president, assistant vice president,
secretary, assistant secretary or another officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the officers listed above
and, for a particular matter, any officer to whom the matter is referred because of the officers knowledge of and familiarity with the
particular subject and, if the Administration Agreement is in effect, a Responsible Person of the Administrator;

(e) for the Servicer, a Responsible Person designated under Section 3.9 of the Servicing Supplement; and

(f) for the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee, an officer in the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee,
the Owner Trustee or the Delaware Trustee, as applicable, including each vice president, assistant vice president, secretary, assistant
secretary or other officer customarily performing functions similar to those performed by those officers listed above, having direct responsibility
for the administration of the Transaction Documents and, for a particular matter, any officer to whom the matter is referred because of
the officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.

Review has the meaning stated
in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Review Demand Date means, for
a Review, the date following the occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger on which the Indenture Trustee determines that the required percentage
of Noteholders has voted to direct a Review under Section 7.2 of the Indenture.

Review Lease means, for a Review,
the Leases 60 or more days Delinquent as of the last day of the Collection Period before the Review Demand Date stated in the Review Notice.

Review Notice means the notice
from the Indenture Trustee to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer that a Review Demand Date has occurred.

Review Report has the meaning
stated in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

AA-21

Rule 144A means Rule 144A under
the Securities Act.

Rule 144A Information has the
meaning stated in Section 2.6(e) of the Indenture.

Rule 144A Note Transfer has
the meaning stated in Section 2.6(b) of the Indenture.

Rule 144A Notes means the Class
C Notes and the Class D Notes.

Schedule of Leases means the
schedule or file listing the Leases attached as Schedule A to the Exchange Note Supplement.

Second Priority Principal Payment
means, for a Payment Date, the greater of:

(a) an amount (not less than zero) equal to the Note Balance of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes as of the prior Payment Date (or,
for the first Payment Date, the Closing Date) minus the total Securitization Value as of the end of the related Collection Period
minus the First Priority Principal Payment; and

(b) on and after the Final Scheduled Payment Date of the Class B Notes, the Note Balance of the Class B Notes.

Secured Parties means the Noteholders.

Securities Account means each
Bank Account subject to the terms of the Account Control Agreement or the Titling Company Account Control Agreement.

Securitization Value means,
for:

(a) an Active Lease and a Collection Period (or the Cutoff Date), the sum of the present values of:

(i) (A) the Base Payments (determined as of the Cutoff Date) remaining after the end of the Collection Period (or as of the Cutoff Date)
or (B) for an Advance Payment Plan Lease, zero; and

(ii) the Base Residual Value;

calculated using a discount rate equal to the higher of the
Contract Rate and the Investor Rate on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months to the beginning of the Collection Period (or
the Cutoff Date) and assuming each amount is received at the end of the Collection Period in which the amount is scheduled to be received
and giving effect to any Payment Extension made on the Active Lease on or before the Cutoff Date;

(b) a Terminating Lease and (i) a Collection Period in which the related Leased Vehicle is sold, zero and (ii) any other Collection Period,
the Base Residual Value; and

(c) a Closed Lease and a Collection Period, zero.

AA-22

Servicing Supplement means the
2025-A Servicing Supplement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, to the Servicing Agreement.

Shared Amounts means, for a
Payment Date and any Exchange Note for which an Exchange Note Event of Default described in Sections 6.4(a)(i) or (ii) of the Credit and
Security Agreement has occurred and is continuing, any shortfall in payment of interest on or principal of that Exchange Note on the Payment
Date (and, if there is more than one Exchange Note having funds available for distribution as Shared Amounts, the Shared Amounts will
be allocated among all such Exchange Notes pro rata based on their respective Exchange Note Balances).

Similar Law means any federal,
State, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

SOFR
means, for any Interest Period, the following rate, as obtained by the Calculation Agent:

(a) the compounded average of the secured overnight financing
rate over a rolling 30-calendar day period, as such rate is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of
the benchmark (or a successor administrator), on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website under 30-Day Average SOFR
at 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the SOFR Determination Date; and

(b) if the rate does not appear on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website, the rate that was published at 3:00 p.m., New York
time, on the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which such rate was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website under
30-Day Average SOFR.

SOFR
Business Day means a business day determined in accordance with the SOFR publication calendar of the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York.

SOFR Determination Date means
the date that is two SOFR Business Days before the first day of the applicable Interest Period.

Sold
Property means (a) the Purchased Property, (b) the Depositors rights under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, (c) all present
and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action relating to any of the property described above and (d) all payments
on or under and all proceeds of the property described above.

Sponsor means Ford Credit.

Standard & Poors means
S&P Global Ratings.

Targeted Overcollateralization Amount
means (a) $152,934,036.27, which is 9.80% of the Initial Pool Balance, for the Cutoff Date and any Payment Date on or before the Floating
Rate Notes are paid in full or (b) $137,328,522.37, which is 8.80% of the Initial Pool Balance, for any Payment Date after the Floating
Rate Notes are paid in full.

AA-23

Terminating Lease means a Lease
from the beginning of the Collection Period that includes its Termination Date through the end of the Collection Period that includes
its Closed Date.

Terminating
Lease Proceeds means, for a Terminating Lease and a Collection Period, an amount equal to:

(a) amounts applied on the Terminating Lease; minus

(b) local fees and taxes; minus

(c) Lease Administration Amounts; minus

(d) the sum of (i) amounts paid by the Servicer that are charged to the account of the related Lessee (including collection expenses),
plus (ii) amounts paid to third parties for the repossession, transportation, reconditioning and disposition of the related Leased
Vehicle, plus (iii) amounts refunded to the Lessee.

Termination Date means, for
a Lease, the earliest of:

(a) its Scheduled Lease End Date, as extended by any Payment Extension granted before the Cutoff Date;

(b) the date the related Leased Vehicle is either:

(i) in the possession of the Servicer or its agent or bailee; or

(ii) purchased by the related Lessee under the Lease or by a Dealer under the Servicing Procedures; and

(c) its Closed Date.

Test Fail has the meaning stated
in the Asset Representations Review Agreement.

Third Priority Principal Payment
means, for a Payment Date, the greater of:

(a) an amount (not less than zero) equal to the Note Balance of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes as of the prior
Payment Date (or, for the first Payment Date, the Closing Date) minus the total Securitization Value as of the end of the related Collection
Period minus the First Priority Principal Payment minus the Second Priority Principal Payment; and

(b) on and after the Final Scheduled Payment Date of the Class C Notes, the Note Balance of the Class C Notes.

Titling Company Account Control Agreement
means the Titling Company Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, among the Titling Companies, as grantors, the Indenture
Trustee, as secured party, and the Financial Institution.

AA-24

Transaction Documents means:

(a) the Basic Documents;

(b)the Trust Agreement;

(c)the Exchange Note Supplement;

(d)the Servicing Supplement;

(e) the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement;

(f)the Exchange Note Sale Agreement;

(g)the Indenture;

(h)the Account Control Agreement and the Titling Company Account Control Agreement;

(i)the Administration Agreement;

(j)the Asset Representations Review Agreement; and

(k)the Depository Agreement.

Trust Agreement means the Second
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of the Cutoff Date, among the Depositor, the Delaware Trustee and the Owner Trustee.

Trust Indenture Act or TIA
means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939.

Trust Property means (a) the
Sold Property, (b) the Issuers rights under the Transaction Documents, (c) all security entitlements (as defined in Section
8-102 of the UCC) relating to the Bank Accounts and the property deposited in or credited to any of the Bank Accounts, (d) all present
and future claims, demands, causes of action and choses in action relating to any of the property described above and (e) all payments
on or under and all proceeds of the property described above.

Trust Register and Trust
Registrar have the meanings stated in Section 3.2 of the Trust Agreement.

Void Rule 144A Note Transfer
has the meaning stated in Section 2.6(b) of the Indenture.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

AA-25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

EXCHANGE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

between

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Sponsor

and

FORD
CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

acting for its series of

limited liability company interests designated as

the "2025-A Series", as Depositor

Dated
as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE
AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section
1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II SALE
AND PURCHASE OF PURCHASED PROPERTY 2

Section
2.1. Sale of Purchased Property 2

Section
2.2. Payment of Purchase Price;
Delivery of Exchange Note 2

Section
2.3. Acknowledgement of Assignments
and Servicing 2

Section
2.4. Savings Clause 2

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 3

Section
3.1. Sponsor's Representations and
Warranties 3

Section
3.2. Sponsor's Representations and
Warranties About Purchased Property and Reference Pool 4

Section
3.3. Sponsor's Representations and
Warranties About Each Lease and Leased Vehicle 5

Section
3.4. Sponsor's Reallocation of Leases
and Leased Vehicles for Breach of Representations 7

Section
3.5. Depositor's Representations
and Warranties 8

ARTICLE IV SPONSOR'S
AGREEMENTS 9

Section
4.1. Financing Statements 9

Section
4.2. No Sale or Lien by Sponsor 10

Section
4.3. Expenses 10

Section
4.4. Review of Sponsor's Records 10

ARTICLE V OTHER
AGREEMENTS 11

Section
5.1. Obligations Unaffected 11

Section
5.2. No Petition 11

Section
5.3. Limited Recourse 11

Section
5.4. Obligations Under Exchange
Note 11

Section
5.5. Regulation RR Risk Retention 11

Section
5.6. Termination 11

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS 12

Section
6.1. Amendments 12

Section
6.2. Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party
Beneficiaries 12

Section
6.3. Notices 12

Section
6.4. GOVERNING LAW 13

Section
6.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 13

Section
6.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 13

Section
6.7. No Waiver; Remedies 13

Section
6.8. Severability 13

Section
6.9. Headings 13

Section
6.10. Counterparts 13

i

EXCHANGE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of
January 1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), between FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as
Sponsor, and FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acting for its series of limited liability company
interests designated as the "2025-A Series," as Depositor.

BACKGROUND

Ford Credit makes loans to the Titling Companies
under a Credit and Security Agreement to finance their acquisition of leases and leased vehicles originated by motor vehicle dealers.
Each Titling Company allocates the leases and leased vehicles to a separate series of limited liability company interests in the Titling
Company designated as the "Collateral Specified Interest" or the "EV Specified Interest" and pledges them as Collateral
to secure the Revolving Facility.

Ford Credit requested that a portion of the Revolving
Facility Balance be exchanged for a note designated as the "2025-A Exchange Note" to be issued by the Titling Companies to
Ford Credit under the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement. Ford Credit and the Titling Companies designated
the 2025-A Reference Pool for the 2025-A Exchange Note and allocated the Leases and Leased Vehicles from the Revolving Facility Pool
to the 2025-A Reference Pool.

In connection with a securitization transaction
sponsored by Ford Credit in which the Issuer will issue Notes secured by the 2025-A Exchange Note, Ford Credit has determined to sell
the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Depositor, who will sell it to the Issuer.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the
"Exchange Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005,
as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC,
as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company
LLC, as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules
that apply to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

ARTICLE
II

SALE AND PURCHASE OF PURCHASED PROPERTY

Section
2.1.Sale of Purchased Property. Effective on the
Closing Date and immediately before the transactions under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the Trust Agreement and the Indenture, the
Sponsor sells and assigns to the Depositor, without recourse (other than the Sponsor's obligations under this Agreement), all of the
Sponsor's right, title and interest, whether now owned or later acquired, in the Purchased Property. This sale and assignment does not,
and is not intended to, include any obligation of the Sponsor to the Titling Companies, the Lessees, the Dealers or any other Person
relating to the 2025-A Reference Pool and the other Purchased Property, and the Depositor does not assume any of these obligations.

Section
2.2.Payment of Purchase Price; Delivery of Exchange Note.

(a)Payment of Purchase Price. In consideration for the Purchased Property, the Depositor will pay to the Sponsor (i) $1,299,449,401.27
on the Closing Date and (ii) a deferred purchase payment on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the Excess Exchange Note Amounts
for such Payment Date (for application as Revolving Facility Pool Additional Amounts in the priority stated in Section 7.2 of the Credit
and Security Agreement). The Depositor and the Sponsor each represents and warrants to the other that the amount paid by the Depositor
on the Closing Date, together with the Excess Exchange Note Amounts on each Payment Date and the increase in the value of the Sponsor's
capital in the Depositor, is equal to the fair market value of the 2025-A Exchange Note and the other Purchased Property.

(b)Delivery of Exchange Note. On payment of the purchase price, the Sponsor will deliver to the Depositor the 2025-A Exchange
Note, registered in the name of "Ford Motor Credit Company LLC" and duly endorsed by the Sponsor in blank.

Section
2.3.Acknowledgement of Assignments and Servicing.

(a)Further Assignments. The Sponsor acknowledges that (i) under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the Depositor will sell
and assign all of its right, title and interest in the Purchased Property and its rights under this Agreement to the Issuer and (ii)
under the Indenture, the Issuer will assign and pledge the Purchased Property and related property and rights to the Indenture Trustee
for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(b)Servicing. The Depositor acknowledges the engagement of Ford Credit as Servicer of the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the
2025-A Reference Pool under the Servicing Supplement and the Servicing Agreement.

Section
2.4.Savings Clause. The Sponsor and the Depositor
intend that the sale and assignment under this Agreement be an absolute sale and assignment of the Purchased Property, conveying good
title to the Purchased Property free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens, from the Sponsor to the Depositor. The Sponsor
and the Depositor intend that the Purchased Property not be a part of the Sponsor's estate if there is a bankruptcy or insolvency of
the Sponsor. If, despite the intent of the Sponsor and the Depositor, the transfer of the Purchased Property under this Agreement is
determined to be a pledge for a financing or is determined not to be an absolute sale and assignment, the Sponsor Grants to the Depositor
on the date of this

2

Agreement a security interest in the
Sponsor's right, title and interest in the Purchased Property, whether now owned or later acquired, to secure a loan in an amount
equal to all amounts payable by the Sponsor under this Agreement, all amounts payable as principal or interest on the Notes, all
amounts payable as Reference Pool Servicing Fees under the Servicing Supplement and all other amounts payable by the Issuer under
the Transaction Documents. In that case, this Agreement is a security agreement under law and the Depositor will have the rights and
remedies of a secured party and creditor under the UCC.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section
3.1.Sponsor's Representations and Warranties. The
Sponsor makes the following representations and warranties on which the Depositor is relying in purchasing the Purchased Property. The
representations and warranties are made as of the Closing Date and will survive the sale and assignment of the Purchased Property by
Ford Credit to the Depositor under this Agreement and by the Depositor to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement and the pledge
of the Purchased Property by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Sponsor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Sponsor is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and
has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct
of its activities requires qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals
would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Sponsor's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Sponsor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Sponsor has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Sponsor, enforceable against the Sponsor, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization
or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement, and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Sponsor is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien on
the Sponsor's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document
(other than this Agreement), (iii) violate the Sponsor's certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement or (iv) violate
a law or, to the Sponsor's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency
or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Sponsor or its properties that applies to the Sponsor, which, in each
case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Sponsor's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

3

(d)No Proceedings. To the Sponsor's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing
before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Sponsor or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions
under this Agreement, (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Sponsor's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) that would reasonably
be expected to (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise
tax purposes, (B) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to
be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case,
other than proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Sponsor, the performance by the
Sponsor of its obligations under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment
of the Issuer or the Notes.

(e)Not an Investment Company. The Sponsor is not required to be registered as an "investment company" under the
Investment Company Act.

Section
3.2.Sponsor's Representations and Warranties About Purchased Property and Reference Pool.
The Sponsor makes the following representations and warranties about the Purchased Property and the 2025-A Reference Pool on which the
Depositor is relying in purchasing the Purchased Property. The representations and warranties are made as of the Closing Date and will
survive the sale and assignment of the Purchased Property by Ford Credit to the Depositor under this Agreement and by the Depositor to
the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement and the pledge of the Purchased Property by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under
the Indenture:

(a)Enforceability of Exchange Note. The 2025-A Exchange Note has been duly executed, issued, authenticated and delivered and
is the valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers entitled to the benefits of the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security
Agreement.

(b)Valid Sale. This Agreement evidences a valid sale and assignment of the Purchased Property from the Sponsor to the Depositor,
enforceable against creditors of and purchasers from the Sponsor.

(c)Good Title to Purchased Property. Immediately before the sale and assignment under this Agreement, the Sponsor has good
and marketable title to the Purchased Property free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens and, immediately after the sale
and assignment under this Agreement, the Depositor will have good and marketable title to the Purchased Property, free and clear of any
Lien other than Permitted Liens.

(d)Security Interest in Purchased Property.

(i)This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Purchased Property in
favor of the Depositor, which is prior

4

to any Lien, other than Permitted Liens,
and is enforceable against all creditors of and purchasers from the Sponsor.

(ii)All filings (including UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Depositor a first priority, validly perfected ownership
and security interest in the Purchased Property, to give the Issuer a first priority, validly perfected ownership and security interest
in the Sold Property and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, will be made within
ten days after the Closing Date.

(iii)All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Sponsor in favor of the Depositor describing the Purchased Property
sold under this Agreement will contain a statement to the following effect: "A purchase of or security interest in any collateral
described in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party/Assignee."

(iv)The Sponsor has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Sponsor that include a description
of collateral covering any Purchased Property other than the financing statements relating to the security interest Granted to the Depositor
under this Agreement, by the Depositor to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement or by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee
under the Indenture, or that has been terminated.

(e)Good Title to Reference Pool; Allocation to Specified Interest and Reference Pool. The applicable Titling Company has good
title, or the Servicer has started procedures that will result in good title, to the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference
Pool, free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference Pool have not been allocated
to a Specified Interest other than the Collateral Specified Interest or the EV Specified Interest, or to a Reference Pool other than
the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(f)Selection Procedures. The Sponsor did not use selection procedures believed to be adverse to the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder
in selecting the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference Pool from the Revolving Facility Pool.

(g)Schedule of Leases and Leased Vehicles. The Schedule of Leases contains an accurate and complete list of unique asset identifying
numbers for the Leases in the 2025-A Reference Pool.

Section
3.3.Sponsor's Representations and Warranties About Each Lease and Leased Vehicle.
The Sponsor makes the following representations and warranties about each Lease and Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool on which
the Depositor is relying in purchasing the 2025-A Exchange Note. The representations and warranties are made as of the Closing Date or
other dates stated and will survive the sale and assignment of the 2025-A Exchange Note by Ford Credit to the Depositor under this Agreement
and by the Depositor to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement and the pledge of the 2025-A Exchange Note by the Issuer to
the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture.

(a)Origination of Leases. The Lease was originated by a Dealer in the United States and has a garaging location in an Eligible
State. The Lease was originated by a Dealer for the retail lease of a Leased Vehicle in the ordinary course of the Dealer's business.
The Lease was signed by

5

the parties to the Lease. The Lease was purchased
by a Titling Company qualified to hold the Lease and the related Leased Vehicle and was validly assigned by the Dealer to that Titling
Company.

(b)New Vehicle. The Leased Vehicle was a new car, light truck or utility vehicle according to the Underwriting Procedures
at the beginning of the related Lease.

(c)Monthly Payments. The Lease (if not an Advance Payment Plan Lease) provides for monthly payments in U.S. dollars in an
amount equal to the sum of (i) a level scheduled payment that provides a fixed internal rate of return and amortizes the Adjusted Capitalized
Cost stated in the Lease to the Contract Residual Value of the related Leased Vehicle over the term of the Lease, plus (ii) other fees
and taxes on the Lease.

(d)Certificate of Title. The Leased Vehicle is titled, or the Servicer has started procedures that will result in the Leased
Vehicle being titled, in the name of the applicable Titling Company and otherwise according to the Servicing Agreement.

(e)No Government Lessee. The Lease is not an obligation of the United States or a State or local government or any agency,
department, instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or a State or local government.

(f)No Commercial Lease. The Lease is not a commercial lease contract, master lease contract or fleet vehicle lease contract,
but the Lease may have been entered by a business entity and the Leased Vehicle may be used for commercial purposes.

(g)Insurance. The Lease requires the Lessee to have comprehensive, collision, and liability insurance covering the Leased
Vehicle.

(h)Compliance with Underwriting Procedures. The Lease was underwritten according to the Underwriting Procedures in effect
at the time, in all material respects.

(i)Valid Assignment. The Lease was originated in, and is subject to the laws of, a jurisdiction which permits the sale and
assignment of the Lease and the related Leased Vehicle to the Titling Company. The terms of the Lease do not limit the right of the owner
of the Lease to sell and assign the Lease.

(j)Compliance with Law. At the time it was originated, the Lease complied in all material respects with all requirements of
law in effect at the time.

(k)Binding Obligation. The Lease is on a form contract that includes rights and remedies allowing the holder to enforce the
obligation and realize on the Leased Vehicle and represents the legal, valid and binding payment obligation of the Lessee, enforceable
in all material respects by the holder of the Lease, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles and consumer financial protection laws.

6

(l)Security Interest in Leased Vehicle. The Collateral Agent has, or the Servicer has started procedures that will result
in the Collateral Agent having, a perfected, first-priority security interest in the Leased Vehicle, which security interest was validly
created.

(m)Good Title to Lease and Leased Vehicle. The applicable Titling Company has good title, or the Servicer has started procedures
that will result in good title, to the Lease and Leased Vehicle, free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens.

(n)Chattel Paper. The Lease is either "tangible chattel paper" or "electronic chattel paper" within the
meaning of the applicable UCC and there is only one original authenticated copy of the Lease.

(o)Servicing. The Lease was serviced in compliance with law and the Servicing Procedures in all material respects from the
time it was originated to the Cutoff Date.

(p)No Bankruptcy. As of the Cutoff Date, the Sponsor's receivables systems do not indicate that the Lessee on the Lease is
a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding.

(q)Leases in Force. As of the Cutoff Date, neither the Sponsor's receivables systems nor the Lease File indicate that the
Lease (i) was a Terminating Lease or a Closed Lease or (ii) was satisfied, subordinated, rescinded, cancelled or terminated.

(r)No Amendments or Modifications. No material term of the Lease has been affirmatively amended or modified (other than the
assessment of a security deposit or a Payment Extension Fee or the payment of any other amount that would be a Lease Administration Amount,
or a default relating to failure by the related Lessee to pay any such amount), except amendments and modifications indicated in the
Sponsor's receivables systems or in the Lease File.

(s)No Extensions. As of the Cutoff Date, the Lease was not amended to extend the due date for any payment, other than Payment
Extensions totaling no more than three months, as recorded in the Sponsor's receivables systems and in the Lease File.

(t)No Defenses. There is no right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense asserted or threatened against the Lease
indicated in the Sponsor's receivables systems or in the Lease File.

(u)No Payment Default. Except for a payment that is not more than 30 days Delinquent as of the Cutoff Date, no payment default
exists on the Lease.

(v)Maturity of Leases. The Lease has an original Scheduled Lease End Date of not greater than 48 months from the date it was
originated.

Section
3.4.Sponsor's Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles for Breach of Representations.

(a)Investigation of Breach. If a Responsible Person of the Sponsor (i) has knowledge of a breach of a representation or warranty
made in Section 3.3, (ii) receives notice from the Depositor, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of a
representation or

7

warranty made in Section 3.3, (iii) receives a Reallocation
Request for a Lease and Leased Vehicle or (iv) receives a Review Report that indicates a Test Fail for a Lease and Leased Vehicle, then,
in each case, the Sponsor will investigate to confirm the breach and determine if the breach has a material adverse effect on a Lease
and Leased Vehicle. None of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Administrator will have an obligation
to investigate whether a breach of any representation or warranty has occurred or whether any Lease and Leased Vehicle is required to
be reallocated under this Section 3.4.

(b)Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles; Payment of Administrative Reallocation Amount. For a breach described in Section
3.4(a), the Sponsor may, and if the breach has a material adverse effect on a Lease and Leased Vehicle will, reallocate the Lease and
Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool by paying the Administrative Reallocation Amount for each Lease and Leased Vehicle on the
Business Day before the Payment Date (or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on the Payment Date) related to the Collection
Period in which the Sponsor has knowledge or receives notice of and confirms the breach or, at the Sponsor's option, on or before the
following Payment Date, unless the breach is cured in all material respects before that Payment Date. If Ford Credit is the Servicer,
the Sponsor may cause the Administrative Reallocation Amount to be paid according to Section 4.3(c) of the Servicing Supplement.

(c)Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles. When the Sponsor's payment of the Administrative Reallocation Amount for a
Lease and Leased Vehicle is included in Exchange Note Available Funds for a Payment Date, the Lease and Leased Vehicle will be deemed
to have been reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool, effective as of the last day of the Collection Period before the related Collection
Period. After the reallocation, the Sponsor will mark its receivables systems to indicate that the lease and leased vehicle is no longer
a Lease and Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(d)Reallocation Sole Remedy. The sole remedy for a breach of a representation or warranty made by the Sponsor in Section 3.3
is to require the Sponsor to reallocate the Lease and Leased Vehicle or Leases and Leased Vehicles under this Section 3.4. The Depositor
will enforce the Sponsor's reallocation obligation under this Section 3.4.

(e)Dispute Resolution. The Sponsor agrees to be bound by the dispute resolution terms in Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note
Sale Agreement as if they were part of this Agreement.

Section
3.5.Depositor's Representations and Warranties. The
Depositor represents and warrants to the Sponsor as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Depositor is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing
and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct
of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals
would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

8

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Depositor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Depositor has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Depositor and enforceable against the Depositor, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy,
reorganization or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement, and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Depositor is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien
on the Depositor's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar
document (other than the Exchange Note Sale Agreement), (iii) violate the Depositor's certificate of formation or limited liability company
agreement or (iv) violate a law or, to the Depositor's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory
body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties that applies
to the Depositor, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Depositor's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing
before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Depositor or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions
under this Agreement, (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) that would reasonably
be expected to (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise
tax purposes, (B) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to
be treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case,
other than proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor, the performance by the
Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment
of the Issuer or the Notes.

(e)Not an Investment Company. The Depositor is not required to be registered as an "investment company" under the
Investment Company Act.

ARTICLE
IV

SPONSOR'S AGREEMENTS

Section
4.1.Financing Statements. 

(a)Filing of Financing Statements. The Sponsor will file financing and continuation statements, and amendments to the statements,
in the jurisdictions and with the filing offices necessary to perfect the Depositor's interest in the Purchased Property. The Sponsor
will promptly

9

deliver to the Depositor file-stamped copies of,
or filing receipts for, any financing statement, continuation statement and amendment to a previously filed financing statement.

(b)Depositor Authorized to File Financing Statements. The Sponsor authorizes the Depositor to file financing and continuation
statements, and amendments to the statements, in the jurisdictions and with the filing offices as the Depositor may determine are necessary
or advisable to perfect the Depositor's interest in the Purchased Property. The financing and continuation statements may describe the
Purchased Property as the Depositor may reasonably determine to perfect the Depositor's interest in the Purchased Property. The Depositor
will promptly deliver to the Sponsor file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any financing statement, continuation statement
and amendment to a previously filed financing statement.

(c)Relocation of Sponsor. The Sponsor will notify the Depositor at least ten days before a relocation of its chief executive
office or change in its corporate structure, form of organization or jurisdiction of organization if it could require the filing of a
new financing statement or an amendment to a previously filed financing statement under Section 9-307 of the UCC. The Sponsor will promptly
file new financing statements or amendments to all previously filed financing statements. The Sponsor will maintain its chief executive
office within the United States and will maintain its jurisdiction of organization in only one State.

(d)Change of Sponsor's Name. The Sponsor will notify the Depositor at least ten days before any change in the Sponsor's name
that could make a financing statement filed under this Section 4.1 seriously misleading under Section 9-506 of the UCC. The Sponsor will
promptly file amendments to all previously filed financing statements.

Section
4.2.No Sale or Lien by Sponsor. Except for the sale
and assignment under this Agreement, the Sponsor will not sell or assign any Purchased Property to another Person or Grant or allow a
Lien on an interest in any Purchased Property. The Sponsor will defend the Depositor's interest in the Purchased Property against claims
of third parties claiming through the Sponsor.

Section
4.3.Expenses. The Sponsor will pay all expenses to
perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Depositor's reasonable expenses to perfect the Depositor's interest in the Purchased
Property and to enforce the Sponsor's obligations under this Agreement.

Section
4.4.Review of Sponsor's Records. The Sponsor will
maintain records and documents relating to the origination, underwriting and purchasing of the Leases and Leased Vehicles according to
its customary business practices. The Sponsor will give the Depositor access to the records and documents to conduct a review of the
representations and warranties made by the Sponsor about the Leases and Leased Vehicles or in connection with any request or demand
to reallocate a Lease and Leased Vehicle or any dispute resolution proceeding for a request or demand or any Review by the Asset Representations
Reviewer. Any access or review will be conducted at the Sponsor's offices during its normal business hours at a time reasonably convenient
to the Sponsor and in a manner that will minimize disruption to its business operations. Any access or review will be subject to the
Sponsor's confidentiality and privacy policies.

10

ARTICLE
V

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
5.1.Obligations Unaffected. Any invalidity, illegality
or irregularity of a Lease or Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool will not affect the Sponsor's obligations under this Agreement.

Section
5.2.No Petition. The Sponsor agrees that, before
the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured
Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which
the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing
against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This
Section 5.2 will survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section
5.3.Limited Recourse. The Sponsor agrees that any
claim that it may seek to enforce against the Depositor under this Agreement is limited to the Purchased Property only and is not a claim
against the Depositor's assets as a whole or against assets other than the Purchased Property. This Section 5.3 will survive the termination
of this Agreement.

Section
5.4.Obligations Under Exchange Note. 

(a)Borrowers' Obligations. The Borrowers' obligations under the 2025-A Exchange Note and the other Purchased Property are
solely the Borrowers' obligations and are not the Sponsor's obligation or an interest in any of the Sponsor's assets. The Depositor acknowledges
and agrees that it has no right, title or interest in any assets of the Sponsor for the payment of amounts due or for the performance
of obligations under the 2025-A Exchange Note or the other Purchased Property, except for the performance of the Sponsor's obligations
in its capacity as the Servicer or the Administrator under the Transaction Documents.

(b)Subordination of Claims. The Depositor acknowledges Section 9.4 of the Credit and Security Agreement regarding the subordination
of claims against the Borrowers and agrees to be bound by it as an Exchange Noteholder.

Section
5.5.Regulation RR Risk Retention. Ford Credit, as
Sponsor, and the Depositor agree that (i) Ford Credit will cause the Depositor to, and the Depositor will, retain the Residual Interest
on the Closing Date and (ii) Ford Credit will not permit the Depositor to, and the Depositor will not, sell, transfer, finance or hedge
the Residual Interest except as permitted by Regulation RR.

Section
5.6.Termination. This Agreement will terminate on
the payment in full or cancellation of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

11

ARTICLE
VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
6.1.Amendments. 

(a)Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent
with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, in each case, without the consent
of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person,
if the Depositor or the Sponsor delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating
that the amendment will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section
6.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes Outstanding (with each affected
Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class).

(b)Notice of Amendments. The Depositor or the Sponsor will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly
after the execution of an amendment, the Sponsor will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies.

Section
6.2.Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. The Issuer and the
Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement
against the Sponsor. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section
6.3.Notices. 

(a)Notices to Parties. All notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties
must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

(ii)for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

12

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without
the requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other party.

Section
6.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
6.5.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party submits
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State
Court sitting in New York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim
that the proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
6.6.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section
6.7.No Waiver; Remedies. No party's failure or delay
in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right
or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.
The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
6.8.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity,
legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section
6.9.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are
included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
6.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page Left
Blank]

13

EXECUTED BY:

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Sponsor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan
Hershberger

Title: Assistant Treasurer

FORD CREDIT
AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

acting
for its series of limited liability company

interests designated as the "2025-A Series," as

Depositor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan
Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

[Signature Page to Exchange Note Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

EXCHANGE NOTE SALE AGREEMENT

between

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

acting for its series of

limited liability company interests designated as

the "2025-A Series", as Depositor

and

FORD
CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II SALE AND PURCHASE OF SOLD PROPERTY 1

Section 2.1. Sale of Sold Property 1

Section 2.2. Payment for Sold Property; Delivery of Exchange Note 2

Section 2.3. Acknowledgement of Assignment and Servicing. 2

Section 2.4. Savings Clause 2

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 2

Section 3.1. Depositor's Representations and Warranties 2

Section 3.2. Depositor's Representations and Warranties About Sold Property and Reference Pool 4

Section 3.3. Depositor's Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles for Breach of Representations 5

Section 3.4. Dispute Resolution 6

Section 3.5. Issuer's Representations and Warranties 9

ARTICLE IV DEPOSITOR'S AGREEMENTS 10

Section 4.1. Required Reserve Amount 10

Section 4.2. Financing Statements. 10

Section 4.3. No Sale or Lien by Depositor 10

Section 4.4. Expenses 11

ARTICLE V OTHER AGREEMENTS 11

Section 5.1. Obligations Unaffected 11

Section 5.2. No Petition 11

Section 5.3. Limited Recourse 11

Section 5.4. Obligations Under Exchange Note 11

Section 5.5. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 11

Section 5.6. Issuer Obligation 11

Section 5.7. Termination 12

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS 12

Section 6.1. Amendments. 12

Section 6.2. Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries 12

Section 6.3. Notices 12

Section 6.4. GOVERNING LAW 13

Section 6.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 13

Section 6.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 13

Section 6.7. No Waiver; Remedies 13

Section 6.8. Severability 13

Section 6.9. Headings 13

Section 6.10. Counterparts 13

i

EXCHANGE NOTE SALE AGREEMENT, dated as of January
1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), between FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acting for
its series of limited liability company interests designated as the "2025-A Series," as Depositor, and FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE
TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust, as Issuer.

BACKGROUND

Ford Credit makes loans to the Titling Companies
under a Credit and Security Agreement to finance their acquisition of leases and leased vehicles originated by motor vehicle dealers.
Each Titling Company allocates the leases and leased vehicles to a separate series of limited liability company interests in the Titling
Company designated as the "Collateral Specified Interest" or the "EV Specified Interest" and pledges them as Collateral
to secure the Revolving Facility.

Ford Credit requested that a portion of the Revolving
Facility Balance be exchanged for a note designated as the "2025-A Exchange Note" to be issued by the Titling Companies to Ford
Credit under the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security Agreement. Ford Credit and the Titling Companies designated the
2025-A Reference Pool for the 2025-A Exchange Note and allocated the Leases and Leased Vehicles from the Revolving Facility Pool to the
2025-A Reference Pool.

In connection with a securitization transaction
sponsored by Ford Credit in which the Issuer will issue Notes secured by the 2025-A Exchange Note, Ford Credit has sold the 2025-A Exchange
Note to the Depositor, who will sell it to the Issuer.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage
and Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined
in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange
Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and
restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers,
U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as
Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that apply
to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

ARTICLE
II

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SOLD PROPERTY

Section
2.1.Sale
of Sold Property. Effective on the Closing Date and immediately
after the transaction under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, and immediately before the transactions under the Trust Agreement and
the Indenture, the Depositor sells and assigns to the Issuer, without recourse (other than the Depositor's obligations under this
Agreement), all of the

Depositor's right, title and interest, whether now owned or later acquired, in the Sold Property. This sale and
assignment does not, and is not intended to, include any obligation of the Depositor to the Titling Companies, the Lessees, the Dealers
or any other Person relating to the 2025-A Reference Pool and the other Sold Property, and the Issuer does not assume any obligations.

Section
2.2.Payment for Sold Property; Delivery of Exchange Note.

(a)Payment for Sold Property. In consideration for the Sold Property, the Issuer will transfer to the Depositor the Notes as
payment for the 2025-A Exchange Note and the other Sold Property. The Depositor and the Issuer each represents and warrants to the other
that the transfer of the Notes on the Closing Date and the increase in the value of the Depositor's beneficial interest in the Issuer,
is equal to the fair market value of the 2025-A Exchange Note and the other Sold Property.

(b)Delivery of Exchange Note. On payment for the Sold Property, the Depositor will deliver to the Issuer the 2025-A Exchange
Note, registered in the name of "Ford Motor Credit Company LLC" and duly endorsed by Ford Credit in blank.

Section
2.3.Acknowledgement of Assignment and Servicing.

(a)Further Assignment. The Depositor acknowledges that, under the Indenture, the Issuer will assign and pledge the Sold Property
and related property and rights to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(b)Servicing. The Issuer acknowledges the engagement of Ford Credit as Servicer of the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A
Reference Pool under the Servicing Supplement and the Servicing Agreement.

Section
2.4.Savings Clause. The Depositor and the Issuer
intend that the sale and assignment under this Agreement be an absolute sale and assignment of the Sold Property, conveying good title
to the Sold Property free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens, from the Depositor to the Issuer. The Depositor and the Issuer
intend that the Sold Property not be a part of the Depositor's estate if there is a bankruptcy or insolvency of the Depositor. If, despite
the intent of the Depositor and the Issuer, the transfer of the Sold Property under this Agreement is determined to be a pledge for a
financing or is determined not to be an absolute sale and assignment, the Depositor Grants to the Issuer on the date of this Agreement
a security interest in the Depositor's right, title and interest in the Sold Property, whether now owned or later acquired, to secure
a loan in an amount equal to all amounts payable by the Depositor under this Agreement, all amounts payable as principal or interest on
the Notes, all amounts payable as Reference Pool Servicing Fees under the Servicing Supplement and all other amounts payable by the Issuer
under the Transaction Documents. In that case, this Agreement is a security agreement under law and the Issuer will have the rights and
remedies of a secured party and creditor under the UCC.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section
3.1.Depositor's Representations and Warranties. The
Depositor makes the following representations and warranties on which the Issuer is relying in purchasing the Sold

2

Property. The representations
and warranties are made as of the Closing Date and will survive the sale and assignment of the Sold Property by the Depositor to the Issuer
under this Agreement and the pledge of the Sold Property by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Depositor is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and
has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct
of its activities requires qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals
would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Depositor has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Depositor has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against the Depositor, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization
or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement, and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Depositor is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien
on the Depositor's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar
document (other than this Agreement), (iii) violate the Depositor's certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement or
(iv) violate a law or, to the Depositor's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties that applies to the Depositor, which,
in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Depositor's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing
before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Depositor or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions
under this Agreement, (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Depositor's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) that would reasonably
be expected to (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise
tax purposes, (B) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to be
treated as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case,
other than proceedings that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor, the performance by the
Depositor of its obligations under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment
of the Issuer or the Notes.

3

(e)Not an Investment Company. The Depositor is not required to be registered as an "investment company" under the
Investment Company Act.

Section
3.2.Depositor's Representations and Warranties About Sold Property and Reference Pool.

(a)Representations and Warranties from Exchange Note Purchase Agreement. Ford Credit made representations and warranties about
the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference Pool in Section 3.3 of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, and has consented
to the sale by the Depositor to the Issuer of the Depositor's rights to these representations and warranties. Under Section 2.1, the Depositor
has sold and assigned to the Issuer the Depositor's rights under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, including the right to require
Ford Credit to reallocate any Leases and Leased Vehicles if there is a breach of Ford Credit's representations and warranties. In addition,
the Depositor represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that the representations and warranties about the Leases and Leased Vehicles
in the 2025-A Reference Pool in Section 3.3 of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement are true and correct. The Issuer is relying on Ford
Credit's representations and warranties in the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement and on the Depositor's representations and warranties
in this Section 3.2(a) in purchasing the 2025-A Exchange Note, which representations and warranties will survive the sale and assignment
of the 2025-A Exchange Note by the Depositor to the Issuer under this Agreement and the pledge of the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Indenture
Trustee under the Indenture.

(b)Representations and Warranties About Sold Property and Reference Pool. The Depositor makes the following representations
and warranties about the Sold Property and the 2025-A Reference Pool on which the Issuer is relying in purchasing the Sold Property. The
representations and warranties are made as of the Closing Date and will survive the sale and assignment of the Sold Property by the Depositor
to the Issuer under this Agreement and the pledge of the Sold Property by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture.

(i)Enforceability of Exchange Note. The 2025-A Exchange Note has been duly executed, issued, authenticated and delivered and
is the valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers entitled to the benefits of the Exchange Note Supplement and the Credit and Security
Agreement.

(ii)Valid Sale. This Agreement evidences a valid sale and assignment of the Sold Property from the Depositor to the Issuer,
enforceable against creditors of and purchasers from the Depositor.

(iii)Good Title to Sold Property. Immediately before the sale and assignment under this Agreement, the Depositor has good and
marketable title to the Sold Property free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens and, immediately after the sale and assignment
under this Agreement, the Issuer will have good and marketable title to the Sold Property, free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted
Liens.

(iv)Security Interest in Sold Property.

(A) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Sold Property in favor of
the

4

Issuer, which is prior to any Lien, other than Permitted Liens, and is enforceable against all creditors of and purchasers from the
Depositor.

(B) All filings (including UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Depositor a first priority, validly perfected ownership
and security interest in the Purchased Property, to give the Issuer a first priority, validly perfected ownership and security interest
in the Sold Property and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, will be made within
ten days after the Closing Date.

(C) All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Depositor in favor of the Issuer describing the Sold Property sold under
this Agreement will contain a statement to the following effect: "A purchase of or security interest in any collateral described
in this financing statement will violate the rights of the Secured Party/Assignee."

(D) The Depositor has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Depositor that include a description
of collateral covering any Sold Property other than the financing statements relating to the security interest Granted to the Depositor
under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement, by the Depositor to the Issuer under this Agreement or by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee
under the Indenture, or that has been terminated.

(v)Good Title to Reference Pool; Allocation to Specified Interest and Reference Pool. The applicable Titling Company has good
title, or the Servicer has started procedures that will result in good title, to the Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference
Pool, free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Leases and Leased Vehicles in the 2025-A Reference Pool have not been allocated
to a Specified Interest other than the Collateral Specified Interest or the EV Specified Interest, or to a Reference Pool other than
the 2025-A Reference Pool.

Section
3.3.Depositor's Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles for Breach of Representations.

(a)Investigation of Breach. If a Responsible Person of the Depositor (i) has knowledge of a breach of a representation or warranty
made in Section 3.2(a), (ii) receives notice from the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of a representation
or warranty made in Section 3.2(a), (iii) receives a Reallocation Request for a Lease and Leased Vehicle or (iv) receives a Review Report
that indicates a Test Fail for a Lease and Leased Vehicle, then, in each case, the Depositor will investigate to confirm the breach and
determine if the breach has a material adverse effect on a Lease and Leased Vehicle. None of the Servicer, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee,
the Indenture Trustee or the Administrator will have an obligation to investigate whether a breach of any representation or warranty has
occurred or whether any Lease and Leased Vehicle is required to be reallocated under this Section 3.3.

5

(b)Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles; Payment of Administrative Reallocation Amount. For a breach described in Section
3.3(a), the Depositor may, and if the breach has a material adverse effect on a Lease and Leased Vehicle will, reallocate the Lease and
Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool by paying the Administrative Reallocation Amount for each Lease and Leased Vehicle on the
Business Day before the Payment Date (or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on the Payment Date) related to the Collection
Period in which the Depositor has knowledge or receives notice of and confirms the breach or, at the Depositor's option, on or before
the following Payment Date, unless the breach is cured in all material respects before that Payment Date. If Ford Credit is the Servicer,
the Depositor may cause the Administrative Reallocation Amount to be paid according to Section 4.3(c) of the Servicing Supplement.

(c)Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles. When the Depositor's payment of the Administrative Reallocation Amount for a
Lease and Leased Vehicle is included in Exchange Note Available Funds for a Payment Date, the Lease and Leased Vehicle will be deemed
to have been reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool, effective as of the last day of the Collection Period before the related Collection
Period. After the reallocation, the Sponsor will mark its receivables systems to indicate that the lease and leased vehicle is no longer
a Lease and Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(d)Reallocation Sole Remedy. The sole remedy for a breach of a representation or warranty made by the Depositor in Section
3.2(a) is (i) to require the Depositor to reallocate the Lease and Leased Vehicle or Leases and Leased Vehicles under this Section 3.3
or (ii) to require the Depositor or the Indenture Trustee to enforce the obligation of Ford Credit to reallocate the Lease and Leased
Vehicle under Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement.

Section
3.4.Dispute Resolution.

(a)Referral to Dispute Resolution. If the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or a Noteholder (the "Requesting
Party") requests that the Depositor and/or the Sponsor reallocate a Lease and related Leased Vehicle due to an alleged breach
of a representation and warranty in Section 3.2(a) or in Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement (each, a "Reallocation
Request"), and the Reallocation Request has not been resolved within 180 days after the Depositor or the Sponsor receives the
Reallocation Request, the Requesting Party may refer the matter, in its discretion, to either mediation (including non-binding arbitration)
or binding third-party arbitration. However, if the Lease subject to a Reallocation Request was part of a Review and the Review Report
showed no Test Fails for the Lease, the Reallocation Request for the Lease and Leased Vehicle will be deemed to be resolved. The Requesting
Party must start the mediation or arbitration proceeding according to the ADR Rules of the ADR Organization within 90 days after the end
of the 180-day period. The Depositor and the Sponsor agree to participate in the dispute resolution method selected by the Requesting
Party.

(b)Mediation. If the Requesting Party selects mediation for dispute resolution:

(i)The mediation will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are inconsistent with
the procedures for mediation stated in this Section 3.4, the procedures in this Section 3.4 will control.

6

(ii)A single mediator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR Rules.
The mediator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least 15 years of experience in
commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters.

(iii)The mediation will start within 15 days after the selection of the mediator and conclude within 30 days after the start of the
mediation.

(iv)Expenses of the mediation will be allocated to the parties as mutually agreed by them as part of the mediation.

(v)If the parties fail to agree at the completion of the mediation, the Requesting Party may refer the Reallocation Request to arbitration
under this Section 3.4.

(c)Arbitration. If the Requesting Party selects arbitration for dispute resolution:

(i)The arbitration will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are inconsistent with
the procedures for arbitration stated in this Section 3.4, the procedures in this Section 3.4 will control.

(ii)A single arbitrator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR Rules.
The arbitrator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least 15 years of experience
in commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters. The arbitrator will be independent
and impartial and will comply with the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes in effect at the time of the arbitration.
Before accepting an appointment, the arbitrator must promptly disclose any circumstances likely to create a reasonable inference of bias
or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the proceedings within the stated time schedule. The arbitrator may be removed
by the ADR Organization for cause consisting of actual bias, conflict of interest or other serious potential for conflict.

(iii)The arbitrator will have the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions, according to New York law, and will do so
at the motion of any party. Discovery will be completed within 30 days of selection of the arbitrator and will be limited for each party
to two witness depositions not to exceed five hours, two interrogatories, one document request and one request for admissions. However,
the arbitrator may grant additional discovery on a showing of good cause that the additional discovery is reasonable and necessary. Briefs
will be limited to no more than ten pages each, and will be limited to initial statements of the case, motions and a pre-hearing brief.
The evidentiary hearing on the merits will start no later than 60 days after selection of the arbitrator and will proceed for no more
than six consecutive Business Days with equal time allocated to each party for the presentation of evidence and cross examination. The
arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and hearings on a showing of good cause or due to unavoidable delays.

(iv)The arbitrator will make its final determination no later than 90 days after its selection. The arbitrator will resolve the dispute
according to the terms of this

7

Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and may not modify or change this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents in any way. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive damages or consequential damages in any arbitration
conducted by them. In its final determination, the arbitrator will determine and award the expenses of the arbitration (including filing
fees, the fees of the arbitrator, expense of any record or transcript of the arbitration and administrative fees) to the parties in its
reasonable discretion. The determination of the arbitrator will be in writing and counterpart copies will be promptly delivered to the
parties. The determination will be final and non-appealable, except for actions to confirm or vacate the determination permitted under
federal or State law, and may be entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(v)By selecting arbitration, the Requesting Party is giving up the right to sue in court, including the right to a trial by jury.

(vi)The Requesting Party may not bring a putative or certificated class action to arbitration. If this waiver of class action rights
is found to be unenforceable for any reason, the Requesting Party agrees that it will bring its claims in a court of competent jurisdiction.

(d)Additional Conditions. For each mediation or arbitration:

(i)Any mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York at the offices of the mediator or arbitrator or at another location
selected by the Depositor or the Sponsor. Any party or witness may participate by teleconference or video conference.

(ii)The Depositor, the Sponsor and the Requesting Party will have the right to seek provisional relief from a competent court of law,
including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or attachment order, if such relief is available by law.

(iii)Neither the Depositor nor the Sponsor will be required to produce personally identifiable customer information for purposes of
any mediation or arbitration. The existence and details of any unresolved Reallocation Request, any informal meetings, mediations or
arbitration proceedings , the nature and amount of any relief sought or granted, any offers or statements made and any discovery taken
in the proceeding, will be confidential, privileged and inadmissible for any purpose in any mediation, arbitration, litigation or other
proceeding. The parties will keep this information confidential and will not disclose or discuss it with any third party (other than
a party's attorneys, experts, accountants and other advisors, as reasonably required in connection with the mediation or arbitration
proceeding under this Section 3.4), except as required by law, regulatory requirement or court order. If a party to a mediation or arbitration
proceeding receives a subpoena or other request for information from a third party (other than a governmental regulatory body) for confidential
information of the other party to the mediation or arbitration proceeding, the recipient will promptly notify the other party and will
provide the other party with the opportunity to object to the production of its confidential information.

8

Section
3.5.Issuer's Representations and Warranties. The Issuer
represents and warrants to the Depositor as of the Closing Date:

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Issuer is duly formed and validly existing as a statutory trust in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. The Issuer is qualified as a foreign statutory trust in good standing and has obtained all necessary
licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct of its activities requires
the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals would not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Issuer has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Issuer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Issuer and enforceable against the Issuer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization
or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Issuer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien on
the Issuer's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document
(other than the Indenture), (iii) violate the Trust Agreement or (iv) violate a law or, to the Issuer's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation
of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the
Issuer or its properties that applies to the Issuer, which, in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing before
a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor
or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions under this
Agreement, (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's
ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or (iv) that would reasonably be expected
to (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income or Applicable Tax State income or franchise tax purposes,
(B) be deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (C) cause the Issuer to be treated as an
association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in each case, other than proceedings
that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, the performance by the Issuer of its obligations
under, or the validity and enforceability of, the Transaction Documents or the Notes or the tax treatment of the Issuer or the Notes.

9

(e)Not an Investment Company. The Issuer is not required to be registered as an "investment company" under the Investment
Company Act.

ARTICLE
IV

DEPOSITOR'S AGREEMENTS

Section
4.1.Required Reserve Amount. On the Closing Date,
the Depositor will deposit, or cause to be deposited, the Required Reserve Amount in the Reserve Account from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Notes.

Section
4.2.Financing Statements.

(a)Filing of Financing Statements. The Depositor will file financing and continuation statements, and amendments to the statements,
in the jurisdictions and with the filing offices necessary to perfect the Issuer's interest in the Sold Property. The Depositor will promptly
deliver to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any financing statement, continuation
statement and amendment to a previously filed financing statement.

(b)Issuer and Indenture Trustee Authorized to File Financing Statements. The Depositor authorizes the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee to file financing and continuation statements, and amendments to the statements, in the jurisdictions and with the filing offices
as the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may determine are necessary or advisable to perfect the Issuer's interest in the Sold Property.
The financing and continuation statements may describe the Sold Property as the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine
to perfect the Issuer's interest in the Sold Property. The Issuer or the Indenture Trustee will promptly deliver to the Depositor file-stamped
copies of, or filing receipts for, any financing statement, continuation statement and amendment to a previously filed financing statement.

(c)Relocation of Depositor. The Depositor will notify the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee at least ten days before
a relocation of its chief executive office or change in its corporate structure, form of organization or jurisdiction of organization
if it could require the filing of a new financing statement or amendment under Section 9-307 of the UCC. The Depositor will promptly file
new financing statements or amendments to all previously filed financing statements or amendments. The Depositor will maintain its chief
executive office within the United States and will maintain its jurisdiction of organization in only one State.

(d)Change of Depositor's Name. The Depositor will notify the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee at least ten days before
any change in the Depositor's name that could make a financing statement filed under this Section 4.2 seriously misleading under Section
9-506 of the UCC. The Depositor will promptly file amendments to all previously filed financing statements.

Section
4.3.No Sale or Lien by Depositor. Except for the sale
and assignment under this Agreement, the Depositor will not sell or assign any Sold Property to another Person, or Grant or allow a Lien
on an interest in any Sold Property. The Depositor will defend the Issuer's interest in the Sold Property against claims of third parties
claiming through the Depositor.

10

Section
4.4.Expenses. The Depositor will pay the expenses
to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee's reasonable expenses to perfect the Issuer's
interest in the Sold Property and to enforce the Depositor's obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
5.1.Obligations Unaffected. Any invalidity, illegality
or irregularity of a Lease or Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool will not affect the Depositor's obligations under this Agreement.

Section
5.2.No Petition. Each party agrees that, before the
date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations,
including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor
was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either
Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 5.2 will survive the termination
of this Agreement. 

Section
5.3.Limited Recourse. Each party agrees that any claim
that it may seek to enforce against the other party under this Agreement is limited to the Sold Property only and is not a claim against
the other party's assets as a whole or against assets other than the Sold Property. This Section 5.3 will survive the termination of this
Agreement.

Section
5.4.Obligations Under Exchange Note. 

(a)Borrowers' Obligations. The Borrowers' obligations under the 2025-A Exchange
Note and the other Sold Property are solely the Borrowers' obligations and are not the Depositor's obligation or an interest in any of
the Depositor's assets. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that it has no right, title or interest in any assets of the Depositor for
the payment of amounts due or for the performance of obligations under the 2025-A Exchange Note or the other Sold Property.

(b)Subordination of Claims. The Issuer acknowledges Section 9.4 of the Credit and Security Agreement regarding the subordination
of claims against the Borrowers and agrees to be bound by it as an Exchange Noteholder.

Section
5.5.Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee. This
Agreement has been signed on behalf of the Issuer by The Bank of New York Mellon not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity
as Owner Trustee of the Issuer. In no event will The Bank of New York Mellon in its individual capacity or a beneficial owner of the Issuer
be liable for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer under this Agreement. For all
purposes under this Agreement, the Owner Trustee is subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the Trust Agreement.

Section
5.6.Issuer Obligation. No recourse may be taken, directly
or indirectly, for the obligations of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or a document delivered

11

under this Agreement,
against (a) the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, (c) any partner, owner,
beneficiary, officer, director, employee or agent of the Owner Trustee, in its individual capacity or (d) any holder of a beneficial interest
in the Owner Trustee, in its individual capacity, except as that Person may have expressly agreed. 

Section
5.7.Termination. This Agreement will terminate on
the payment in full or cancellation of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

ARTICLE
VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
6.1.Amendments.

(a)Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent
with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, in each case without the consent
of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person,
if the Depositor delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment
will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section
6.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes Outstanding (with each affected
Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class).

(b)Notice of Amendments. The Depositor or the Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly
after the execution of an amendment, the Depositor will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies.

Section
6.2.Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. The Indenture Trustee,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the
Depositor. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section
6.3.Notices. 

(a)Notices to Parties. All notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties
must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

12

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

(ii)for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without
the requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other party.

Section
6.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
6.5.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party submits
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court
sitting in New York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the
proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
6.6.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section
6.7.No Waiver; Remedies. No party's failure or delay
in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right
or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.
The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
6.8.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity, legality
or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section
6.9.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are included
for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
6.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

13

EXECUTED BY:

FORD CREDIT
AUTO LEASE TWO LLC,

acting for its series of limited liability company interests designated as the "2025-A Series," as Depositor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

FORD
CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer 

By: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Esther Antoine

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Exchange Note Sale Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Execution Version

2025-A SERVICING
SUPPLEMENT

to the

FOURTH AMENDED AND
RESTATED

SERVICING AGREEMENT

dated as of July
22, 2005,

as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023

among

FORD
MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Servicer for the Collateral Specified Interests,the EV Specified Interest

and the 2025-A Reference Pool and as Lender,

CAB EAST LLC and

CAB WEST LLC,

each acting for its series of limited liability company interests

designated as the "Collateral Specified Interest" and the "EV Specified Interest,"

as a Titling Company

and

HTD LEASING LLC,

as Collateral Agent

Dated
as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE
AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section
1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II REFERENCE POOL 1

Section
2.1. Acknowledgment 1

ARTICLE III SERVICING
OF LEASES AND LEASED VEHICLES 2

Section
3.1. Engagement 2

Section
3.2. Collection of Payments; Extensions
and Amendments 2

Section
3.3. Servicer's Reallocation of
Leases and Leased Vehicles 2

Section
3.4. Servicer Reports and Compliance
Statements 3

Section
3.5. Notices Under Servicing Agreement 4

Section
3.6. Sarbanes-Oxley Certificates 5

Section
3.7. Securities and Exchange Commission
Filings 5

Section
3.8. Review of Servicer's Records 5

Section
3.9. Servicer's Authorized and Responsible
Persons 5

Section
3.10. Servicer's Fees 5

Section
3.11. Servicer's Expenses 6

ARTICLE IV ACCOUNTS,
COLLECTIONS AND APPLICATION OF FUNDS 6

Section
4.1. Bank Accounts 6

Section
4.2. Investment of Funds in Bank
Accounts 7

Section
4.3. Deposits and Payments 8

Section
4.4. Advances 9

Section
4.5. Payment of Advances 10

Section
4.6. Reserve Account Draw Amount 10

Section
4.7. Direction to Indenture Trustee
for Distributions 10

ARTICLE V SERVICER 10

Section
5.1. Servicer's Representations
and Warranties 10

Section
5.2. Indemnities of Servicer 11

Section
5.3. Reference Pool Servicer Termination
Events 11

Section
5.4. Servicer May Own Exchange Note
and Notes 12

ARTICLE VI TERMINATION 12

Section
6.1. Clean-Up Call 12

Section
6.2. Termination of Servicing Supplement 12

ARTICLE VII OTHER
AGREEMENTS 12

Section
7.1. No Petition 12

Section
7.2. Conflict with Servicing Agreement 13

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 13

Section
8.1. Amendments 13

Section
8.2. Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party
Beneficiaries 13

Section
8.3. GOVERNING LAW 13

Section
8.4. Severability 13

Section
8.5. Headings 13

Section
8.6. Counterparts 13

Exhibit
A Form of Monthly
Investor Report EA-1

2025-A
SERVICING SUPPLEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (this "Supplement"), to the Fourth
Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Servicing
Agreement"), among FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Servicer for the Collateral Specified
Interests, the EV Specified Interest and the 2025-A Reference Pool and as Lender under the Credit and Security Agreement, CAB EAST LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, and CAB WEST LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, each acting for its series of limited liability
company interests designated as the "Collateral Specified Interest" and the "EV Specified Interest," as a Titling
Company, and HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent.

BACKGROUND

The
Borrowers and the Lender have determined to issue the 2025-A Exchange Note and to designate the 2025-A Reference Pool under the Credit
and Security Agreement and the Exchange Note Supplement.

The
parties have determined to enter into this Supplement according to Section 2.3 of the Servicing Agreement to acknowledge the designation
of the 2025-A Reference Pool and identify the additional obligations required of the Servicer for the 2025-A Reference Pool and the 2025-A
Exchange Note.

The parties agree
as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1. Usage and Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Supplement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as
of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement,
dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among
CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Ford Credit,
as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that
apply to this Supplement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Supplement.

ARTICLE
II

REFERENCE POOL

Section
2.1. Acknowledgment.
The parties acknowledge that the Leases and Leased Vehicles listed in Schedule A to the Exchange Note Supplement have been allocated
to the Reference Pool designated as the "2025-A Reference Pool" under the Exchange Note Supplement. References in this
Supplement or in any other Transaction Document to "Leases" and "Leased Vehicles" will be to the Leases and Leased
Vehicles then allocated to the 2025-A Reference Pool, unless the context otherwise requires.

ARTICLE
III

SERVICING OF LEASES AND LEASED VEHICLES

Section
3.1. Engagement.
Each party agrees that the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement is also engaged as Servicer under this Supplement for the 2025-A Reference
Pool and the 2025-A Exchange Note and will act as agent of each Titling Company in the management and control of the Leases and Leased
Vehicles and for all other purposes in this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement, and Ford Credit accepts the engagement.

Section
3.2. Collection of Payments; Extensions and Amendments.
The Servicer will use reasonable efforts to collect all payments due under each Lease in the 2025-A Reference Pool. The Servicer may
waive late payment charges or other fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Lease. The Servicer may grant extensions,
refunds, rebates or adjustments on a Lease or amend a Lease according to the Servicing Procedures. However, if the Servicer (a) grants
a Payment Extension or Term Extension on a Lease in the 2025-A Reference Pool resulting in the final payment date of the Lease being
later than the Final Scheduled Payment Date of the most junior Class of Notes issued by the Issuer or (b) modifies the amount of the
Base Payment due on a Lease, it will reallocate the Lease and the related Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool under Section
3.3, unless it is required to take the action by law or court order.

Section
3.3. Servicer's Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles.

(a) 
Reallocation for Servicer Modifications. If an extension or modification of a Lease and Leased
Vehicle is made that requires them to be reallocated under Section 3.2, the Servicer will reallocate the Lease and Leased Vehicle to
the Revolving Facility Pool.

(b) 
Reallocation for Breach of Servicer's Obligations. If a Responsible Person of the Servicer
has knowledge, or receives notice from the Collateral Agent, the Depositor, the 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, the Owner Trustee or the
Indenture Trustee, of a breach of the Servicer's obligations in Section 3.3(e) or (f) of the Servicing Agreement that has a material
adverse effect on a Lease or Leased Vehicle or the rights of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in any Lease or Leased Vehicle, the
Servicer will reallocate the Lease and Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool.

(c) 
Reallocation for System Limitation or Inability to Service. If the Servicer, in its sole
discretion, determines that as a result of a receivables systems error or receivables systems limitation or for any other reason the
Servicer is unable to service a Lease according to the Servicing Procedures and the terms of this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement,
the Servicer may reallocate the Lease and Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool.

(d) 
Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles; Payment of Administrative Reallocation Amount.
For any reallocation of a Lease and Leased Vehicle by the Servicer under this Section 3.3, the Servicer will reallocate the Lease and
Leased Vehicle by paying the Administrative Reallocation Amount on the Business Day before the Payment Date (or, with satisfaction of
the Rating Agency Condition, on the Payment Date) related to the Collection Period in which the Servicer made the extension or modification
on the Lease, has knowledge or receives notice of the breach or determines the need for reallocation or, at the Servicer's option, on
or before

2

the following Payment
Date, unless the breach is cured in all material respects before that Payment Date. If Ford Credit is the Servicer, it may pay any Administrative
Reallocation Amounts according to Section 4.3(c).

(e) 
Reallocation of Leases and Leased Vehicles. When the Servicer's payment of the Administrative
Reallocation Amount for a Lease and Leased Vehicle is included in Exchange Note Available Funds for a Payment Date, the Lease and Leased
Vehicle will be deemed to have been reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool, effective as of the last day of the Collection Period
before the related Collection Period. After the reallocation, the Servicer will mark its receivables systems to indicate that the lease
and leased vehicle is no longer a Lease and Leased Vehicle in the 2025-A Reference Pool.

(f) No
Obligation to Investigate. None of the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the
Sponsor, the Depositor or the Administrator will be obligated to investigate whether a breach or other event has occurred that would
require the reallocation of any Lease and Leased Vehicle under this Section 3.3 or whether any Lease and Leased Vehicle is required to
be reallocated under this Section 3.3.

(g) 
Reallocation is Sole Remedy. The sole remedy of the Collateral Agent, the Depositor, the
2025-A Exchange Noteholder, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Secured Parties for the occurrence of a condition stated
in Section 3.2 or a breach of a covenant made by the Servicer in Section 3.3(e) or (f) of the Servicing Agreement is the Servicer's reallocation
of the Lease and the Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool under this Section 3.3.

(h) 
Reallocation for Advance Payment Plan Lease Refunds. If the Servicer determines to refund
any amounts that were paid by a Lessee under an Advance Payment Plan Lease at the time it was originated, the Servicer may reallocate
the Advance Payment Plan Lease and related Leased Vehicle to the Revolving Facility Pool.

Section
3.4. Servicer Reports and Compliance Statements.

(a) 
Monthly Reports.

(i) Investor
Report. At least two Business Days before each Payment Date, the Servicer will deliver to the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee, the Note Paying Agent, the Administrator and the Rating Agencies a servicing report substantially in the form of Exhibit A (the
"Monthly Investor Report") for that Payment Date and the related Collection Period. A Responsible Person of the Servicer
will certify that the information in the Monthly Investor Report is accurate in all material respects. The Servicer will include the
disclosure required by Rule 4(c)(1)(ii) of Regulation RR in the first Monthly Investor Report.

(ii) Asset-Level
Information. On or before the 15th day following each Payment Date, the Servicer will prepare a Form ABS-EE, including an asset data
file and asset-related document containing the asset-level information for each Lease and Leased Vehicle for the prior Collection Period
as required by Item 1A of Form 10-D.

3

(iii) Benchmark
Replacement; Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Upon receipt of notice from the Issuer of the determination of a Benchmark
Replacement and/or the making of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Servicer will include in the Monthly Investor Report
any information regarding the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any such Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes provided by the Issuer.

(b) Annual
Statement of Compliance. The Servicer will deliver to the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the
Rating Agencies within 90 days after the end of each year, starting with the year after the Closing Date, an Officer's Certificate signed
by a Responsible Person of the Servicer, stating that (i) a review of the Servicer's activities during the prior year and of its performance
under this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement has been made under the Responsible Person's supervision and (ii) to the Responsible
Person's knowledge, based on the review, the Servicer has fulfilled in all material respects all of its obligations under this Supplement
and the Servicing Agreement throughout the prior year or, if there has been a failure to fulfill any obligation in any material respect,
stating each failure known to the Responsible Person and the nature and status of the failure. A copy of this Officer's Certificate may
be obtained by any Noteholder or Note Owner by request to the Indenture Trustee.

(c) 
Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria and Attestation. The Servicer
will:

(i) deliver
to the Depositor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Rating Agencies, a report on its assessment of compliance
with the minimum servicing criteria during the prior year, including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance identified
by the Servicer, as required by Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB; and

(ii) cause
a firm of registered public accountants to deliver an attestation report on the assessment of compliance with the minimum servicing criteria
that (A) satisfies the requirements of Rule 13a-18 or 15d-18 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (B) complies with Rules 1-02(a)(3)
and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (C) indicates that the firm is qualified and independent within the meaning
of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act.

These reports will
be delivered within 90 days after the end of each year, starting in the year after the Closing Date. A copy of these reports may be obtained
by any Noteholder or Note Owner by request to the Indenture Trustee.

(d) Termination
of Reporting Obligation. The Servicer's obligation to deliver or cause the delivery of reports under this Section 3.4 will terminate
on payment in full of the Notes.

Section
3.5. Notices Under Servicing Agreement.

(a) 
Notices and Certificates Under Servicing Agreement. The Servicer will deliver each notice
or certificate received by it or delivered by it under the Servicing Agreement relating to this Supplement or the 2025-A Reference Pool
to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Administrator within five Business Days of receipt or delivery by the Servicer.

4

(b) 
Notice of Merger or Consolidation. The Servicer will notify the Exchange Noteholder and the
Rating Agencies of any merger, consolidation, succession or assignment under Section 7.7 of the Servicing Agreement.

(c) 
Notice of Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event. The Servicer will notify the Depositor,
the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Rating Agencies of any Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event for the
2025-A Reference Pool or any event that with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Reference Pool Servicer Termination
Event for the 2025-A Reference Pool, no later than five Business Days after a Responsible Person of the Servicer has knowledge of the
event.

Section
3.6. Sarbanes-Oxley Certificates.
If directed by the Administrator, the Servicer will prepare, execute and deliver all certificates or other documents required to be delivered
by the Issuer under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Section
3.7. Securities and Exchange Commission Filings.
To the extent permitted by law, the Servicer is authorized to execute and, on the request of the Issuer or the Administrator, will prepare,
execute and file, on behalf of the Issuer, any Securities and Exchange Commission filings required to be filed by the Issuer under Section
7.3 of the Indenture.

Section
3.8. Review of Servicer's Records.
The Servicer will maintain records and documents relating to its performance under this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement according
to its customary business practices. On reasonable request not more than once during any year, the Servicer will give the Issuer, the
Depositor, the Administrator, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee (or their representatives) access to the records and documents
to conduct a review of the Servicer's performance under this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement. Any access or review will be conducted
at the Servicer's offices during its normal business hours at a time reasonably convenient to the Servicer and in a manner that will
minimize disruption to its business operations. Any access or review will be subject to the Servicer's confidentiality and privacy policies.

Section
3.9. Servicer's Authorized and Responsible Persons.
On or before the Closing Date, the Servicer will notify the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee of each Person who (a) is authorized
to give instructions and directions to the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Servicer and (b) is a Responsible
Person for the Servicer. The Servicer may change such Persons by notifying the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee.

Section
3.10. Servicer's Fees.

(a) 
Reference Pool Servicing Fee. As compensation for performing its obligations under the Servicing
Agreement and this Supplement relating to the 2025-A Reference Pool, the Servicer will be paid the Reference Pool Servicing Fee.

(i) The
"Reference Pool Servicing Fee" will, for a Payment Date, be an amount equal to the sum of (A) the product of: (1) one-twelfth
of 1.00%; times (2) the Pool Balance as of the last day of the related Collection Period (or the Cutoff Date for the first Payment
Date), plus (B) the portion of the Reference Pool Servicing Fee for the prior Payment Date, if any, that was not paid on that
Payment Date.

5

(ii) The
Reference Pool Servicing Fee will be payable solely from, and the right of the Servicer to receive the Reference Pool Servicing Fee will
be limited in recourse to, the 2025-A Collections and other amounts applied to the payment of that fee under the Exchange Note Supplement.

(b) 
Lease Administration Amounts. As additional compensation for performing its obligations under
the Servicing Agreement and this Supplement and as reimbursement for costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations, the Servicer
will be entitled to retain for its own account Lease Administration Amounts (or to withdraw and retain Lease Administration Amounts that
nevertheless have been deposited in the Exchange Note Collection Account). Lease Administration Amounts are the property of the Servicer.

(c) 
Administration Fee. As compensation for the performance of its obligations under the Servicing
Agreement and this Supplement relating to the servicing of the 2025-A Exchange Note, the Servicer will be entitled to the Administration
Fee, payable according to the Exchange Note Supplement.

Section
3.11. Servicer's Expenses.
If Ford Credit is the Servicer, it may retain for its own account 2025-A Collections to the extent of reimbursable amounts under Section
3.8 of the Servicing Agreement for the 2025-A Reference Pool.

ARTICLE
IV

ACCOUNTS, COLLECTIONS AND APPLICATION OF FUNDS

Section
4.1. Bank Accounts

(a) 
Establishment of Bank Accounts. On or before the Exchange Note Issuance Date, the Servicer
will establish the following segregated trust accounts at a Qualified Institution (initially the corporate trust department of U.S. Bank
National Association), each in the name "U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, as secured party for
Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A", to be designated as follows:

(i) "Exchange
Note Collection Account" with account number 290768000;

(ii) "Collection
Account" with account number 290768001; and

(iii) "Reserve
Account" with account number 290768002.

(b) 
Control of the Bank Accounts. Each of the Bank Accounts will be under the control of the
Indenture Trustee so long as the Bank Accounts remain subject to the Lien of the Indenture, except that the Servicer may make deposits
to and direct the Indenture Trustee to make deposits to or withdrawals from the Bank Accounts according to the Transaction Documents.
The Servicer may direct the Indenture Trustee to withdraw from the Exchange Note Collection Account and pay to the Servicer or as directed
by the Servicer amounts that are not Exchange Note Available Funds for a Collection Period or that were deposited in the Exchange Note
Collection Account in error. After the Notes are paid in full and the Bank Accounts are released from the Lien of the Indenture, the
Exchange Note Collection Account will be under the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collection Account will be under the control
of the Servicer and the Reserve Account

6

will be under the
control of the Depositor. Following the payment in full of the 2025-A Exchange Note, the Exchange Note Collection Account will be under
the control of the Borrowers.

(c) 
Benefit of Accounts; Deposits and Withdrawals. The Bank Accounts and all cash, money, securities,
investments, financial assets and other property deposited in or credited to them will be maintained by the Indenture Trustee (i) until
the payment in full of the Notes and the release of the Bank Accounts from the Lien under the Indenture, as secured party for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, (ii) then, until the payment in full of the 2025-A Exchange Note, as agent of the Collateral Agent and (iii)
then, as agent of the Borrowers. All deposits to and withdrawals from the Bank Accounts will be made according to the Transaction Documents.

(d) 
Maintenance of Accounts. If an institution maintaining the Bank Accounts ceases to be a Qualified
Institution, the Servicer will, with the Indenture Trustee's assistance as necessary, move the Bank Accounts to a Qualified Institution
within 30 days.

(e) 
Compliance. Each Bank Account will be subject to the Account Control Agreement or the Titling
Company Account Control Agreement. The Servicer will ensure that the Account Control Agreement and the Titling Company Account Control
Agreement require the Qualified Institution maintaining the Bank Accounts to comply with "entitlement orders" (as defined in
Section 8-102 of the UCC) from the Indenture Trustee without further consent of the Issuer, if the Notes are Outstanding, or the Borrowers,
if the 2025-A Exchange Note is Outstanding, and to act as a "securities intermediary" according to the UCC.

Section
4.2. Investment of Funds in Bank Accounts.

(a) 
Permitted Investments. If no Default, Event of Default or Exchange Note Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Servicer may instruct the Indenture Trustee to invest any funds in the Bank Accounts in Permitted Investments
and, if investment instructions are received, the Indenture Trustee will direct the Qualified Institution maintaining the Bank Accounts
to invest the funds in the Bank Accounts in those Permitted Investments. The investment instructions from the Servicer may be in the
form of a standing instruction. If (i) the Servicer fails to give investment instructions for any funds in a Bank Account to the Indenture
Trustee by 11:00 a.m. New York time (or other time as may be agreed by the Indenture Trustee) on the Business Day before a Payment Date
or (ii) the Qualified Institution receives notice from the Indenture Trustee that a Default, Event of Default or Exchange Note Default
has occurred and is continuing for the Notes or the 2025-A Exchange Note, the Qualified Institution will invest and reinvest funds in
the Bank Accounts according to the last investment instructions received, if any. If no prior investment instructions have been received
or if the instructed investments are no longer available or permitted, the Indenture Trustee will notify the Servicer and request new
investment instructions, and the funds will remain uninvested until new investment instructions are received. The Servicer may direct
the Indenture Trustee to consent, vote, waive or take any other action, or not to take any action, on any matters available to the holder
of the Permitted Investments.

(b) 
Maturity of Investments. Any Permitted Investments of funds in the Bank Accounts (or any
reinvestments of the Permitted Investments) for a Collection Period must mature, if applicable, and be available no later than the Business
Day before the related Payment Date. However, funds in the Reserve Account may be invested in Permitted Investments that will

7

not mature or be available
before the related Payment Date if the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied for the investment. Any Permitted Investments with
a maturity date will be held to their maturity, except that such Permitted Investments may be sold or disposed of before their maturity
(i) if they relate to funds in the Reserve Account required to satisfy the Reserve Account Draw Amount on a Payment Date or (ii) in connection
with the sale or liquidation of the Leases and Leased Vehicles following an Exchange Note Default under Section 6.6(a) of the Credit
and Security Agreement.

(c) 
No Liability for Investments. None of the Depositor, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee
or the Qualified Institution maintaining any Bank Account will be liable for the selection of Permitted Investments or for investment
losses incurred on Permitted Investments (other than in the capacity as obligor, if applicable).

(d) 
Continuation of Liens in Investments. The Servicer will not direct the Indenture Trustee
to make any investment of any funds or to sell any investment held in the Bank Account unless the security interest Granted and perfected
in the account in favor of the Indenture Trustee will continue to be perfected in the investment or the proceeds of the sale without
further action by any Person.

(e) 
Investment Earnings. The Servicer will receive investment earnings (net of losses and investment
expenses) on funds in the Bank Accounts as additional compensation for the servicing of the Leases and Leased Vehicles. The Servicer
will direct the Indenture Trustee to withdraw the investment earnings and distribute them to the Servicer on each Payment Date.

Section
4.3. Deposits and Payments.

(a) 
Exchange Note Issuance Date Deposit. On the Exchange Note Issuance Date, the Servicer will
deposit in the Exchange Note Collection Account an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Cutoff Date Payahead Amount and (ii) all Active
Lease Proceeds, Terminating Lease Proceeds and Closed Lease Proceeds (excluding Recoveries) received and applied on the Leases during
the period from the Cutoff Date to two Business Days before the Exchange Note Issuance Date.

(b) 
Deposit of Collections.

(i) If
the Servicer's short term unsecured debt is not rated at least the Monthly Deposit Required Ratings or a Reference Pool Servicer Termination
Event for the 2025-A Reference Pool occurs, the Servicer will deposit in the Exchange Note Collection Account all Active Lease Proceeds,
Terminating Lease Proceeds and Closed Lease Proceeds (excluding Recoveries) received and applied on the Leases within two Business Days
after application.

(ii) If
the Servicer is Ford Credit and Ford Credit's short term unsecured debt is rated at least "F1" by Fitch and "P-1"
by Moody's (the "Monthly Deposit Required Ratings"), Ford Credit may deposit all Active Lease Proceeds, Terminating
Lease Proceeds and Closed Lease Proceeds (excluding Recoveries) received and applied on the Leases in the Exchange Note Collection Account
on the Business Day before each Payment Date or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on each Payment Date.

8

(iii) The
Servicer may deposit in the Exchange Note Collection Account all Administrative Reallocation Amounts, Active Lease Advances, Payment
Extension Fees and Recoveries received and applied in a Collection Period on the Business Day before the related Payment Date or, with
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on the related Payment Date.

(c) 
Reconciliation of Deposits. If Ford Credit is the Servicer and for any Payment Date, the
sum of (i) 2025-A Collections for the Collection Period, plus (ii) Administrative Reallocation Amounts for the Payment Date, exceeds
the amounts deposited under Section 4.3(b) for the Collection Period, Ford Credit will deposit an amount equal to the excess into the
Collection Account on the Business Day before the Payment Date or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, on the Payment Date.
If, for any Payment Date, the amounts deposited under Section 4.3(b) for the Collection Period exceed the sum of (i) 2025-A Collections
for the Collection Period, plus (ii) Administrative Reallocation Amounts for the Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee will pay
to Ford Credit an amount equal to the excess within two Business Days of Ford Credit's direction, but no later than the Payment Date.
If requested by the Indenture Trustee, Ford Credit will provide reasonable supporting details for its calculation of the amounts to be
deposited or paid under this Section 4.3(c).

(d) 
Net Deposits. Ford Credit may make the deposits and payments required by Section 4.3(b) net
of Reference Pool Servicing Fees to be paid to Ford Credit for the Collection Period, Advance Reimbursement Amounts the Servicer is permitted
to retain under Section 4.4(b) and amounts the Servicer is permitted to retain or be reimbursed for under Section 3.10. The Servicer
will account for all deposits and payments in the Monthly Investor Report as if the amounts were deposited and/or paid separately.

(e) 
No Segregation. Pending deposit in the Exchange Note Collection Account, the Servicer is
not required to segregate 2025-A Collections or Payaheads from its own funds.

Section
4.4. Advances.

(a) 
Advances by Servicer. The Servicer may, at its option, make an advance for each Active Lease
other than an Advance Payment Plan Lease and each Collection Period if the Base Payment exceeds the sum of (i) Active Lease Proceeds
(which may be positive or negative) plus (ii) the Payahead Draw, by depositing the amount of the excess (equal to the Active Lease
Advance) in the Exchange Note Collection Account on the Business Day before the related Payment Date or, with satisfaction of the Rating
Agency Condition, on that Payment Date. However, the Servicer will only make Active Lease Advances on a Lease if the Servicer, in its
sole discretion, determines that the advances will be recoverable from subsequent 2025-A Collections (whether relating to the Lease and
Leased Vehicle or another Lease or Leased Vehicle) under Section 4.3(b).

(b) 
Reimbursement for Outstanding Advances. During each Collection Period, the Servicer will
be reimbursed for any outstanding Advance Balance on a Lease for the prior Collection Period (or, for the first Collection Period, as
of the Cutoff Date) by retaining the following amounts (the "Advance Reimbursement Amount") in the following order of
priority:

9

(i) first,
if the Lease is an Active Lease in the Collection Period, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of (1) Active Lease Proceeds,
plus (2) the Administrative Reallocation Amount, if any, minus (3) the Base Payment, in each case for the Lease and the Collection Period
and (B) the Advance Balance;

(ii) second,
if the Lease is a Terminating Lease or a Closed Lease in the Collection Period, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of (1) the
Terminating Lease Proceeds, plus (2) the Closed Lease Proceeds, plus (3) the Administrative Reallocation Amount, if any, in each case
for the Lease and the Collection Period and (B) the Advance Balance; and

(iii) third,
on and after the Collection Period that includes the Closed Date for the Lease, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of Active
Lease Proceeds, Terminating Lease Proceeds, Closed Lease Proceeds and Administrative Reallocation Amounts (in each case not relating
to the Lease) for the Collection Period and (B) the excess, if any, of (1) the Advance Balance over (2) the amount retained by
the Servicer under Section 4.3(b)(ii) for the current Collection Period.

(c) 
Direction for Reimbursement. The Servicer may direct the Indenture Trustee, if the Notes
are Outstanding, and then, the Collateral Agent, to withdraw from the Exchange Note Collection Account and pay to the Servicer any amounts
the Servicer is entitled to retain under this Section 4.4(c) if those amounts have been deposited in the Exchange Note Collection Account.

Section
4.5. Payment of Advances.
If a successor Servicer is appointed under the Servicing Agreement, the predecessor Servicer will be entitled to be reimbursed for the
Advance Balances outstanding on the date of resignation or termination of the predecessor Servicer. Advance Reimbursement Amount for
a Lease will be applied (a) first, to the Advance Balances outstanding on the date of resignation or termination of the predecessor
Servicer and (b) second, to any remaining Advance Balances.

Section
4.6. Reserve Account Draw Amount.
At least two Business Days before each Payment Date, the Servicer will calculate the Reserve Account Draw Amount for the Payment
Date and will direct the Indenture Trustee to withdraw the amount, if any, from the Reserve Account and deposit it in the Exchange Note
Collection Account.

Section
4.7. Direction to Indenture Trustee for Distributions.
At least two Business Days before a Payment Date, the Servicer will direct the Indenture Trustee (based on the most recent Monthly Investor
Report) to make the withdrawals, deposits, distributions and payments required to be made on the Payment Date under Section 5.1 of the
Exchange Note Supplement, Section 8.2 of the Indenture and Section 4.3(c) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

SERVICER

Section
5.1. Servicer's Representations and Warranties.
The Servicer has made the representations and warranties in Section 6.1 of the Servicing Agreement, which representations and warranties
(i) the Lender, the Titling Companies and the Collateral Agent have relied on, and the Depositor and the Issuer will rely on in acquiring
the 2025-A Exchange Note, and (ii) are

10

remade
as of the Exchange Note Issuance Date and will survive the sale and assignment of the 2025-A Exchange Note by Ford Credit to the Depositor
under the Exchange Note Purchase Agreement and by the Depositor to the Issuer under the Exchange Note Sale Agreement and the pledge of
the 2025-A Exchange Note by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture.

Section
5.2. Indemnities of Servicer.

(a) 
Indemnification under Servicing Agreement. In addition to the Indemnified Persons listed
in Section 6.3(a) of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will also indemnify the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
as "Indemnified Persons" under that Section.

(b) 
Indemnification for Servicing. The Servicer will indemnify each Titling Company, each Holding
Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lender, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the 2025-A
Exchange Noteholder and their officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person") for all fees,
expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the Servicer's (including in its capacity as Custodian) willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under the Transaction Documents (including the fees and expenses of defending themselves
against any loss, damage or liability and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any proceedings brought by the Indemnified
Person to enforce the Servicer's indemnification obligations).

(c) 
Proceedings. If an Indemnified Person receives notice of a proceeding against it, the Indemnified
Person will, if a claim will be made against the Servicer under this Section 5.2, promptly notify the Servicer of the proceeding. The
Servicer may participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a proceeding at its expense. If the Servicer notifies the Indemnified
Person of its intention to assume the defense of the proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, and so
long as the Servicer assumes the defense of the proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, the Servicer
will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Person unless there is a conflict between the interests of the
Servicer and the Indemnified Person. If there is a conflict, the Servicer will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel
to the Indemnified Person. No settlement of a proceeding may be made without the approval of the Servicer and the Indemnified Person,
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.

(d) 
Survival of Obligations. The Servicer's obligations under this Section 5.2, for the period
it was the Servicer, will survive the Servicer's resignation or termination, the termination of this Supplement, the resignation or removal
of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee and the termination of the Issuer.

(e) 
Repayment. If the Servicer makes a payment to an Indemnified Person under this Section 5.2
and the Indemnified Person later collects from others any amounts for which the payment was made, the Indemnified Person will promptly
repay those amounts to the Servicer.

Section
5.3. Reference Pool Servicer Termination Events.
The Reference Pool Servicer Termination Events applicable to the 2025-A Reference Pool are as stated in Section 7.3(a) of the Servicing
Agreement. There are no additional Reference Pool Servicer Termination Events for the 2025-A Reference Pool.

11

Section
5.4. Servicer May Own Exchange Note and Notes.
The Servicer and any Affiliate of the Servicer may, in its individual or other capacity, become the owner or pledgee of the 2025-A Exchange
Note and the Notes with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Servicer or an Affiliate of the Servicer, except as otherwise
stated in any Transaction Document. 

ARTICLE
VI

TERMINATION

Section
6.1. Clean-Up Call.

(a) 
Servicer Option. If the aggregate Note Balance on any Payment Date (after giving effect to
any principal payments to be made on the Notes on such Payment Date) is equal to or less than 10% of the initial aggregate Note Balance,
the Servicer will have the option to purchase the 2025-A Exchange Note in whole but not in part on such Payment Date. The Servicer may
exercise its option to purchase the 2025-A Exchange Note by (i) notifying the Collateral Agent, the Borrowers, the Owner Trustee, the
Administrative Agent, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies at least ten days before the related Payment Date (which Payment
Date will be the Exchange Note Purchase Date) and (ii) depositing in the Exchange Note Collection Account an amount equal to the Exchange
Note Purchase Price on the Business Day before the Exchange Note Purchase Date (or, with satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition,
on the Exchange Note Purchase Date). However, the Servicer may not exercise its option to purchase the 2025-A Exchange Note unless the
sum of (i) the Exchange Note Purchase Price and (ii) the amount in the Exchange Note Collection Account for the related Collection Period,
is greater than or equal to the sum of (A) the Note Redemption Price for the Notes and (B) all other amounts payable by the Issuer under
the Transaction Documents.

(b) 
Cancellation and Reallocation. If the Servicer and the Lender under the Credit and Security
Agreement are the same entity, on purchase of the 2025-A Exchange Note by the Servicer under Section 6.1(a), the Servicer may, on notice
to the Borrowers, the Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, direct that the 2025-A Exchange Note be cancelled by
the Lender and the Leases and related Leased Vehicles be reallocated to the Revolving Facility Pool by the Collateral Agent.

Section
6.2. Termination of Servicing Supplement.
This Supplement will terminate when the Servicing Agreement terminates, and may also be terminated by the Servicer or the Titling Companies
at any time after the payment in full or cancellation of the 2025-A Exchange Note.

ARTICLE
VII

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
7.1. No Petition.
Each party agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment
in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor
or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person
in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively,
any bankruptcy,

12

reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 7.1 will survive
the termination of this Supplement.

Section
7.2. Conflict with Servicing Agreement.
If there is a conflict between this Supplement and the Servicing Agreement, this Supplement will govern for the 2025-A Reference Pool
only.

ARTICLE
VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
8.1. Amendments.
This Supplement may be amended according to Section 9.1 of the Servicing Agreement (including to clarify an ambiguity, correct
an error or correct or supplement any term of this Supplement that may be defective or inconsistent with the terms of any prospectus
or offering memorandum related to the Notes). Promptly on the execution of an amendment to this Supplement or the Servicing Agreement,
(a) the Servicer will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Administrator and the Rating Agencies
and (b) the Indenture Trustee will notify each Noteholder of the substance of the amendment.

Section
8.2. Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Servicing Agreement and this Supplement are for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors
and assigns. The 2025-A Exchange Noteholder, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties will
be third-party beneficiaries of this Supplement and may enforce this Supplement against the Servicer. No other Person will have any right
or obligation under this Supplement.

Section
8.3. GOVERNING LAW.
THIS SUPPLEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
8.4. Severability.
If a part of this Supplement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Supplement
and will in no way affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Supplement.

Section
8.5. Headings.
The headings in this Supplement are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Supplement.

Section
8.6. Counterparts.
This Supplement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and the counterparts will together be
one document.

[Remainder of Page
Left Blank]

13

EXECUTED BY:

FORD MOTOR CREDIT
COMPANY LLC,

as
Servicer for the Collateral Specified Interests, the EV Specified Interest and the 2025-A
Reference Pool and as Lender

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan
Hershberger

Title: Assistant
Treasurer

CAB EAST LLC,

acting
for its series of limited liability company interests designated as the "Collateral
Specified Interest" and the "EV Specified Interest," as a Titling Company

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan
Hershberger

Title: President
and Assistant Treasurer

CAB WEST LLC,

acting
for its series of limited liability company interests designated as the "Collateral
Specified Interest" and the "EV Specified Interest," as a Titling Company

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan
Hershberger

Title: President
and Assistant Treasurer

HTD LEASING
LLC,

as
Collateral Agent

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

[Signature
Page to Servicing Supplement]

Exhibit A

Form of Monthly
Investor Report

Ford
Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

Monthly Investor Report

Payment Date

Collection Period

Transaction Month

Additional information about the
structure, cashflows, defined terms and parties for this transaction can be found in the prospectus, available on the SEC website
(http://www.sec.gov) under the registration number 333-265473 and at
https://www.ford.com/finance/investor-center/asset-backed-securitization.

I. SUMMARY

Initial
Balance Beginning
of 

Period Balance End
of Period

Balance End
of Period

Factor

2025-A
Reference Pool Balance 

Total
Note Balance 

Total
Overcollateralization 

2025-A
Exchange Note Balance 

2025-A
Exchange Note Overcollateralization 

Overcollateralization Beginning
of 

Period End
of Period

2025-A
Reference Pool Balance as a % of Total Note Balance 

2025-A
Reference Pool Balance as a % of 2025-A Exchange Note Balance 

Note
Interest Rate Initial
Balance Beginning
of 

Period Balance End
of Period 

Balance End
of Period

Factor

Class
A-1 Notes 

Class
A-2a Notes 

Class
A-2b Notes 

Class
A-3 Notes 

Class
A-4 Notes 

Class
B Notes 

Class
C Notes 

Class
D Notes 

Total 

Principal
Payments Interest
Payments Total
Payments

Actual per 
$1000 Face Actual per
$1000 Face Actual per
$1000 Face

Class
A-1 Notes 

Class
A-2a Notes 

Class
A-2b Notes 

Class
A-3 Notes 

Class
A-4 Notes 

Class
B Notes 

Class
C Notes 

Class
D Notes 

Total 

EA-1

II. POOL INFORMATION

Lease
Balance Securitization
Value Residual
Portion of

Securitization Value

2025-A
Reference Pool 

Beginning
of Period 

Change 

End
of Period 

Residual
Portion of Securitization Value as % of Securitization Value at end of period

At
Cutoff Date Terminations
in

Prior Periods Beginning
of

Period Terminations
in

Current Period End
of Period

Number
of Leases 

Weighted
Average Remaining Term to Maturity in Months Beginning
of

Period End
of Period

Delinquent
Leases Number
of Leases Securitization
Value %
of End of Period

Reference Pool 

Balance

31
60 Days Delinquent 

61
90 Days Delinquent 

91
120 Days Delinquent 

Over
120 Days Delinquent 

Total Delinquent
Leases 

Delinquency
Trigger (61+ Delinquent Leases): Trigger:
0.45% 

61+
Delinquent Leases Balance to EOP Reference Pool Balance: 

Delinquency
Trigger Occurred: [Y/N] 

Payment
Extensions Granted in the Current Collection Period Number
of Leases Securitization
Value 

1
Month Extensions 

2
Month Extensions 

3
Month Extensions 

Total
Extensions 

Prepayment
Speed Current
Period Cumulative 

III. EXCHANGE NOTE COLLECTIONS
AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Collections 

Base
Monthly Payments (Rent) 

plus: Payoffs 

plus: Other
(including extension fees, excess charges, etc.) 

minus: Payaheads 

plus: Payahead
Draws 

plus: Advances 

minus: Advance
Reimbursement Amounts 

plus:
Administrative Reallocation Amounts 

plus: Net
Sale Proceeds 

plus: Recoveries 

Total
Collections 

Reserve
Account Draw Amount 

Total
Collections Plus 

Reserve Account Draw Amounts 

Exchange Note Distributions

Amount
Due Amount
Paid Remaining

Available Funds Shortfall

Ref
Pool Servicing Fee and Adv Reimbursement 

EA-2

2025-A
Exchange Note Interest Payment 

Shortfall
Payment (to cover Notes) 

Reserve
Account Deposit 

2025-A
Exchange Note Principal Payment 

Shared
Amounts 

Excess
Exchange Note Amounts 

Total 

IV. AVAILABLE FUNDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Available
Funds 

2025-A
Exchange Note Interest Payment 

2025-A
Exchange Note Principal Payment 

Shortfall
Payment (to cover Notes) 

Excess
Exchange Note Amounts 

Total 

ABS
Note Distributions Amount
Due Amount
Paid Remaining

Available Funds Shortfall

Trustee
Fees and Expenses 

Administration
Fee 

Class
A-1 Interest 

Class
A-2a Interest 

Class
A-2b Interest 

Class
A-3 Interest 

Class
A-4 Interest 

Total
Class A Interest 

First
Priority Principal Payment 

Class
B Interest 

Second
Priority Principal Payment 

Class
C Interest 

Third
Priority Principal Payment 

Class
D Interest 

Specified
Reserve Deposit 

Regular
Principal Payment 

Additional
Trustee Fee and Expenses 

Remaining
Funds to Holder of Residual Interest 

Total 

V. RECONCILIATION OF ADVANCES
AND PAYAHEADS

Advances 

Beginning
of Period Advance Balance 

plus:
Additional Advances 

minus:
Advance of Reimbursement Amounts 

End
of Period Advance Balance 

Payaheads 

Beginning
of Period Payahead Balance 

plus:
Additional Payaheads 

minus:
Payahead Draws 

End
of Period Payahead Balance 

VI. RESERVE ACCOUNT

Beginning
of Period Reserve Account Balance 

minus:
Reserve Account Draw 

plus: Reserve
Deposit from Exchange Note Distributions 

plus:
Reserve Deposit from Note Distributions 

End
of Period Reserve Account Balance 

Memo: Required
Reserve Amount 

VII. OVERCOLLATERALIZATION INFORMATION

Targeted
Overcollateralization Amount 

EA-3

Actual
Overcollateralization Amount (EOP Pool Balance EOP Note Balance) 

VIII. LEASE TERMINATIONS

Number
of Leases Securitization
Value

Current
Period Cumulative Current
Period Cumulative

Retained
Vehicles 

Early
Terminations 

Standard
Terminations 

Total
Retained 

Returned
Vehicles 

Early
Terminations 

Standard
Terminations 

Total
Returned 

Charged
Off /Repossessed Vehicles 

Removals
by Servicer and Other 

Total
Terminations 

Memo:
1) Removals of Leases Terminated in Prior Periods Current
Period Cumulative

2) Number
of Leases Scheduled to Terminate 

Return
Rate (Returned/Total Terminations) 

Early
Termination Rate (Early Terminations /Total Terminations) 

Note: An Early Termination
is a lease that terminates more than three months prior to the month in which it is scheduled to terminate.

IX. GAIN (LOSS) CALCULATIONS

Number
of Leases Gain
(Loss)

Current
Period Cumulative Current
Period Cumulative

Gain
(Loss) on Retained Vehicles 

Customer
Payments 

plus:
Payahead draws 

minus:
Unreimbursed Advances 

minus:
Securitization Value of Retained Vehicles 

Total 

Gain
(Loss) Per Retained Vehicle 

Gain
(Loss) on Returned Vehicles 

Customer
Payments 

plus:
Net Sale Proceeds 

plus:
Payahead Draws 

minus:
Unreimbursed Advances 

minus:
Securitization Value of Returned Vehicles 

Total 

Gain
(Loss) Per Returned Vehicle 

Credit
Gain (Loss) Charged Off / Repo Vehicles 

Credit
Gain (Loss) Per Charged Off / Repo Vehicle 

Recoveries 

Total
Gain (Loss)- - Net of Recoveries 

Average
Gain (Loss) on all Retained, Returned, and Repossessed Vehicles 

Removals
by Servicer and Other 

Note: There is no
Gain or Loss on Removals 

Memo:
Residual Gain (Loss) on Returned Vehicles 

Net
Sale Proceeds 

plus:
Excess Wear and Use and Excess Mileage Assessed 

minus:
Residual Portion of Securitization Value 

Total 

Residual
Gain (Loss) Per Returned Vehicle 

EA-4

Prior and Current
Collection Periods Average Gain (Loss): Percent

Ratio
of Total Gain (Loss) to the Average Pool Balance (annualized) 

Third
Prior Collection Period 

Second
Prior Collection Period 

Prior
Collection Period 

Current
Collection Period 

Four
Month Average (Current and Prior Three Collection Periods) 

Ratio of Cumulative Total
Gain (Loss) for all Collection Periods to Initial Pool Balance

X. CREDIT RISK RETENTION INFORMATION

The fair value of the Notes
and the Residual Interest on the Closing Date is summarized below:

Fair Value

(Mils.) Fair Value

(%)

Class
A notes $ %

Class
B notes $ %

Class
C notes $ %

Class
D notes $ %

Residual
Interest $ %

Total $ %

The Depositor must retain a Residual Interest
with a fair value of at least 5% of the aggregate value of the Notes and Residual Interest, or $[insert dollar amount equal to 5% of
the aggregate value of the Notes and Residual Interest], according to Regulation RR.

[Description of material differences,
if any, in methodology or key inputs and assumptions.]

XI. FLOATING RATE BENCHMARK: BENCHMARK
TRANSITION

Benchmark Transition Event:

Benchmark Replacement Date:

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement:

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment:

Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes:

EA-5

XII.
REPURCHASE DEMAND ACTIVITY (RULE 15Ga-1)

(1) Reallocation Activity

[No activity to report]

Name
of

Issuing 

Entity Check
if

Registered Name
of

Originator Total
Assets in ABS

by Originator Assets
That Were

Subject of Demand Assets
That Were

Reallocated or

Replaced Assets
Pending

Reallocation or

Replacement

(within cure period) Demand
in Dispute Demand
Withdrawn Demand
Rejected

(#) ($) (%
of 

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of 

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of 

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of 

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of 

pool

balance) (#) ($) (%
of

pool

balance)

Retail
Auto

Leases:

Ford Credit

Auto Lease

Trust 2025-A

CIK# Ford
Motor Credit Company LLC 

(2) Most Recent Form ABS-15G
for repurchase demand activity

Filed by: Ford Motor Credit
Company LLC

CIK#: 0000038009

Date: February __, 20__

EA-6

SERVICER CERTIFICATION

This report is accurate in all material respects. 

Ford Motor Credit Company LLC 

/s/ 

[Assistant Treasurer] 

EA-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

Execution Version

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

between

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer,

and

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Administrator

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II ADMINISTRATION OF ISSUER 1

Section 2.1. Engagement of Administrator 1

Section 2.2. Administrator's Rights and Obligations 1

Section 2.3. Limits on Administrator's Rights and Obligations 2

Section 2.4. Power of Attorney 3

Section 2.5. Access to Issuer Records 3

Section 2.6. Review of Administrator's Records 3

Section 2.7. Updating List of Responsible Persons 3

Section 2.8. Administrator's Fees and Expenses 3

ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATOR 3

Section 3.1. Administrator's Representations and Warranties 3

Section 3.2. Liability of Administrator 4

Section 3.3. Indemnities 5

Section 3.4. Resignation and Removal of Administrator 6

Section 3.5. Successor Administrator 7

Section 3.6. Merger, Consolidation, Succession or Assignment 7

ARTICLE IV OTHER AGREEMENTS 8

Section 4.1. Independence of Administrator; No Joint Venture 8

Section 4.2. Transactions with Affiliates; Other Transactions 8

Section 4.3. Ford Credit in Other Capacities 8

Section 4.4. No Petition 8

Section 4.5. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee 8

Section 4.6. Termination 8

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 9

Section 5.1. Amendments 9

Section 5.2. Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiary 9

Section 5.3. Notices 9

Section 5.4. GOVERNING LAW 10

Section 5.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 10

Section 5.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 10

Section 5.7. No Waiver; Remedies 10

Section 5.8. Severability 10

Section 5.9. Headings 10

Section 5.10. Counterparts 10

i

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1,
2025 (this "Agreement"), between FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust, as Issuer, and FORD
MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Administrator.

BACKGROUND

Ford Credit is the sponsor of a securitization
transaction in which the Issuer was formed under the Trust Agreement and will issue the Notes under the Indenture.

The Issuer and the Owner Trustee have obligations
under the Transaction Documents and intend that Ford Credit administer the activities of the Issuer and perform certain obligations of
the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange
Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and
restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among the CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers,
U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as Lender
and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that apply to
this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

ARTICLE
II

ADMINISTRATION OF ISSUER

Section
2.1.Engagement of Administrator. The Issuer and the
Owner Trustee engage the Administrator to perform the obligations of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Transaction Documents
as described in this Agreement, and the Administrator accepts the engagement.

Section
2.2.Administrator's Rights and Obligations. 

(a)Rights
and Obligations under Transaction Documents. The Administrator will perform the obligations of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee (in
its capacity as owner trustee under the Trust Agreement) and take all action that the Issuer is required to take under the Transaction
Documents, except for the Issuer's obligations to make payments on the Notes. In addition, the Administrator will perform the obligations
of, and may exercise any rights given to, the Administrator in the Transaction Documents as if it were a party to the Transaction Documents
in its capacity as Administrator.

(b)Consulting and Monitoring. The Administrator will consult with the Owner Trustee about performing the Issuer's obligations
under the Transaction Documents. The Administrator will monitor the Issuer's performance and will advise the Owner Trustee when action
is necessary to perform the Issuer's obligations under the Transaction Documents and to comply with the Transaction Documents.

(c)Preparing and Executing Documents. The Administrator will prepare, or cause to be prepared, all documents that the Issuer
is required to prepare, file or deliver under the Transaction Documents. The Administrator will cause the documents to be executed by
the Issuer or may execute the documents as Administrator on behalf of the Issuer. On execution of the documents by the Issuer or by the
Administrator on behalf of the Issuer, the Administrator will file or deliver the documents as required by the Transaction Documents.

(d)Notices to Rating Agencies. If Ford Credit is the Administrator, the Administrator will prepare and give all notices to
the Rating Agencies required to be given by the Issuer or the Administrator under the Transaction Documents, including notice of an Event
of Default under Section 3.15 of the Indenture and a Reference Pool Servicer Termination Event under Section 3.6(c) of the Indenture.
If Ford Credit is no longer the Administrator, the successor Administrator will prepare and provide any Rating Agency notices to the Sponsor
and will direct the Sponsor to give them to the Rating Agencies.

(e)Payment of Fees and Expenses. The Administrator may, on behalf of the Issuer, pay fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee,
the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer under the Transaction Documents.

Section
2.3.Limits on Administrator's Rights and Obligations.

(a)Non-Ministerial Matters. The Administrator will not take any action relating to a matter that, in its reasonable judgment,
is a non-ministerial matter unless, at least 30 days before taking the action, the Administrator has notified the Issuer of the proposed
action and the Issuer has not directed the Administrator not to take the action and/or provided an alternative direction before the 30th
day after receipt of the notice. For purposes of this Agreement, "non-ministerial matters" includes:

(i)starting or pursuing any proceeding by the Issuer and the settlement of any proceeding brought by or against the Issuer; and

(ii)appointing or engaging a successor Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or consenting to the assignment by the Indenture Trustee
of its obligations under the Indenture.

(b)Prohibited Actions. The Administrator will not be obligated to, and will not (i) make any payments to the Noteholders under
the Transaction Documents, (ii) sell the Collateral under Section 5.6 of the Indenture or (iii) take any other action that the Owner Trustee
or the Indenture Trustee directs the Administrator not to take on its behalf or that would result in a breach by the Issuer under a Transaction
Document.

2

(c)Obligations to be Performed by Owner Trustee. The Administrator will have no responsibility or obligation to perform the
obligations of the Owner Trustee relating to reallocation demands under Section 5.13 of the Trust Agreement or relating to Regulation
AB disclosure under Section 6.7 of the Trust Agreement.

Section
2.4.Power of Attorney. The Issuer appoints the Administrator
as the Issuer's attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution to exercise all rights of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents.
This power of attorney, and all authority given, under this Section 2.4 is revocable and is given solely to facilitate the performance
of the Administrator's obligations under this Agreement and may only be used by the Administrator consistent with this Agreement. On request
of the Administrator, the Issuer will furnish the Administrator with written powers of attorney and other documents to enable the Administrator
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Section
2.5.Access to Issuer Records. On reasonable request,
the Issuer will provide the Administrator with access, during normal business hours, to the Issuer's records and documents, but only to
the extent required by the Administrator to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Any access will be subject to the Issuer's confidentiality
and privacy policies.

Section
2.6.Review of Administrator's Records. The Administrator
will maintain records and documents relating to its performance under this Agreement according to its customary business practices. On
reasonable request not more than once during any year, the Administrator will give the Issuer, the Depositor, the Owner Trustee and the
Indenture Trustee (or their representatives) access to the records and documents to conduct a review of the Administrator's performance
under this Agreement. Any access or review will be conducted at the Administrator's offices during its normal business hours at a time
reasonably convenient to the Administrator and in a manner that will minimize disruption to its business operations. Any access or review
will be subject to the Administrator's confidentiality and privacy policies.

Section
2.7.Updating List of Responsible Persons. On or before
the Closing Date, the Administrator will notify the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Titling Companies,
the Servicer, the Holding Companies and the Depositor of each Person who is a Responsible Person for the Administrator. The Administrator
may change such Persons by notifying the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee, the Indenture Trustee, the Titling Companies, the Servicer,
the Holding Companies and the Depositor.

Section
2.8.Administrator's Fees and Expenses. The Depositor
will pay the Administrator as compensation for performing its obligations under this Agreement a fee separately agreed to by the Depositor
and the Administrator. The Administrator will be responsible for its costs and expenses in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE
III

ADMINISTRATOR

Section
3.1.Administrator's Representations and Warranties.
The Administrator represents and warrants to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee as of the Closing Date:

3

(a)Organization and Qualification. The Administrator is duly organized and validly existing as a limited liability company
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Administrator is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good
standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties
or the conduct of its activities requires qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses
or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Administrator's ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.

(b)Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Administrator has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement. The Administrator has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Administrator, enforceable against the Administrator, except as may be limited by insolvency,
bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c)No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions under this Agreement, and the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement,
guarantee or similar document under which the Administrator is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien
on the Administrator's properties or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar
document, (iii) violate the Administrator's certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement or (iv) violate a law or,
to the Administrator's knowledge, an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or
other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Administrator or its properties that applies to the Administrator, which,
in each case, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Administrator's ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.

(d)No Proceedings. To the Administrator's knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations pending or threatened in writing
before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
the Administrator or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions
under this Agreement or (iii) seeking a determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Administrator's ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

Section
3.2.Liability of Administrator.

(a)Liability for Specific Obligations. The Administrator will be liable only for its specific obligations under this Agreement.
All other liability is expressly waived and released as a condition of, and consideration for, the execution of this Agreement by the
Administrator. The Administrator will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under
this Agreement.

4

(b)No Liability of Others. The Administrator's obligations under this Agreement are corporate obligations. No Person will have
recourse, directly or indirectly, against any member, manager, officer, director, employee or agent of the Administrator for the Administrator's
obligations under this Agreement.

(c)Legal Proceedings. The Administrator is not required to start, pursue or participate in any legal proceeding that is not
incidental to its obligations under this Agreement and that in its opinion may result in liability or cause it to pay or risk funds or
incur financial liability. The Administrator may in its sole discretion start or pursue any legal proceeding to protect the interests
of the Noteholders or the Depositor under the Transaction Documents. The Administrator will be responsible for the fees and expenses of
legal counsel and any liability resulting from the legal proceeding.

(d)Force Majeure. The Administrator will not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations
under this Agreement caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including strikes, work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism,
civil or military disturbances, fire, flood, earthquakes, storms, hurricanes or other natural disasters or failures of mechanical, electronic
or communication systems, pandemics or epidemics. The Administrator will use commercially reasonable efforts to resume performance as
soon as practicable in the circumstances.

(e)Reliance by Administrator. The Administrator may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on any document believed
to be genuine and to have been executed by the proper party for any matters under this Agreement.

Section
3.3.Indemnities. 

(a)Indemnification. The Administrator will indemnify the Indenture Trustee (in each of its capacities under the Transaction
Documents), the Financial Institution, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Asset Representations Reviewer and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person"), for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities
resulting from the Indenture Trustee, the Financial Institution, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Asset Representations
Reviewer entering into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the exercise of their respective rights or performance of
their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents (including the fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage
or liability and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any proceedings brought by the Indemnified Person to enforce the Administrator's
indemnification obligations), but excluding any fee, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from its willful misconduct, bad faith
or negligence (other than errors in judgment) or breach of their respective representations or warranties in the Transaction Documents.

5

(b)Proceedings. If an Indemnified Person receives notice of a proceeding against it, the Indemnified Person will, if a claim
is to be made against the Administrator under Section 3.3(a), promptly notify the Administrator of the proceeding. The Administrator may
participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a proceeding at its expense. If the Administrator notifies the Indemnified Person
of its intention to assume the defense of the proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, and so long as
the Administrator assumes the defense of the proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, the Administrator
will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Person unless there is a conflict between the interests of the
Administrator and the Indemnified Person. If there is a conflict, the Administrator will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of separate
counsel to the Indemnified Person. No settlement of a proceeding may be made without the approval of the Administrator and the Indemnified
Person, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.

(c)Survival of Obligations. The Administrator's obligations under this Section 3.3 will survive the resignation or removal
of the Indenture Trustee, the Financial Institution, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee or the Asset Representations Reviewer and
the termination of this Agreement.

(d)Repayment. If the Administrator makes a payment to an Indemnified Person under this Section 3.3 and the Indemnified Person
later collects from others any amounts for which the payment was made, the Indemnified Person will promptly repay those amounts to the
Administrator.

Section
3.4.Resignation and Removal of Administrator. 

(a)No Resignation. Except as stated in Section 3.4(b), the Administrator will not resign as Administrator unless it determines
it is legally unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator will notify the Issuer and the Owner Trustee of
its resignation and deliver an Opinion of Counsel supporting its determination.

(b)Mandatory Resignation. On the appointment or engagement of a successor Servicer under the Servicing Agreement (other than
the Indenture Trustee), the Administrator will immediately resign and the successor Servicer will automatically become the successor Administrator.

(c)Removal. If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the Owner Trustee, with the consent of the Noteholders
of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class (or if no Notes are Outstanding, with the consent of the holder of the Residual
Interest), may remove the Administrator and terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement by notifying the Administrator:

(i)the Administrator fails to perform in any material respect its obligations under this Agreement, which failure continues for 90
days after the Administrator receives notice of the failure from the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders of at least
25% of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class; or

(ii)an Insolvency Event of the Administrator occurs.

6

(d)Notice of Resignation or Removal. The Issuer will notify the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee of any resignation or removal
of the Administrator.

(e)Continue to Perform. No resignation or removal of the Administrator will be effective, and the Administrator will continue
to perform its obligations under this Agreement, until a successor Administrator has accepted its engagement according to Section 3.5(b).

Section
3.5.Successor Administrator. 

(a)Engagement of Successor Administrator. Following the resignation or removal of the Administrator, the Issuer, at the direction
of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of the Controlling Class (or if no Notes are Outstanding, at the direction of the
holder of the Residual Interest), will engage a successor Administrator. No additional Noteholder direction is required if the successor
Administrator is the successor Servicer (other than the Indenture Trustee). If the Issuer does not receive Noteholder direction within
a reasonable period of time, the Issuer may engage a successor Administrator.

(b)Effectiveness of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Administrator will be effective until (i) the
successor Administrator has executed and delivered to the Issuer an agreement accepting its engagement and agreeing to perform the obligations
of the Administrator under this Agreement or a new administration agreement on substantially the same terms as this Agreement, in a form
acceptable to the Issuer, and (ii) the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied.

(c)Notice of Successor Administrator. The Issuer will notify the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee of the engagement of a
successor Administrator.

(d)Transition to Successor Administrator. If the Administrator resigns or is removed, the Administrator will cooperate with
the Issuer and take all actions reasonably requested to assist the Issuer in making an orderly transition of the Administrator's obligations
to the successor Administrator.

Section
3.6.Merger, Consolidation, Succession or Assignment.
Any Person (a) into which the Administrator is merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from a merger or consolidation to which the Administrator
is a party, (c) succeeding to the Administrator's business or (d) that is an Affiliate of the Administrator to whom the Administrator
has assigned this Agreement, will be the successor to the Administrator under this Agreement. Such Person will execute and deliver to
the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an agreement to assume the Administrator's obligations under this Agreement (unless
the assumption happens by operation of law).

7

ARTICLE
IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
4.1.Independence of Administrator; No Joint Venture.
The Administrator will be an independent contractor and will not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee for
the manner in which it performs its obligations under this Agreement. Except as expressly authorized by the Transaction Documents, the
Administrator will have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer or the Owner Trustee and will not be considered an agent of the
Issuer or the Owner Trustee. This Agreement will not make the Administrator and the Issuer or the Owner Trustee members of a partnership,
joint venture or other entity or impose any liability as such on any of them.

Section
4.2.Transactions with Affiliates; Other Transactions.
In performing its obligations under this Agreement, the Administrator may enter into transactions or deal with any of its Affiliates.
This Agreement will not prevent the Administrator or its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or from acting in a similar capacity
as an administrator for any other Person even though that Person may engage in activities similar to those of the Issuer.

Section
4.3.Ford Credit in Other Capacities. This Agreement
will not affect or limit any right or obligation Ford Credit may have in any other capacity.

Section
4.4.No Petition. Each party agrees that, before
the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations,
including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor
was depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either
Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 4.4 will survive termination
of this Agreement.

Section
4.5.Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.

(a)Owner Trustee. This Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Issuer by The Bank of New York Mellon, not in its individual
capacity but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, and in no event will The Bank of New York Mellon in its individual
capacity or a holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer be liable for the Issuer's obligations under this Agreement. For all purposes
under this Agreement, the Owner Trustee will be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the Trust Agreement. Neither the Issuer nor
the Owner Trustee will have any liability for any act or failure to act of the Administrator, including any action taken under a power
of attorney given under this Agreement.

(b)Indenture Trustee. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture Trustee is subject to, and entitled
to the benefits of, the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee will not have any liability for any act or failure to act of the Administrator.

Section
4.6.Termination. This Agreement will terminate when
the Issuer is terminated under the Trust Agreement. 

8

ARTICLE
V

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
5.1.Amendments. 

(a)Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent
with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes or to provide for, or facilitate
the acceptance of this Agreement by, a successor Administrator, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person,
if the Administrator delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment
will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section
5.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes Outstanding (with each affected
Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class).

(b)Notice of Amendments. The Administrator will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly after the
execution of an amendment, the Administrator will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies.

Section
5.2.Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiary.

(a)Assignment. Except as stated in Section 3.6, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Administrator without the consent
of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee and satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.

(b)Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiary. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties to
this Agreement and their permitted successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee will be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and may
enforce this Agreement against the Administrator. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section
5.3.Notices.

(a)Notices to Parties. All notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties
must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for
overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly addressed
to the recipient;

9

(ii)for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for
an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for
an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without the requirement
of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other party.

Section
5.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
5.5.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party submits
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court
sitting in New York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the
proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
5.6.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section
5.7.No Waiver; Remedies. No party's failure or delay
in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right
or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.
The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
5.8.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity, legality
or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section
5.9.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are included
for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
5.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

10

EXECUTED BY:

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

By: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Esther Antoine

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Administrator

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: Assistant Treasurer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC, 

as Depositor 

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger 

Name: Ryan Hershberger 

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

not in its individual capacity but 

solely as Indenture Trustee 

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano 

Name: Jennifer Napolitano 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Administration Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

Execution Version

ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT

among

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A

as Grantor

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Secured Party

and

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Financial Institution

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II ESTABLISHMENT OF COLLATERAL ACCOUNT 1

Section 2.1. Description of Account 1

Section 2.2. Account Changes 2

Section 2.3. Account Types 2

Section 2.4. Securities Accounts 2

ARTICLE III SECURED PARTY CONTROL 2

Section 3.1. Control of Collateral Account 2

Section 3.2. Investment Instructions 2

Section 3.3. Conflicting Orders or Instructions 3

ARTICLE IV SUBORDINATION OF LIEN; WAIVER OF SET-OFF 3

Section 4.1. Subordination 3

Section 4.2. Set-off and Recoupment 3

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 3

Section 5.1. Financial Institution's Representations and Warranties 3

Section 5.2. Financial Institution's Covenants 4

ARTICLE VI OTHER AGREEMENTS 4

Section 6.1. Location of Financial Institution 4

Section 6.2. Reliance by Financial Institution 4

Section 6.3. Termination and Replacement of Financial Institution 4

Section 6.4. No Petition 4

Section 6.5. Limitation of Liability 5

Section 6.6. Conflict With Other Agreement 5

Section 6.7. Termination 5

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 5

Section 7.1. Amendment 5

Section 7.2. Benefit of Agreement 6

Section 7.3. Notices 6

Section 7.4. GOVERNING LAW 6

Section 7.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 6

Section 7.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 7

Section 7.7. No Waiver; Remedies 7

Section 7.8. Severability 7

Section 7.9. Headings 7

Section 7.10. Counterparts 7

i

ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT, dated as of January
1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), among FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust, as grantor (the "Grantor"),
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders (in this capacity, the "Secured Party"), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a national banking association, in its capacity as both a "securities intermediary" as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC and
a "bank" as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC (in these capacities, the "Financial Institution").

BACKGROUND

The Grantor is engaging in a securitization transaction
in which it will issue the Notes under an Indenture and the Secured Party will hold funds in bank accounts for the benefit of the Noteholders.

The parties are entering into this Agreement to
perfect the security interest in the bank accounts.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A
Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated
Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security
Agreement"), among the CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent,
HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security
Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that apply to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated
by reference into this Agreement. References to the "UCC" mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State
of New York.

ARTICLE II

ESTABLISHMENT OF COLLATERAL ACCOUNT

Section 2.1.Description of Account. The Financial Institution has established the following account (the "Collateral Account"):

"Collection
Account U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Indenture Trustee, as secured party for Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust
2025-A" with account number 290768001.

Section 2.2.Account Changes. Neither the Financial Institution nor the Grantor will change the name or account number of the Collateral
Account without the consent of the Secured Party. The Financial Institution will promptly notify the Servicer of any changes. This Agreement
will apply to each successor account to the Collateral Account, which will also be a Collateral Account.

Section 2.3.Account Types. The Financial Institution agrees that the Collateral Account is, and will be maintained as, either a "securities
account" (as defined in Section 8-501 of the UCC) or a "deposit account" (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC).

Section 2.4.Securities Accounts. If the Collateral Account is a securities account, the Financial Institution agrees that:

(a)Financial Assets. It will promptly credit each item of property (whether cash, investment property, security, instrument
or other financial asset) delivered to the Financial Institution under the Indenture to the Collateral Account and treat each item of
property as a "financial asset" (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC); and

(b)Registration and Indorsement. It will ensure that all financial assets (other than cash) credited to the Collateral Account
are registered in the name of the Financial Institution, indorsed to the Financial Institution or in blank or credited to another securities
account maintained in the name of the Financial Institution and that no financial asset credited to the Collateral Account is registered
in the name of the Grantor, payable to the order of the Grantor or specially indorsed to the Grantor unless it has been indorsed to the
Financial Institution or in blank.

ARTICLE III

SECURED PARTY CONTROL

Section 3.1.Control of Collateral Account. To establish "control" of the Collateral Account by the Secured Party under Sections
9-104 and 9-106 of the UCC, the Financial Institution agrees to comply with any order or instruction from the Secured Party directing
the deposit, withdrawal, transfer or redemption of the cash or other financial assets credited to the Collateral Account (a "Secured
Party Order") without the need for consent by the Grantor or any other Person.

Section 3.2.Investment Instructions. If (a) the Financial Institution has not received a Secured Party Order for the investment of funds
in the Collateral Account by 11:00 a.m. New York time (or another time agreed to by the Financial Institution) on the Business Day before
a Payment Date or (b) the Financial Institution receives notice from the Indenture Trustee that a Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Financial Institution will invest and reinvest funds in the Collateral Account according to the last investment
instruction received, if any. If no prior investment instructions have been received or if the instructed investments are no longer available
or permitted, the Indenture Trustee will notify the Servicer and request new investment instructions, and the funds will remain uninvested
until new investment instructions are received.

2

Section 3.3.Conflicting Orders or Instructions. If the Financial Institution receives conflicting orders or instructions from the Secured
Party and the Grantor or any other Person, the Financial Institution will follow the orders or instructions of the Secured Party and not
the Grantor or such other Person.

ARTICLE IV

SUBORDINATION OF LIEN; WAIVER OF SET-OFF

Section 4.1.Subordination. If the Financial Institution has, or later obtains, a security interest in the Collateral Account (or any
portion of a Collateral Account), the Financial Institution agrees that the security interest will be subordinate to the security interest
of the Secured Party.

Section 4.2.Set-off and Recoupment. The cash, investment property, security, instrument or other financial assets credited to the Collateral
Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, recoupment, banker's lien, or other right in favor of a Person other than the Secured
Party. However, the Financial Institution may set off (a) the customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of
the Collateral Account due to the Financial Institution, (b) the face amount of checks credited to the Collateral Account but subsequently
returned unpaid due to uncollected or insufficient funds and (c) advances made to settle an investment of funds in the Collateral Account.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

Section 5.1.Financial Institution's Representations and Warranties. The Financial Institution represents and warrants to the Grantor
and the Secured Party as follows:

(a)Enforceability. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Financial Institution.

(b)No Agreements with Grantor. There are no agreements between the Financial Institution and the Grantor relating to the Collateral
Account other than this Agreement, the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents.

(c)No Other Agreements. The Financial Institution has not entered into an agreement relating to the Collateral Account in which
it has agreed to comply with "entitlement orders" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) or "instructions"
(within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC) of any Person other than the Secured Party.

(d)No Limitations. The Financial Institution has not entered into an agreement limiting or conditioning the Financial Institution's
obligation to comply with any Secured Party Order.

(e)No Liens. Except for the claims and interests of the Secured Party and the Grantor, the Financial Institution does not know
of a lien on, or claim to, or interest in, the Collateral Account or in the cash or other financial assets credited to the Collateral
Account.

3

Section 5.2.Financial Institution's Covenants.

(a)Statements, Confirmations and Other Correspondence. The Financial Institution will promptly deliver copies of statements,
confirmations and correspondence about the Collateral Account and the cash or other financial assets credited to the Collateral Account
to the Grantor and the Secured Party.

(b)Notice of Claim. If a Person asserts a lien, encumbrance or claim against the Collateral Account (or in the cash or other
financial assets credited to the Collateral Account), the Financial Institution will promptly notify the Secured Party.

(c)Negative Covenants. Until the termination of this Agreement, the Financial Institution will not enter into (i) an agreement
relating to the Collateral Account in which it agrees to comply with entitlement orders or instructions of any Person other than the Secured
Party or (ii) an agreement limiting or conditioning the Financial Institution's obligation to comply with Secured Party Orders.

ARTICLE VI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section 6.1.Location of Financial Institution. For purposes of the UCC, New York will be the location of (i) the bank for purposes
of Sections 9-301, 9-304 and 9-305 of the UCC and (ii) the securities intermediary for purposes of Sections 9-301 and 9-305 and Section
8-110 of the UCC.

Section 6.2.Reliance by Financial Institution. The Financial Institution is not obligated to investigate or inquire whether the Secured
Party may deliver a Secured Party Order. The Financial Institution may rely on communications (including Secured Party Orders) believed
by it in good faith to be genuine and given by the proper party.

Section 6.3.Termination and Replacement of Financial Institution. The Financial Institution may terminate its rights and obligations
under this Agreement if the Secured Party resigns or is removed as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. The Grantor may terminate the
rights and obligations of the Financial Institution if the Financial Institution ceases to be a Qualified Institution. No termination
of the Financial Institution will be effective until a new Collateral Account is established with, and the cash and other financial assets
credited to the Collateral Account are transferred to, another securities intermediary who has agreed to accept the obligations of the
Financial Institution under this Agreement or a similar agreement.

Section 6.4.No Petition. Each party agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference
period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities
issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or
join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii)
the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under
any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 6.4 will survive the termination of this Agreement.

4

Section 6.5.Limitation of Liability.

(a)Financial Institution. The Financial Institution will not be liable under this Agreement, except for (i) its own willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) breach of its representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Financial Institution
will not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Financial Institution
has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(b)Secured Party. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, the Secured Party is subject to, and entitled to the
benefits of, the terms of the Indenture that apply to the Indenture Trustee.

(c)Owner Trustee. This Agreement has been signed on behalf of the Grantor by The Bank of New York Mellon, not in its individual
capacity, but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Grantor. In no event will The Bank of New York Mellon in its individual capacity
or a beneficial owner of the Grantor be liable for the Grantor's obligations under this Agreement. For all purposes under this Agreement,
the Owner Trustee is subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the Trust Agreement.

Section 6.6.Conflict With Other Agreement. If there is a conflict between this Agreement and any other agreement relating to the Collateral
Account, this Agreement will govern.

Section 6.7.Termination. This Agreement will terminate on the date the security interests of the Secured Party in the Collateral Account
is terminated under the Indenture and the Secured Party has notified the Financial Institution of the termination of the security interest.
The termination of this Agreement will not terminate the Collateral Account or change the obligations of the Financial Institution to
the Grantor relating to the Collateral Account.

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.1.Amendment.

(a)Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent
with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, in each case without the consent
of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person,
if the Administrator delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Grantor, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment
will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

5

(iii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section
7.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes Outstanding (with each affected
Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class).

(b)Notice of Amendments. The Administrator will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly after the
execution of an amendment, the Administrator will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies.

Section 7.2.Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement is for the benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors
and assigns. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section 7.3.Notices.

(a)Notices to Parties. Notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties must
be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

(ii)for
a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for
an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without the
requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other parties.

Section 7.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE COLLATERAL ACCOUNT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 7.5.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court sitting in New York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this
Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or in the future have
to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum.

6

Section 7.6.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 7.7.No Waiver; Remedies. No party's failure or delay in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate
as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right
or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to
any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section 7.8.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from
the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section 7.9.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

Section 7.10.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts
will together be one document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

7

EXECUTED BY:

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Grantor

By: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A

By: /s/ Esther Antoine

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, as Secured Party

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Financial Institution

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page
to Account Control Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.9

Execution Version

TITLING COMPANY

ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT

among

CAB EAST LLC and

CAB WEST LLC,

as Grantors

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Secured Party

and

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Financial Institution

Dated as of January 1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

ARTICLE II ESTABLISHMENT OF COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS 1

Section 2.1. Description of Accounts 1

Section 2.2. Account Changes 2

Section 2.3. Account Types 2

Section 2.4. Securities Accounts 2

ARTICLE III SECURED PARTY CONTROL 2

Section 3.1. Control of Collateral Accounts 2

Section 3.2. Investment Instructions 2

Section 3.3. Conflicting Orders or Instructions 3

ARTICLE IV SUBORDINATION OF LIEN; WAIVER OF SET-OFF 3

Section 4.1. Subordination 3

Section 4.2. Set-off and Recoupment 3

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 3

Section 5.1. Financial Institution's Representations and Warranties 3

Section 5.2. Financial Institution's Covenants 4

ARTICLE VI OTHER AGREEMENTS 4

Section 6.1. Location of Financial Institution 4

Section 6.2. Reliance by Financial Institution 4

Section 6.3. Termination and Replacement of Financial Institution 4

Section 6.4. No Petition 4

Section 6.5. Limitation of Liability 5

Section 6.6. Conflict With Other Agreement 5

Section 6.7. Termination 5

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 5

Section 7.1. Amendment 5

Section 7.2. Benefit of Agreement 6

Section 7.3. Notices 6

Section 7.4. GOVERNING LAW 6

Section 7.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 6

Section 7.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 6

Section 7.7. No Waiver; Remedies 7

Section 7.8. Severability 7

Section 7.9. Headings 7

Section 7.10. Counterparts 7

i

TITLING
COMPANY ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), among CAB EAST LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and CAB WEST LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, each as a grantor (together, the "Grantors"),
U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders (in this capacity, the "Secured Party"), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
a national banking association, in its capacity as both a "securities intermediary" as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC and
a "bank" as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC (in these capacities, the "Financial Institution").

BACKGROUND

The Grantors are the borrowers under an Exchange
Note that is part of a securitization transaction in which the Issuer will issue the Notes under an Indenture and the Secured Party will
hold funds in bank accounts for the benefit of the Noteholders.

The parties are entering into this Agreement to
perfect the security interest in the bank accounts.

The parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1.Usage and Definitions. Capitalized terms used
but not defined in this Agreement are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025
(the "Exchange Note Supplement"), to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22,
2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023 (the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among the CAB East LLC and CAB
West LLC, as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor
Credit Company LLC, as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain
usage rules that apply to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. References to the
"UCC" mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

ARTICLE
II

ESTABLISHMENT OF COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS

Section
2.1.Description of Accounts. The Financial Institution
has established the following accounts (each, a "Collateral Account"):

"Exchange Note
Collection Account U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Indenture Trustee, as secured party for Ford Credit Auto Lease
Trust 2025-A" with account number 290768000; and

"Reserve Account
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Indenture Trustee, as secured party for Ford Credit Auto Lease Trust 2025-A"
with account number 290768002.

Section
2.2.Account Changes. Neither the Financial Institution
nor the Grantors will change the name or account number of a Collateral Account without the consent of the Secured Party. The Financial
Institution will promptly notify the Servicer of any changes. This Agreement will apply to each successor account to a Collateral Account,
which will also be a Collateral Account. 

Section
2.3.Account Types. The Financial Institution agrees
that each Collateral Account is, and will be maintained as, either a "securities account" (as defined in Section 8-501 of the
UCC) or a "deposit account" (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC).

Section
2.4.Securities Accounts. If a Collateral Account is
a securities account, the Financial Institution agrees that:

(a)Financial Assets. It will promptly credit each item of property (whether cash, investment property, security, instrument
or other financial asset) delivered to the Financial Institution under the Indenture to a Collateral Account and treat each item of property
as a "financial asset" (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC); and

(b)Registration and Indorsement. It will ensure that all financial assets (other than cash) credited to a Collateral Account
are registered in the name of the Financial Institution, indorsed to the Financial Institution or in blank or credited to another securities
account maintained in the name of the Financial Institution and that no financial asset credited to a Collateral Account is registered
in the name of a Grantor, payable to the order of a Grantor or specially indorsed to a Grantor unless it has been indorsed to the Financial
Institution or in blank.

ARTICLE
III

SECURED PARTY CONTROL

Section
3.1.Control of Collateral Accounts. To establish "control"
of the Collateral Accounts by the Secured Party under Sections 9-104 and 9-106 of the UCC, the Financial Institution agrees to comply
with any order or instruction from the Secured Party directing the deposit, withdrawal, transfer or redemption of the cash or other financial
assets credited to a Collateral Account (a "Secured Party Order") without the need for consent by the Grantor or any
other Person.

Section
3.2.Investment Instructions. If (a) the Financial
Institution has not received a Secured Party Order for the investment of funds in a Collateral Account by 11:00 a.m. New York time (or
another time agreed to by the Financial Institution) on the Business Day before a Payment Date or (b) the Financial Institution receives
notice from the Indenture Trustee that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Financial Institution will invest
and reinvest funds in the Collateral Accounts according to the last investment instruction received, if any. If no prior investment instructions
have been received or if the instructed investments are no longer available or permitted, the Indenture Trustee will notify the Servicer

2

and request new investment instructions, and the funds will remain uninvested until new investment instructions are received.

Section
3.3.Conflicting Orders or Instructions. If the Financial
Institution receives conflicting orders or instructions from the Secured Party and the Grantors or any other Person, the Financial Institution
will follow the orders or instructions of the Secured Party and not the Grantors or such other Person.

ARTICLE
IV

SUBORDINATION OF LIEN; WAIVER OF SET-OFF

Section
4.1.Subordination. If the Financial Institution has,
or later obtains, a security interest in a Collateral Account (or any portion of a Collateral Account), the Financial Institution agrees
that the security interest will be subordinate to the security interest of the Secured Party.

Section
4.2.Set-off and Recoupment. The cash, investment property,
security, instrument or other financial assets credited to a Collateral Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, recoupment,
banker's lien, or other right in favor of a Person other than the Secured Party. However, the Financial Institution may set off (a) the
customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of a Collateral Account due to the Financial Institution, (b) the
face amount of checks credited to a Collateral Account but subsequently returned unpaid due to uncollected or insufficient funds and (c)
advances made to settle an investment of funds in a Collateral Account.

ARTICLE
V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

Section
5.1.Financial Institution's Representations and Warranties.
The Financial Institution represents and warrants to the Grantors and the Secured Party as follows:

(a)Enforceability. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Financial Institution.

(b)No Agreements with Grantors. There are no agreements between the Financial Institution and the Grantors relating to a Collateral
Account other than this Agreement, the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents.

(c)No Other Agreements. The Financial Institution has not entered into an agreement relating to a Collateral Account in which
it has agreed to comply with "entitlement orders" (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) or "instructions"
(within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC) of any Person other than the Secured Party.

(d)No Limitations. The Financial Institution has not entered into an agreement limiting or conditioning the Financial Institution's
obligation to comply with any Secured Party Order.

3

(e)No Liens. Except for the claims and interests of the Secured Party and the Grantors, the Financial Institution does not
know of a lien on, or claim to, or interest in, a Collateral Account or in the cash or other financial assets credited to a Collateral
Account.

Section
5.2.Financial Institution's Covenants. 

(a)Statements, Confirmations and Other Correspondence. The Financial Institution will promptly deliver copies of statements,
confirmations and correspondence about the Collateral Accounts and the cash or other financial assets credited to a Collateral Account
to the Grantors and the Secured Party.

(b)Notice of Claim. If a Person asserts a lien, encumbrance or claim against a Collateral Account (or in the cash or other
financial assets credited to a Collateral Account), the Financial Institution will promptly notify the Secured Party.

(c)Negative Covenants. Until the termination of this Agreement, the Financial Institution will not enter into (i) an agreement
relating to a Collateral Account in which it agrees to comply with entitlement orders or instructions of any Person other than the Secured
Party or (ii) an agreement limiting or conditioning the Financial Institution's obligation to comply with Secured Party Orders.

ARTICLE
VI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
6.1.Location of Financial Institution. For
purposes of the UCC, New York will be the location of (i) the bank for purposes of Sections 9-301, 9-304 and 9-305 of the UCC and (ii)
the securities intermediary for purposes of Sections 9-301 and 9-305 and Section 8-110 of the UCC.

Section
6.2.Reliance by Financial Institution. The Financial
Institution is not obligated to investigate or inquire whether the Secured Party may deliver a Secured Party Order. The Financial Institution
may rely on communications (including Secured Party Orders) believed by it in good faith to be genuine and given by the proper party.

Section
6.3.Termination and Replacement of Financial Institution.
The Financial Institution may terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement if the Secured Party resigns or is removed as
Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. The Grantors may terminate the rights and obligations of the Financial Institution if the Financial
Institution ceases to be a Qualified Institution. No termination of the Financial Institution will be effective until new Collateral Accounts
are established with, and the cash and other financial assets credited to the Collateral Accounts are transferred to, another securities
intermediary who has agreed to accept the obligations of the Financial Institution under this Agreement or a similar agreement.

Section
6.4.No Petition. Each party agrees that, before the
date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after the payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations,
including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor
was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either

4

Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer, respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 6.4 will survive the termination
of this Agreement.

Section
6.5.Limitation of Liability. 

(a)Financial Institution. The Financial Institution will not be liable under this Agreement, except for (i) its own willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) breach of its representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Financial Institution
will not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages (including lost profit), even if the Financial Institution
has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(b)Secured Party. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, the Secured Party is subject to, and entitled to the
benefits of, the terms of the Indenture that apply to the Indenture Trustee.

Section
6.6.Conflict With Other Agreement. If there is a conflict
between this Agreement and any other agreement relating to a Collateral Account, this Agreement will govern.

Section
6.7.Termination. This Agreement will terminate on
the date the security interests of the Secured Party in each Collateral Account are terminated under the Indenture and the Secured Party
has notified the Financial Institution of the termination of the security interest. The termination of this Agreement will not terminate
a Collateral Account or change the obligations of the Financial Institution to the Grantors relating to a Collateral Account.

ARTICLE
VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
7.1.Amendment. 

(a)Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i)to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent
with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes, in each case without the consent
of the Noteholders or any other Person;

(ii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person,
if the Administrator delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Grantor, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee stating that the amendment
will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii)to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or cannot be delivered under Section
7.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes Outstanding (with

5

each affected
Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class).

(b)Notice of Amendments. The Administrator will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any amendment. Promptly after the
execution of an amendment, the Administrator will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies.

Section
7.2.Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement is for the
benefit of and will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. No other Person will have any right or obligation
under this Agreement.

Section
7.3.Notices. 

(a)Notices to Parties. Notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties must
be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i)for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days after deposit in the mail properly
addressed to the recipient;

(ii)for
a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii)for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

(iv)for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on delivery of an email (without
the requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b)Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must be addressed to the recipient
at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the other parties.

Section
7.4.GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH COLLATERAL
ACCOUNT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
7.5.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each party submits
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court
sitting in New York, New York for legal proceedings relating to this Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the
proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
7.6.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

6

Section
7.7.No Waiver; Remedies. No party's failure or delay
in exercising a power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right
or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.
The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
7.8.Severability. If a part of this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement and will not affect the validity, legality
or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section
7.9.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are included
for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
7.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank]

7

EXECUTED BY:

CAB EAST LLC,

as a Grantor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

CAB WEST LLC, as a Grantor

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: President and Assistant Treasurer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, as Secured Party

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Financial Institution

By: /s/ Jennifer Napolitano

Name: Jennifer Napolitano

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Titling Company Account Control Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm253241d14_ex10-10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.10

Execution Version

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS
REVIEW AGREEMENT

among

FORD CREDIT AUTO
LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

FORD MOTOR CREDIT
COMPANY LLC,

as Servicer

and

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME
SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

Dated as of January
1, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I USAGE AND Definitions 1

Section 1.1. Usage and Definitions 1

Section 1.2. Additional Definitions 1

Section 1.3. Review Materials and Test Definitions 2

ARTICLE II Engagement of ASSET
REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 2

Section 2.1. Engagement; Acceptance 2

Section 2.2. Confirmation of Status 2

ARTICLE III Asset Representations
Review PROCESS 3

Section 3.1. Review Notices 3

Section 3.2. Identification of Review Leases 3

Section 3.3. Review Materials 3

Section 3.4. Performance of Reviews 3

Section 3.5. Review Reports 4

Section 3.6. Review Representatives 5

Section 3.7. Dispute Resolution 5

Section 3.8. Limitations on Review Obligations 5

ARTICLE IV Asset Representations
Reviewer 6

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 6

Section 4.2. Covenants 7

Section 4.3. Fees and Expenses 7

Section 4.4. Limitation on Liability 8

Section 4.5. Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer 8

Section 4.6. Indemnification of Asset Representations Reviewer 9

Section 4.7. Review of Asset Representations Reviewer's Records 9

Section 4.8. Delegation of Obligations 10

Section 4.9. Confidential Information 10

Section 4.10. Personally Identifiable Information 11

ARTICLE V RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL;
SUCCESSOR ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 13

Section 5.1. Eligibility Requirements for Asset Representations Reviewer 13

Section 5.2. Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer 13

Section 5.3. Successor Asset Representations Reviewer 14

Section 5.4. Merger, Consolidation or Succession 14

ARTICLE VI OTHER AGREEMENTS 15

Section 6.1. Independence of Asset Representations Reviewer 15

Section 6.2. No Petition 15

Section 6.3. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 15

Section 6.4. Termination of Agreement 15

ARTICLE VII Miscellaneous Provisions 15

Section 7.1. Amendments 15

Section 7.2. Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries 16

Section 7.3. Notices 16

Section 7.4. GOVERNING LAW 17

Section 7.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 17

Section 7.6. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 17

i

Section 7.7. No Waiver; Remedies 17

Section 7.8. Severability 17

Section 7.9. Headings 17

Section 7.10. Counterparts 17

Schedule A Review Materials

Schedule B Representations and
Warranties and Tests

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS
REVIEW AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 2025 (this "Agreement"), among FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A, a Delaware
statutory trust, as Issuer, FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Servicer, and CLAYTON FIXED INCOME
SERVICES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Asset Representations Reviewer.

BACKGROUND

In the normal course
of its business, the Titling Companies purchase leases and leased cars, light trucks and utility vehicles from motor vehicle dealers.

In connection with
a securitization transaction sponsored by Ford Credit, the Titling Companies issued a 2025-A Exchange Note to Ford Credit that is secured
by a 2025-A Reference Pool of Leases and Leased Vehicles. Ford Credit sold the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Depositor, who sold it to
the Issuer.

The Issuer has granted
a security interest in the 2025-A Exchange Note to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as security for the
Notes issued by the Issuer under the Indenture.

The Issuer has determined
to engage the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform reviews of certain Leases for compliance with the representations and warranties
made by Ford Credit and the Depositor about the Leases in the 2025-A Reference Pool.

The parties agree
as follows.

ARTICLE
I

USAGE AND Definitions

Section
1.1.Usage
and Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement
are defined in Appendix 1 to the 2025-A Exchange Note Supplement, dated as of January 1, 2025 (the "Exchange Note Supplement"),
to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2005, as amended and restated as of June 29, 2023
(the "Credit and Security Agreement"), among the CAB East LLC and CAB West LLC, as Borrowers, U.S. Bank National Association,
as Administrative Agent, HTD Leasing LLC, as Collateral Agent, and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC, as Lender and Servicer, or in Appendix
A to the Credit and Security Agreement. Appendix 1 and Appendix A also contain usage rules that apply to this Agreement. Appendix 1 and
Appendix A are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.

Section
1.2. Additional
Definitions. The following terms have the meanings given below:

"Confidential
Information" has the meaning stated in Section 4.9(b).

"Contract"
has the meaning stated in Schedule A.

"Information
Recipient" has the meaning stated in Section 4.9(a).

"Indemnified
Person" has the meaning stated in Section 4.6(a).

"Issuer
PII" has the meaning stated in Section 4.10(a).

"Personally
Identifiable Information" or "PII" has the meaning stated in Section 4.10(a).

"Review"
means the performance by the Asset Representations Reviewer of the testing procedures for each Test and each Review Lease according to
Section 3.4.

"Review
Fee" has the meaning stated in Section 4.3(b).

"Review
Materials" means, for a Review and a Review Lease, the documents and other materials listed in Schedule A, as applicable.

"Review
Report" means, for a Review, the report of the Asset Representations Reviewer as described in Section 3.5.

"Test"
has the meaning stated in Section 3.4(a).

"Test Complete"
has the meaning stated in Section 3.4(c).

"Test Fail"
has the meaning stated in Section 3.4(a).

"Test Pass"
has the meaning stated in Section 3.4(a).

Section
1.3. Review
Materials and Test Definitions. Capitalized terms or terms or phrases in
quotation marks used in the Tests, if not defined in Appendix 1 to the Exchange Note Supplement, Appendix A to the Credit and Security
Agreement or in this Agreement, including Schedule A to this Agreement, refer to sections, titles or terms in the Contract or other Review
Materials.

ARTICLE
II

Engagement of ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER

Section
2.1. Engagement;
Acceptance. The Issuer engages Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC to act
as the Asset Representations Reviewer for the Issuer. Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC accepts the engagement and agrees to perform
the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer on the terms in this Agreement. 

Section
2.2. Confirmation
of Status. The parties confirm that the Asset Representations Reviewer is
not responsible for (a) reviewing the Leases for compliance with the representations and warranties under the Transaction Documents,
except as described in this Agreement, or (b) determining whether noncompliance with the representations or warranties constitutes a
breach of the Transaction Documents.

2

ARTICLE
III

Asset Representations Review PROCESS

Section
3.1. Review
Notices. On receipt of a Review Notice from the Indenture Trustee according
to Section 7.2 of the Indenture, the Asset Representations Reviewer will start a Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not
be obligated to start a Review until a Review Notice is received. 

Section
3.2. Identification
of Review Leases. Within ten Business Days after receipt of a Review Notice,
the Servicer will deliver to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Indenture Trustee a list of the Review Leases. 

Section
3.3. Review
Materials. 

(a) 
Access to Review Materials. The Servicer will give the Asset Representations Reviewer access
to the Review Materials for all of the Review Leases within 60 days after receipt of the Review Notice in one or more of the following
ways: (i) by providing access to the Servicer's receivables systems, either remotely or at an office of the Servicer, (ii) by electronic
posting to a password-protected website to which the Asset Representations Reviewer has access, (iii) by providing originals or photocopies
at an office of the Servicer where the Lease Files are located or (iv) in another manner agreed by the Servicer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer. The Servicer may redact or remove Personally Identifiable Information from the Review Materials without changing the meaning
or usefulness of the Review Materials for the Review.

(b) Missing or Insufficient Review Materials. The Asset Representations Reviewer will review
the Review Materials to determine if any Review Materials are missing or insufficient for the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform
any Test. If the Asset Representations Reviewer determines any missing or insufficient Review Materials, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will notify the Servicer promptly, and in any event no less than 20 days before completing the Review. The Servicer will have 15 days
to give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the missing Review Materials or other documents or information to correct the insufficiency.
If the missing Review Materials or other documents have not been provided by the Servicer within 15 days, the related Review Receivable
will have a Test Fail for the Test or Tests that require use of the missing or insufficient Review Materials. If the Contract for any
Review Receivable is not provided or is illegible, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be unable to perform any Tests and the related
Review Lease will have an overall Test Fail for all Tests. In either of these cases, the Test or Tests will be considered completed and
the Review Report will report a Test Fail for the related Review Lease or applicable representation or warranty and the reason for the
Test Fail.

Section
3.4. Performance
of Reviews. 

(a) 
Test Procedures. For a Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will perform for each Review
Lease the procedures listed under "Tests" in Schedule B for each representation and warranty (each, a "Test"),
using the Review Materials necessary to perform the procedures as stated in the Test. For each Test and Review Lease, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will

3

determine
if the Test has been satisfied (a "Test Pass") or if the Test has not been satisfied (a "Test Fail").
If a Test or part of a Test cannot be performed for a Review Lease because the Test circumstances do not apply to the Review Lease, the
Test will be considered to be satisfied and will be reported as a Test Pass.

(b) 
Review Period. The Asset Representations Reviewer will complete the Review of all of the
Review Leases within 60 days after receiving access to the Review Materials under Section 3.3(a). However, if missing or additional Review
Materials are provided to the Asset Representations Reviewer under Section 3.3(b), the Review period will be extended for an additional
30 days.

(c) 
Completion of Review for Certain Review Leases. Following the delivery of the list of the
Review Leases and before the delivery of the Review Report by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer may notify the Asset Representations
Reviewer if a Review Lease is paid in full by the Lessee or reallocated from the 2025-A Reference Pool by the Sponsor, the Depositor
or the Servicer according to the Transaction Documents. If such a notice is received, the Asset Representations Reviewer will immediately
terminate all Tests of such Lease and the Review of the Lease will be considered complete (a "Test Complete"). In this
case, the Asset Representations Reviewer will report a Test Complete for the Lease on the Review Report and the related reason.

(d) 
Previously Reviewed Lease; Duplicative Tests. If a Review Lease was included in a prior Review,
the Asset Representations Reviewer will not perform any Tests on it, but will report the results of the previous Tests in the Review
Report for the current Review and note that the results relate to a prior Review. If the same Test is required for more than one representation
or warranty listed on Schedule B, the Asset Representations Reviewer will only perform the Test once for each Review Lease but will report
the results of the Test for each applicable representation and warranty on the Review Report.

(e) 
Termination of Review. If a Review is in process and the Notes will be paid in full on the
next Payment Date, the Servicer will notify the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Indenture Trustee no less than ten days before
that Payment Date. On receipt of notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will terminate the Review immediately and will not be obligated
to deliver a Review Report.

Section
3.5. Review
Reports. Within five days after the end of the Review period under Section
3.4(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver to the Sponsor, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee
a Review Report indicating for each Review Lease whether there was a Test Pass or a Test Fail for each Test, or whether the Review Lease
was an overall Test Fail (for a missing or illegible Contract) or a Test Complete. For each Test Fail, overall Test Fail or Test Complete,
the Review Report will indicate the related reason. The Review Report will contain a summary of the Review results to be included in
the Issuer's Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which the Review Report is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
ensure that the Review Report does not contain any Issuer PII. On reasonable request of the Servicer, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will provide additional detail on the Test results.

4

Section
3.6. Review
Representatives. 

(a) 
Servicer Representative. The Servicer will designate one or more representatives who will
be available to assist the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing the Review, including responding to requests and answering questions
from the Asset Representations Reviewer about the Review Materials or Tests, access to Review Materials on the Servicer's originations,
receivables or other systems, obtaining missing or insufficient Review Materials and/or providing clarification of any Review Materials
or Tests.

(b) 
Asset Representations Reviewer Representative. The Asset Representations Reviewer will designate
one or more representatives who will be available to the Issuer and the Servicer during the performance of a Review.

(c) 
Questions About Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will make appropriate personnel
available to respond in writing to written questions or requests for clarification of any Review Report from the Indenture Trustee or
the Servicer until the earlier of (i) the payment in full of the Notes and (ii) one year after the delivery of the Review Report. The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not be obligated to respond to questions or requests for clarification from a Noteholder or any other
Person and will direct such Persons to submit written questions or requests to the Indenture Trustee.

Section
3.7. Dispute
Resolution. If a Lease that was Reviewed by the Asset Representations Reviewer
is the subject of a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer
will participate in the dispute resolution proceeding on request of a party to the proceeding. The reasonable expenses of the Asset Representations
Reviewer for its participation in any dispute resolution proceeding will be considered expenses of the requesting party for the dispute
resolution and will be paid by a party to the dispute resolution as determined by the mediator or arbitrator for the dispute resolution
according to Section 3.4 of the Exchange Note Sale Agreement. However, if such expenses are not paid by a party to the dispute resolution
within 90 days after the end of the proceeding, the expenses will be paid by the Issuer according to Section 4.3(d).

Section
3.8. Limitations
on Review Obligations. 

(a) 
Review Process Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer is not obligated to:

(i) 
determine whether a Delinquency Trigger has occurred or whether the required percentage of the Noteholders
has voted to direct a Review under the Indenture, and may rely on the information in any Review Notice delivered by the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) 
determine which Leases are subject to a Review, and may rely on the lists of Review Leases provided
by the Servicer;

(iii) 
obtain or confirm the validity of the Review Materials, and may rely on the accuracy and completeness
of the Review Materials and will have no liability for any errors in the Review Materials;

5

(iv) 
obtain missing or insufficient Review Materials from any party or any other source; or

(v) 
take any action or cause any other party to take any action under any of the Transaction Documents
or otherwise to enforce any remedies against any Person for breaches of representations or warranties about the Review Leases.

(b) 
Testing Procedure Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will only be required to
perform the testing procedures listed under "Tests" in Schedule A, and will not be obligated to perform additional procedures
on any Review Lease or to provide any information other than a Review Report. However, the Asset Representations Reviewer may provide
additional information in a Review Report about any Review Lease that it determines in good faith to be material to the Review.

ARTICLE
IV

Asset Representations Reviewer

Section
4.1. Representations
and Warranties. The Asset Representations Reviewer represents and warrants
to the Issuer as of the Closing Date:

(a) 
Organization and Qualification. The Asset Representations Reviewer is duly organized and
validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Asset Representations Reviewer
is qualified as a foreign limited liability company in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions
in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless
the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Asset Representations Reviewer's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) 
Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Asset Representations Reviewer has the power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer has authorized the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Asset Representations
Reviewer enforceable against the Asset Representations Reviewer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or
other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles.

(c) 
No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or be a breach
or default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document under which the Asset Representations
Reviewer is a debtor or guarantor, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of a Lien on the Asset Representations Reviewer's properties
or assets under the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, guarantee or similar document, (iii) violate the
organizational documents of the Asset Representations Reviewer or (iv) violate a law or, to the Asset Representations Reviewer's knowledge,
an order, rule or regulation of a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality
having

6

jurisdiction
over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties that applies to the Asset Representations Reviewer, which, in each case, would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewer's ability to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.

(d) 
No Proceedings. To the Asset Representations Reviewer's knowledge, there are no proceedings
or investigations pending or threatened in writing before a federal or State court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement,
(ii) seeking to prevent the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling
that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewer's ability to perform its obligations
under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement.

(e) 
Eligibility. The Asset Representations Reviewer meets the eligibility requirements in Section
5.1.

Section
4.2. Covenants.
The Asset Representations Reviewer covenants and agrees that:

(a) 
Eligibility. It will notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly if it no longer meets the
eligibility requirements in Section 5.1.

(b) 
Review Systems; Personnel. It will maintain business process management and/or other systems
necessary to ensure that it can perform each Test and, on execution of this Agreement, will load each Test into these systems. The Asset
Representations Reviewer will ensure that these systems allow for each Review Lease and the related Review Materials to be individually
tracked and stored as contemplated by this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will maintain adequate staff that is properly
trained to conduct Reviews as required by this Agreement.

(c) 
Maintenance of Review Materials. It will maintain copies of any Review Materials, Review
Reports and other documents relating to a Review, including internal correspondence and work papers, for a period of two years after
the termination of this Agreement.

Section
4.3. Fees
and Expenses.

(a) 
Annual Fee. The Issuer will, or will cause the Administrator to, pay the Asset Representations
Reviewer as compensation for acting as the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement an annual fee separately agreed to by
the Issuer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. The annual fee will be paid as agreed by the Issuer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer until this Agreement is terminated.

(b) 
Review Fee. Following the completion of a Review and the delivery to the Indenture Trustee
of the Review Report, or the termination of a Review according to Section 3.4(e), and the delivery to the Servicer of a detailed invoice,
the Asset Representations Reviewer will be entitled to a fee of $175 for each Review Lease for which the Review was started (the

7

"Review
Fee"). However, no Review Fee will be paid for any Review Lease which was included in a prior Review or for which no Tests were
completed before the Asset Representations Reviewer received notice of termination of the Review according to Section 3.4(e) or due to
missing or insufficient Review Materials under Section 3.3(b). If a detailed invoice is submitted on or before the first day of a month,
the Review Fee will be paid by the Issuer starting on or before the Payment Date in that month. However, if the Review is terminated
according to Section 3.4(e), the Asset Representations Reviewer must submit its invoice for the Review Fee for the terminated Review
no later than five Business Days before the final Payment Date to be reimbursed no later than the final Payment Date.

(c) 
Reimbursement of Travel Expenses. If the Servicer provides access to the Review Materials
at one of its properties, the Issuer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for its reasonable travel expenses incurred in
connection with the Review on receipt of a detailed invoice.

(d) 
Dispute Resolution Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer participates in a dispute
resolution proceeding under Section 3.7 and its reasonable expenses for participating in the proceeding are not paid by a party to the
dispute resolution within 90 days after the end of the proceeding, the Issuer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for such
expenses on receipt of a detailed invoice.

(e) 
Payments by Issuer. All amounts payable by the Issuer under this Section 4.3 will be payable
according to the priority of payments in Section 8.2 of the Indenture.

Section
4.4. Limitation
on Liability. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not be liable to any
Person for any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under this Agreement or for errors in judgment. However, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under this Agreement. In no
event will the Asset Representations Reviewer be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential losses or damages (including
lost profit), even if the Asset Representations Reviewer has been advised of the likelihood of the loss or damage and regardless of the
form of action.

Section
4.5. Indemnification
by Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
indemnify each of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Indenture Trustee and their
respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities (including the fees and
expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any proceedings
brought by that Person to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer) resulting from (a) the willful
misconduct, bad faith or negligence of the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement or (b) the
Asset Representations Reviewer's breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer's
obligations under this Section 4.5 will survive the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Issuer and the resignation
or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

8

Section
4.6. Indemnification
of Asset Representations Reviewer.

(a) 
Indemnification. The Issuer will, or will cause the Administrator to, indemnify the Asset
Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person"), for all
fees, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including the
fees and expenses of defending itself against any loss, damage or liability and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any
proceedings brought by the Indemnified Person to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Issuer and the Administrator), but excluding
any fee, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from (i) the Asset Representations Reviewer's willful misconduct, bad faith or
negligence or (ii) the Asset Representations Reviewer's breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement.

(b) 
Proceedings. If an Indemnified Person receives notice of a proceeding against it, the Indemnified
Person will, if a claim is to be made under Section 4.6(a), promptly notify the Issuer and the Administrator of the proceeding. The Issuer
or the Administrator may participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a proceeding at its expense. If the Issuer or the Administrator
notifies the Indemnified Person of its intention to assume the defense of the proceeding with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
Indemnified Person, and so long as the Issuer or the Administrator assumes the defense of the proceeding in a manner reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Person, the Issuer and the Administrator will not be liable for fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Person
unless there is a conflict between the interests of the Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable, and an Indemnified Person. If there
is a conflict, the Issuer or the Administrator will pay for the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel to the Indemnified Person.
No settlement of a proceeding may be made without the approval of the Issuer and the Administrator and the Indemnified Person, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) 
Survival of Obligations. The obligations of the Issuer and the Administrator under this Section
4.6 will survive the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer and the termination of this Agreement.

(d) 
Repayment. If the Issuer or the Administrator makes a payment to an Indemnified Person under
this Section 4.6 and the Indemnified Person later collects from others any amounts for which the payment was made, the Indemnified Person
will promptly repay those amounts to the Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable.

Section
4.7. Review
of Asset Representations Reviewer's Records. The Asset Representations Reviewer
agrees that, with reasonable advance notice not more than once during any year, it will permit authorized representatives of the Issuer,
the Servicer or the Administrator, during the Asset Representations Reviewer's normal business hours, to have access to and review the
facilities, processes, books of account, records, reports and other documents and materials of the Asset Representations Reviewer relating
to (a) the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement, (b) payments of fees and expenses of
the Asset Representations Reviewer for its performance and (c) a claim made by the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement.
In addition, the Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the Issuer's, the Servicer's or the Administrator's

9

representatives
to make copies and extracts of any of those documents and to discuss them with the Asset Representations Reviewer's officers and employees.
Any access and review will be subject to the Asset Representations Reviewer's confidentiality and privacy policies. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will maintain all relevant books, records, reports and other documents and materials for a period of at least two years after
the termination of its obligations under this Agreement.

Section
4.8. Delegation
of Obligations. The Asset Representations Reviewer may not delegate or subcontract
its obligations under this Agreement to any Person without the consent of the Issuer and the Servicer.

Section
4.9. Confidential
Information. 

(a) 
Treatment. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees to hold and treat Confidential Information
given to it under this Agreement in confidence and under the terms and conditions of this Section 4.9, and will implement and maintain
safeguards to further assure the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. The Confidential Information will not, without the
consent of the Issuer and the Servicer, be disclosed or used by the Asset Representations Reviewer, or its officers, directors, employees,
agents, representatives or affiliates, including legal counsel (each, an "Information Recipient") other than for the
purposes of performing Reviews of Review Leases or performing its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer
agrees that it will not, and will cause its Affiliates to not (i) purchase or sell securities issued by Ford Credit or its Affiliates
or special purpose entities on the basis of Confidential Information or (ii) use the Confidential Information for the preparation of
research reports, newsletters or other publications or similar communications.

(b) 
Definition. "Confidential Information" means oral, written and electronic
materials (regardless of its source or form of communication) furnished before, on or after the date of this Agreement to the Asset Representations
Reviewer for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement, including:

(i) 
lists of Review Leases and any related Review Materials;

(ii) 
origination and servicing guidelines, policies and procedures, and form contracts; and

(iii) 
notes, analyses, compilations, studies or other documents or records prepared by the Servicer, which
contain information supplied by or on behalf of the Servicer or its representatives.

However, Confidential Information will
not include information that (A) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by an Information
Recipient, (B) was available to, or becomes available to, an Information Recipient on a non-confidential basis from a Person or entity
other than the Issuer or the Servicer before its disclosure to the Information Recipient who, to the knowledge of the Information Recipient
is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Issuer or the Servicer and is not prohibited from transmitting the information to
the Information Recipient, (C) is independently developed by an Information Recipient without the use of the Confidential Information,
as shown by the Information Recipient's files

10

and records or other evidence in its
possession or (D) the Issuer or the Servicer gives permission to the Information Recipient to release.

(c) 
Protection. The Asset Representations Reviewer will take reasonable measures to protect the
secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of Confidential Information, including those measures that it takes to protect its
own confidential information and not less than a reasonable standard of care. The Asset Representations Reviewer acknowledges that Personally
Identifiable Information is also subject to the additional requirements in Section 4.10.

(d) 
Disclosure. If the Asset Representations Reviewer is required by applicable law, regulation,
rule or order issued by an administrative, governmental, regulatory or judicial authority to disclose part of the Confidential Information,
it may disclose the Confidential Information. However, before a required disclosure, the Asset Representations Reviewer, if permitted
by applicable law, regulation, rule or order, will use its reasonable efforts to notify the Issuer and the Servicer of the requirement
and will cooperate, at the Servicer's expense, in the Issuer's and the Servicer's pursuit of a proper protective order or other relief
for the disclosure of the Confidential Information. If the Issuer or the Servicer is unable to obtain a protective order or other proper
remedy by the date that the information is required to be disclosed, the Asset Representations Reviewer will disclose only that part
of the Confidential Information that it is advised by its legal counsel it is legally required to disclose.

(e) 
Responsibility for Information Recipients. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be responsible
for a breach of this Section 4.9 by its Information Recipients.

(f) 
Violation. The Asset Representations Reviewer agrees that a violation of this Agreement may
cause irreparable injury to the Issuer and the Servicer and the Issuer and the Servicer may seek injunctive relief in addition to legal
remedies. If an action is initiated by the Issuer or the Servicer to enforce this Section 4.9, the prevailing party will be reimbursed
for its fees and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, incurred for the enforcement.

Section
4.10. Personally Identifiable Information.

(a) 
Definitions. "Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII"
means information in any format about an identifiable individual, including, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, account number(s),
identification number(s), any other actual or assigned attribute associated with or identifiable to an individual and any information
that when used separately or in combination with other information could identify an individual. "Issuer PII" means
PII furnished by the Issuer, the Servicer or their Affiliates to the Asset Representations Reviewer and PII developed or otherwise collected
or acquired by the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) 
Use of Issuer PII. The Issuer does not grant the Asset Representations Reviewer any rights
to Issuer PII except as provided in this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will use Issuer PII only to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or as specifically directed in writing by the Issuer and will only reproduce Issuer PII to the extent necessary
for these purposes. The Asset Representations Reviewer must comply with all laws applicable to PII, Issuer PII and the Asset Representations
Reviewer's business, including any

11

legally
required codes of conduct, including those relating to privacy, security and data protection. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
protect and secure Issuer PII. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement privacy or data protection policies and procedures that
comply with applicable law and this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer will implement and maintain reasonable and appropriate
practices, procedures and systems, including administrative, technical and physical safeguards to (i) protect the security, confidentiality
and integrity of Issuer PII, (ii) ensure against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Issuer PII, (iii) protect
against unauthorized access to or use of Issuer PII and (iv) otherwise comply with its obligations under this Agreement. These safeguards
will include a written data security plan, employee training, information access controls, restricted disclosures, systems protections
(including intrusion protection, data storage protection and data transmission protection) and physical security measures.

(c) 
Additional Limitations. In addition to the use and protection requirements described in Section
4.10(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer's disclosure of Issuer PII is also subject to the following requirements:

(i) 
The Asset Representations Reviewer will not disclose Issuer PII to its personnel or allow its personnel
access to Issuer PII except (A) for the Asset Representations Reviewer personnel who require Issuer PII to perform a Review, (B) with
the consent of the Issuer or (C) as required by applicable law. When permitted, the disclosure of or access to Issuer PII will be limited
to the specific information necessary for the individual to complete the assigned task. The Asset Representations Reviewer will inform
personnel with access to Issuer PII of the confidentiality requirements in this Agreement and train its personnel with access to Issuer
PII on the proper use and protection of Issuer PII.

(ii) 
The Asset Representations Reviewer will not sell, disclose, provide or exchange Issuer PII with
or to any third party without the consent of the Issuer.

(d) 
Notice of Breach. The Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Issuer promptly in the
event of an actual or reasonably suspected security breach, unauthorized access, misappropriation or other compromise of the security,
confidentiality or integrity of Issuer PII and, where applicable, immediately take action to prevent any further breach.

(e) 
Return or Disposal of Issuer PII. Except where return or disposal is prohibited by applicable
law, promptly on the earlier of the completion of the Review or the request of the Issuer, all Issuer PII in any medium in the Asset
Representations Reviewer's possession or under its control will be (i) destroyed in a manner that prevents its recovery or restoration
or (ii) if so directed by the Issuer, returned to the Issuer without the Asset Representations Reviewer retaining any actual or recoverable
copies, in both cases, without charge to the Issuer. Where the Asset Representations Reviewer retains Issuer PII, the Asset Representations
Reviewer will limit the Asset Representations Reviewer's further use or disclosure of Issuer PII to that required by applicable law.

(f) Compliance; Modification. The Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with and provide
information to the Issuer regarding the Asset Representations Reviewer's

12

compliance
with this Section 4.10. The Asset Representations Reviewer and the Issuer agree to modify this Section 4.10 as necessary for either party
to comply with applicable law.

(g) 
Audit of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will permit the
Issuer and its authorized representatives to audit the Asset Representations Reviewer's compliance with this Section 4.10 during the
Asset Representations Reviewer's normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer, and not more
than once during any year unless circumstances necessitate additional audits. The Issuer agrees to make reasonable efforts to schedule
any audit described in this Section 4.10 with the inspections described in Section 4.7. The Asset Representations Reviewer will also
permit the Issuer during normal business hours on reasonable advance notice to audit any service providers used by the Asset Representations
Reviewer to fulfill the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement.

(h) 
Affiliates and Third Parties. If the Asset Representations Reviewer processes the PII of
the Issuer's Affiliates or a third party when performing a Review, and if such Affiliate or third party is identified to the Asset Representations
Reviewer, such Affiliate or third party is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 4.10, and this Agreement is intended to
benefit the Affiliate or third party. The Affiliate or third party may enforce the PII related terms of this Section 4.10 against the
Asset Representations Reviewer as if each were a signatory to this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL;

SUCCESSOR ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER

Section
5.1. Eligibility
Requirements for Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations
Reviewer must be a Person who (a) is not Affiliated with the Sponsor, the Depositor, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee, the Owner Trustee,
the Delaware Trustee or any of their Affiliates and (b) was not, and is not Affiliated with a Person that was, engaged by the Sponsor
or any Underwriter to perform any due diligence on the Leases prior to the Closing Date.

Section
5.2. Resignation
and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(a) 
No Resignation. The Asset Representations Reviewer will not resign as Asset Representations
Reviewer unless it determines it is legally unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement and there is no reasonable action
that it could take to make the performance of its obligations under this Agreement permitted under applicable law. The Asset Representations
Reviewer will notify the Issuer and the Servicer of its resignation as soon as practicable after it determines it is required to resign
and stating the resignation date, including an Opinion of Counsel supporting its determination.

(b) 
Removal. If any of the following events occur, the Issuer may remove the Asset Representations
Reviewer and terminate its rights and obligations under this Agreement by notifying the Asset Representations Reviewer:

13

(i) 
the Asset Representations Reviewer no longer meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.1;

(ii) 
the Asset Representations Reviewer breaches of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or obligations in this Agreement; or

(iii) 
an Insolvency Event of the Asset Representations Reviewer occurs.

(c) 
Notice of Resignation or Removal. The Issuer will notify the Servicer, the Owner Trustee
and the Indenture Trustee of any resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer.

(d) 
Continue to Perform After Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset
Representations Reviewer will be effective, and the Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, until a successor Asset Representations Reviewer has accepted its engagement according to Section 5.3(b).

Section
5.3. Successor
Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(a) 
Engagement of Successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Following the resignation or removal
of the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuer will engage a successor Asset Representations Reviewer who meets the eligibility requirements
of Section 5.1.

(b) 
Effectiveness of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of the Asset Representations
Reviewer will be effective until the successor Asset Representations Reviewer has executed and delivered to the Issuer and the Servicer
an agreement accepting its engagement and agreeing to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement
or entered into a new agreement with the Issuer on substantially the same terms as this Agreement.

(c) 
Transition and Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer resigns or is removed, the
Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with the Issuer and take all actions reasonably requested to assist the Issuer in making
an orderly transition of the Asset Representations Reviewer's rights and obligations under this Agreement to the successor Asset Representations
Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will pay the reasonable expenses of transitioning the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations
under this Agreement and preparing the successor Asset Representations Reviewer to take on the obligations on receipt of an invoice in
reasonable detail from the Issuer or the successor Asset Representations Reviewer.

Section
5.4. Merger,
Consolidation or Succession. Any Person (a) into which the Asset Representations
Reviewer is merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a party
or (c) succeeding to the Asset Representations Reviewer's business, if that Person meets the eligibility requirements in Section 5.1,
will be the successor to the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement. Such Person will execute and deliver to the Issuer
and the Servicer an agreement to assume the Asset Representations Reviewer's obligations under this Agreement (unless the assumption
happens by operation of law).

14

ARTICLE
VI

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Section
6.1. Independence
of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will
be an independent contractor and will not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee for the manner in which it
accomplishes the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Unless authorized by the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, respectively,
the Asset Representations Reviewer will have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer or the Owner Trustee and will not be considered
an agent of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee. Nothing in this Agreement will make the Asset Representations Reviewer and either of the
Issuer or the Owner Trustee members of any partnership, joint venture or other separate entity or impose any liability as such on any
of them.

Section
6.2. No Petition.
Each of the parties agrees that, before the date that is one year and one day (or, if longer, any applicable preference period) after
payment in full of (a) all Secured Obligations, including all Exchange Notes, and any other Securities, (b) all securities issued by
the Depositor or by a trust for which the Depositor was a depositor or (c) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any
other Person in starting or pursuing against, (i) either Titling Company or either Holding Company, (ii) the Depositor or (iii) the Issuer,
respectively, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy
or similar law. This Section 6.2 will survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section
6.3. Limitation
of Liability of Owner Trustee. This Agreement has been signed on behalf
of the Issuer by The Bank of New York Mellon not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer.
In no event will The Bank of New York Mellon in its individual capacity or a beneficial owner of the Issuer be liable for the Issuer's
obligations under this Agreement. For all purposes under this Agreement, the Owner Trustee will be subject to, and entitled to the benefits
of, the Trust Agreement.

Section
6.4. Termination
of Agreement. This Agreement will terminate on the earlier of (a) the payment
in full of all outstanding Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and (b) the date the Issuer is terminated under
the Trust Agreement. 

ARTICLE
VII

Miscellaneous Provisions

Section
7.1. Amendments.

(a) 
Amendments. The parties may amend this Agreement:

(i) 
to clarify an ambiguity, correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that
may be defective or inconsistent with the other terms of this Agreement or any prospectus or offering memorandum related to the Notes
or to provide for, or facilitate the acceptance of this Agreement by, a successor Asset Representations Reviewer, in each case, without
the consent of the Noteholders or any other Person;

15

(ii) 
to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement, in each case, without the consent of the Noteholders
or any other Person, if the Administrator delivers an Officer's Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
stating that the amendment will not have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders; or

(iii) 
to add, change or eliminate terms of this Agreement for which an Officer's Certificate is not or
cannot be delivered under Section 7.1(a)(ii), with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of
Notes Outstanding (with each affected Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single
class).

(b) 
Indenture Trustee Consent. No amendment to this Agreement that could have a material adverse
effect on the rights or responsibilities of the Indenture Trustee will be effective without the consent of the Indenture Trustee.

(c) 
Notice of Amendments. The Administrator will notify the Rating Agencies in advance of any
amendment. Promptly after the execution of an amendment, the Administrator will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies.

Section
7.2. Assignment;
Benefit of Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) 
Assignment. Except as stated in Section 5.4, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset
Representations Reviewer without the consent of the Issuer and the Servicer.

(b) 
Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the benefit of and
will be binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit
of the Noteholders, will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Asset Representations
Reviewer and the Servicer. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement.

Section
7.3. Notices.

(a) 
Notices to Parties. All notices, requests, directions, consents, waivers or other communications
to or from the parties must be in writing and will be considered received by the recipient:

(i) 
for overnight mail, on delivery or, for registered first class mail, postage prepaid, three days
after deposit in the mail properly addressed to the recipient;

(ii) 
for a fax, when receipt is confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient;

(iii) 
for an email, when receipt is confirmed by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and

16

(iv) 
for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the recipient has access, on
delivery of an email (without the requirement of confirmation of receipt) stating that the electronic posting has been made.

(b) 
Notice Addresses. A notice, request, direction, consent, waiver or other communication must
be addressed to the recipient at its address stated in Schedule A to the Indenture, which address the party may change by notifying the
other parties.

Section
7.4. GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section
7.5. Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each party submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of any New York State Court sitting in New York, New York
for legal proceedings relating to this Agreement. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that the proceeding has been
brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section
7.6. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. Each party irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, THE right to trial by jury in legal proceedingS relating to this agreement.

Section
7.7. No Waiver;
Remedies. No party's failure or delay in exercising a power, right or remedy
under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of a power, right or remedy will preclude any other or further
exercise of the power, right or remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this
Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law.

Section
7.8. Severability.
If a part of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then it will be deemed severable from the remaining Agreement
and will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining Agreement.

Section
7.9. Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
7.10. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts. Each counterpart will be an original and all counterparts will together be one
document.

[Remainder of Page
Left Blank]

17

EXECUTED BY:

FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2025-A,

as Issuer

By: THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not in
its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Esther Antoine 

Name: Esther Antoine

Title: Vice President 

FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC,

as Servicer

By: /s/ Ryan Hershberger

Name: Ryan Hershberger

Title: Assistant Treasurer

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations
Reviewer

By: /s/ Anthony Neske

Name: Anthony Neske

Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature
Page to Asset Representations Review Agreement]

Schedule A

Review Materials

1. A
copy of the Lease File that includes the following documents, if applicable:

(a) The
motor vehicle lease agreement or similar document as amended that evidences the Lease.

(b) The
following documents related to the Lease (collectively, the "Amendments"):

(i) Any
correction notices to the Lease prior to the Cutoff Date, and

(ii) Any
modification agreements completed by the parties to the Lease prior to the Cutoff Date;

(c) The
certificate of title, motor vehicle lien statement, application for title, application for
registration for motor vehicle, certificate of origin or manufacturer statement of origin
for a vehicle, or other evidence (including eAtlas reporting for electronic titling states)
showing the security interest in the Leased Vehicle (collectively, the "Title Documents");

(d) Proof
of insurance;

(e) Any
ancillary documents for credit insurance, service contracts or other products and services
(collectively, the "Ancillary Documents");

(f) Military
orders; and

(g) State
specific documents related to the Lease.

2. Copies
of applicable Ford Credit procedures, as of the date of the Lease,
including:

(a) Ford
Credit's procedure listing approved lease forms as of the date of the Lease (the "List
of Approved Contract Forms");

(b) Ford
Credit's procedure listing acceptable name variations of Ford Credit, Lincoln Automotive
Financial Services, CAB East LLC, CAB West LLC, CABT and HTD Leasing LLC (the "List
of Acceptable Name Variations"); and

(c) Ford
Credit's procedure listing approved providers and form numbers for credit insurance, service
contracts and other products and services (the "List of Approved Products").

SA-1

3. A
copy of the Red Carpet Lease Assignment with the Dealer that originated the Lease (the "Dealer
Assignment").

4. Applicable
screen prints from Ford Credit's receivables systems.

SA-2

Schedule B

Representations
and Warranties and Tests

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Section
3.3(a) Origination of Leases. The Lease was originated by a Dealer in the United States and has a garaging
location in an Eligible State. The Lease was originated by a Dealer for the retail lease of a Leased Vehicle in the ordinary
course of the Dealer's business. The Lease was signed by the parties to the Lease. The Lease was purchased
by a Titling Company qualified to hold the Lease and the related Leased Vehicle and was validly assigned by the Dealer to that Titling
Company. 

Test
3.3(a) 1: Dealer Address

Observe the address of the Dealer on the Lease and confirm it
is in the United States.

Test 3.3(a) 2: Garaging
Location

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the state in the garaging address on the date of the Lease corresponds to the correct Titling Company as stated in the
applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(a) 3: Lease
Signed

Observe the Lease and confirm signatures are present for the
Dealer and the Lessee.

Test 3.3(a) 4: Lease
Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Lease and confirm
they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Test 3.3(a) 5: Qualified
Titling Company

Observe the Lease and confirm the Titling Company identified
as the Holder is qualified to do business in the state of the Dealer's address.

Test 3.3(a) 6: Valid
Assignment

Observe the Lease and confirm the Dealer's signature is present
to assign the lease to a Titling Company.

Test 3.3(a) 7: Dealer
Confirmation

Observe the Dealer name on the Lease and confirm it matches
the Dealer name on the Dealer Assignment.

Section
3.3(b) New Vehicle. The Leased Vehicle was a new car, light truck or utility vehicle according to the
Underwriting Procedures at the beginning of the related Lease. 

Test
3.3(b) 1: New Vehicle

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm that the Leased Vehicle is identified as "new" or "demo."

Section
3.3(c) Monthly Payments. The Lease (if not an Advance Payment Plan Lease) provides for monthly payments
in U.S. dollars in an amount equal to the sum of (i) a level scheduled payment that provides a fixed internal rate of return and
amortizes the Adjusted Capitalized Cost stated in the Lease to the Contract Residual Value of the related Leased Vehicle over the
term of the Lease, plus (ii) other fees and taxes on the Lease. 

Test
3.3(c) 1: Monthly Payments

Observe the Lease and confirm it reflects monthly payments.

Test 3.3(c) 2: U.S.
Dollars

Observe the Lease and confirm it is payable in U.S. dollars.

Test 3.3(c) 3: Level
Monthly Payments

Observe the Lease and confirm it reflects a level scheduled
payment.

Test 3.3(c) 4: Rate
of Return

Observe the Lease and confirm the sum of "Depreciation
and other Amortized Amounts" and "Rent Charge" divided by "Lease Payments" equals "Base Payment."

Test 3.3(c) 5: Amortization

Observe the Lease and confirm "Adjusted Capitalized Cost"
minus the product of "Lease Payments" multiplied by "Base Payment" minus "Rent Charge" equals "Residual
Value."

SB-1

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Test
3.3(c) 6: Total Payment

Observe
the Lease and confirm "Base Payment" plus other fees and taxes equals "Total
Payment."

Section
3.3(d) Certificate of Title. The Leased Vehicle was titled, or the Servicer has started procedures
that will result in the Leased Vehicle being titled in a manner acceptable to the relevant governmental authority. 

Test
3.3(d) 1: Garaging Location

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the state in the garaging address on the date of the Lease matches the state on the Title Documents.

Observe the Title Documents and confirm they reflect the Titling
Company as stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure, using a name included in the List of Acceptable Name Variations, as the
Owner.

Test 3.3(d) 2: Title
Verification

Observe the Holder on the Lease and confirm it matches the Owner
on the Title Documents.

Observe the vehicle identification number on the Lease and confirm
it matches the vehicle identification number on the Title Documents.

Section
3.3(e) No Government Lessee. The Lease is not an obligation of the United States or a State or local
government or any agency, department, instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or a State or local government. 

Test
3.3(e) 1: No Government Lessee

Observe the Lease and confirm the Leased Vehicle is leased for
personal use or, if not, confirm the Lessee is not a government Lessee. If the name of the Lessee contains a word indicating it may
be a government Lessee, use online sources to confirm the Lessee is a commercial business and not a government Lessee.

Section
3.3(f) No Commercial Lessee. The Lease is not a commercial lease contract, master lease contract or
fleet vehicle lease contract, but the Lease may have been entered by a business entity and the Leased Vehicle may be used for commercial
purposes. 

Test
3.3(f) 1: Lease Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Lease and confirm
they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Section
3.3(g) Insurance. The Lease requires the Lessee to have comprehensive, collision and liability insurance
covering the Leased Vehicle. 

Test
3.3(g) 1: Insurance

Observe the Lease and confirm it contains an agreement from
the Lessee to insure against loss of or risk to the Leased Vehicle.

Section
3.3(h) Compliance with Underwriting Procedures. The Lease was underwritten according to the Underwriting
Procedures in effect at the time in all material respects. 

Test
3.3(h) 1: Lease Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Lease and confirm
they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Test 3.3(h) 2: Leased
Vehicle Description

Observe the Lease and confirm the description of the Leased
Vehicle, including the vehicle identification number, year, make and model, new, used or demo, matches the vehicle information for
the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems.

Observe each Ancillary Document, if any, and confirm any information
describing the Leased Vehicle matches the corresponding information on the Lease.

Test 3.3(h) 3: Fees
and Additional Products

Observe the fees, if any, included in the "Amounts Due
At Lease Signing or Delivery" section of the Lease and confirm they do not exceed the limits

SB-2

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

stated
in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Observe
the Lease and confirm the amount the acquisition fee is the amount required by Ford Credit
procedure and, if it is an advance payment lease, confirm the acquisition fee is listed in
the "Amounts Due At Lease Signing or Delivery" section.

Observe
the amount for each additional product, if any, included in the "Itemization of Gross
Capitalized Cost" section of the Lease and confirm each amount does not exceed the advance
cap amount stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test
3.3(h) 4: Lease Signed

Observe
the Lease and confirm signatures are present for the Dealer and the Lessee.

Test
3.3(h) 5: Insurance

Observe
the insurance section of the Lease and confirm the minimum limits meet the requirements as
stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Confirm
the Lease File contains proof of insurance as stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test
3.3(h) 6: Dealer Confirmation

Observe
the Lease and confirm that the Dealer name matches the Dealer name on the Red Carpet Lease
Assignment.

Test
3.3(h) 7: Additional Document Requirements

Observe
the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems and confirm that no additional document
requirements are indicated for origination or, if so, confirm all required documents are
in the Lease File.

Test
3.3(h) 8: Notice to Co-Signer

Observe
the Lease and confirm the "Vehicle Use" is personal and if so, confirm if a "Notice
to Cosigner" document is required by the applicable Ford Credit procedure and if so,
confirm a signed and dated "Notice to Cosigner" document is in the Lease File.

Test
3.3(h) 9: Odometer Disclosure Statement

Observe
the Odometer Disclosure Statement and confirm it is completed and signed as stated in the
applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test
3.3(h) 10: Finance Company and Holder

Observe
the Lease and confirm the "Finance Company" and "Holder" section is completed
as stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Section
3.3(i) Valid Assignment. The Lease was originated in, and is subject to the laws of, a jurisdiction
which permits the sale and assignment of the Lease and the related Leased Vehicle to the Titling Company. The terms of
the Lease do not limit the right of the owner of the Lease to sell the Lease. 

Test
3.3(i) 1: Lease Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Contract and
confirm they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Section
3.3(j) Compliance with Law. At the time it was originated, the Lease complied in all material respects with
all 

Test
3.3(j) 1: Lease Form

Observe
the form number and revision date on the Lease and confirm they are on the List of Approved
Contract Forms.

SB-3

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

requirements
of law in effect at the time. 

Test 3.3(j) 2: Legibility
of Lease

Observe the Lease and confirm all printed sections are legible
and aligned on the correct line.

Test 3.3(j) 3: Additional
Product Provider and Form

Observe the provider name, form number and revision date on
each Ancillary Document, if any, and confirm they are on the List of Approved Products.

Test 3.3(j) 4: Lease
Signed

Observe the Lease and confirm signatures are present for the
Dealer and the Lessee.

Test 3.3(j) 5: Total
of Payments

Observe the "Total of Payments" on the Lease. Calculate
the "Total of Payments" using the "Amount Due at Lease Signing or Delivery" plus "The total of Your monthly
payment is" minus "Your first monthly payment of" and confirm it matches "Total of Payments."

Test 3.3(j) 6: Payment
Schedule

Observe the scheduled due date on the Lease and confirm it follows
the payment due date requirements in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(j) 7: Tax
Disclosure

Observe the Lease and confirm the tax on capitalized cost reduction,
if any, is disclosed as required by Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(j) 8: Gross
Capitalized Cost

Observe the "Gross capitalized cost" in the "Your
payment is determined as shown below" section of the Lease and confirm that it equals the "Total Gross Capitalized Cost"
in the "Itemization of Gross Capitalized Cost" section.

Test 3.3(j) 9: Adjusted
Capitalized Cost

Observe the "Your payment is determined as shown below"
section of the Lease and confirm that "Gross capitalized cost" minus "Capitalized cost reduction" equals "Adjusted
capitalized cost."

Test 3.3(j) 10:
Term

Observe the "Payments" box on the Lease and confirm
it matches the "Lease payments" in the "Your payment is determined as shown below" section.

Test 3.3(j) 11:
Total Miles Allowed

Observe the "Excess Wear and Use" section of the Lease
and confirm the price per mile and the mileage lines are completed according to applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(j) 12:
Warranty Disclosure

Observe the "Warranty" disclosure box on the Lease
and confirm it has been completed according to applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(j) 13:
Official Fees and Taxes Disclosure

Observe the "Official Fees and Taxes" disclosure box
on the Lease and confirm it has been competed according to applicable Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(j) 14:
Equal Credit Opportunity Act - Origination

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm any comments at origination do not conflict with the prohibited practices described in the applicable Ford Credit procedure.

SB-4

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Test
3.3(j) 15: State Disclosures; Contract Complete

Observe
the Lease and confirm all lines on the Lease are completed or properly left blank.

Test
3.3(j) 16: State-Specific Underwriting Requirements

Observe
the state in the address of the Dealer on the Lease. If the state is listed below, perform
the tests for the specific state.

California

Observe
the Lease and confirm that it indicates it was negotiated primarily in English or, if it
indicates one of the other languages, confirm a completed translation of the Lease in that
language is in the Lease File.

Florida

Confirm
a signed "Customer-Dealer Registration Agreement" or a document identifying that
the Dealer used the actual registration amount is in the Lease file.

Illinois

Illinois-1-Sales
Tax Form

Confirm
a completed sales tax form is in the Lease File.

Illinois-2-Translation

Confirm
there is no translation acknowledgment form in the Lease File or, if so, confirm the form
is completed and signed.

Kansas

Observe
the Lease and confirm that no credit insurance was purchased or, if so, confirm the "Credit
Insurance Premium Refund Notice" is in the Lease File and the date of the form is within
ten days of the Lease purchase date.

New
Jersey

Observe
the Lease and confirm the date the Lessee signed the Lease is at least one business day after
the date of the Lease or, if the dates are the same, confirm a waiver signed by the Lessee
is in the Lease File.

New
York

Confirm
there is no translation acknowledgment form in the Lease File or, if so, confirm the form
is completed and signed.

Ohio

Observe
the Lease and confirm that no credit insurance was purchased or, if so, confirm a completed
and signed "Notice of Optional Credit Insurance" is in the Lease File.

SB-5

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Section
3.3(k) Binding Obligation. The Lease is on a form contract that includes rights and remedies allowing
the holder to enforce the obligation and realize on the Leased Vehicle and represents the legal, valid and binding payment obligation
of the Lessee, enforceable in all material respects by the holder of the Lease, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights or by general equitable principles and consumer
financial protection laws. 

Test
3.3(k) 1: Lease Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Contract and
confirm they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Section
3.3(l) Security Interest in Leased Vehicle. The Collateral Agent has, or the Servicer has started procedures
that will result in the Collateral Agent having, a perfected, first-priority security interest in the Leased Vehicle, which security
interest was validly created. 

Test
3.3(l) 1: Security Interest in Lease Vehicle

Observe the Title Documents and confirm they show HTD Leasing
LLC, using a name included in the List of Acceptable Name Variations, as the first lienholder.

Observe the vehicle identification number on the Lease and confirm
it matches the vehicle identification number on the Title Documents.

Section
3.3(m) Good Title to Lease and Leased Vehicle. The applicable Titling Company has good title, or the
Servicer has started procedures that will result in good title, to the Lease and Leased Vehicle, free and clear of Liens other than
Permitted Liens. 

Test
3.3(m) 1: Garaging Location

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the state in the garaging address on the date of the Lease matches the state on the Title Documents.

Observe the Title Documents and confirm they reflect the Titling
Company as stated in the applicable Ford Credit procedure, using a name included in the List of Acceptable Name Variations, as the
Owner.

Test 3.3(m) 2: Valid
Assignment

Observe the Lease and confirm the Dealer signature is present
to assign the lease to the applicable Titling Company.

Section
3.3(n) Chattel Paper. The Lease is either "tangible chattel paper" or "electronic chattel
paper" within the meaning of the applicable UCC and there is only one original authenticated copy of the Lease. 

Test
3.3(n) 1: Lease Signed

Observe the Lease and confirm signatures are present for the
Dealer and Lessee.

Test 3.3(n) 2: Lease
Form

Observe the form number and revision date on the Lease and confirm
they are on the List of Approved Contract Forms.

Test 3.3(n) 3: One
Original

Observe the Lease and confirm it is an electronic contract or,
if not, confirm it states "original" above the ply description line.

SB-6

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Section
3.3(o) Servicing. The Lease was serviced in compliance with law and the Servicing Procedures in all
material respects from the time it was originated to the Cutoff Date. 

Test
3.3(o) 1: Credit Bureau Reporting

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the number of days, if any, the Lease account was past due for each month preceding the Cutoff Date matches the information
reported to the credit bureaus for the Lease account.

Test 3.3(o) 2: Lessee
Complaints

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm that "Complaints/Feedback" is not indicated for the Lease account as of the Cutoff Date or, if so, confirm
that the documentation indicated in Ford Credit's receivables systems related to the complaint follows the applicable Ford Credit
procedures.

Test 3.3(o) 3: Equal
Credit Opportunity Act - Servicing

Observe the customer service notes, if any, for the Lease account
in Ford Credit's receivables systems and confirm any comments do not conflict with the prohibited practices described in the applicable
Ford Credit procedure.

Test 3.3(o) 4: Servicemembers
Civil Relief Act

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm that Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is not indicated for the Lease account as of the Cutoff Date or, if so and if military
orders are in the Lease File, confirm the lease factor for the Lease account indicated in Ford Credit's receivables systems is less
than or equal to 4.25%.

Section
3.3(p) No Bankruptcy. As of the Cutoff Date, the Sponsor's receivables systems do not indicate that
the Lessee on the Lease is a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding. 

Test
3.3(p) 1: No Bankruptcy

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
as of the Cutoff Date and confirm the "Bankrupt" field is blank.

Section
3.3(q) Leases in Force. As of the Cutoff Date, neither the Sponsor's receivables systems nor the Lease
File indicate that the Lease (i) was a Terminating Lease or a Closed Lease or (ii) was satisfied, subordinated, rescinded, cancelled
or terminated. 

Test
3.3(q) 1: Terminating Lease or Closed Lease

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm it was not a Terminating Lease or a Closed Lease.

Test 3.3(q) 2: Leases
in Force

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm it was an active account on the Cutoff Date.

Section
3.3(r) No Amendments or Modifications. No material term of the Lease has been affirmatively amended
or modified (other than the assessment of a security deposit or a Payment Extension Fee or the payment of any other amount that would
be a Lease Administration Amount, or a default relating to failure by the related Lessee to pay any such amount), except amendments
and modifications indicated in the Sponsor's receivables systems or in the Lease File. 

Test
3.3(r) 1: No Amendments

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm a "Substitution Agreement" and/or "Transfer of Lease" account message is not indicated or, if so,
confirm a substitution agreement and/or transfer agreement is in the Lease File.

SB-7

Representation
and Warranty

(Section references are to the 

Exchange Note Purchase Agreement) Tests

Section
3.3(s) No Extensions. As of the Cutoff Date, the Lease was not amended to extend the due date for any
payment, other than Payment Extensions totaling no more than three months, as recorded in the Sponsor's receivables systems and in
the Lease File. 

Test
3.3(s) 1: No Extensions

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the Lease was not extended more than three months as of the Cutoff Date.

Section
3.3(t) No Defenses. There is no right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense asserted or threatened
against the Lease indicated in the Sponsor's receivables systems or in the Lease File. 

Test
3.3(t) 1: No Defenses

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm there are no "Litigation Pending," "Attorney Representation" and/or "Second Lien" account
messages or, if so, confirm the account message(s) were not present as of the Cutoff Date.

Section
3.3(u) No Payment Default. Except for a payment that is not more than 30 days Delinquent as of the
Cutoff Date, no payment default exists on the Lease. 

Test
3.3(u) 1: No Payment Default

Observe the Lease account in Ford Credit's receivables systems
and confirm the Lease was not more than 30 days Delinquent as of the Cutoff Date.

Section
3.3(v) Maturity of Leases. The Lease has a Scheduled Lease End Date of not greater than 48 months from
the date of the Lease. 

Test
3.3(v) 1: Maturity of Leases

Observe the "Lease Term in Months" on the Lease and
confirm it is not greater than 48.

SB-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>