<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001888524-25-002637.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001888524-25-002637.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226133920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001888524-25-002637
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0000850779
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000740906
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change of Servicer or Trustee
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Commercial mortgages

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANK 2021-BNK34
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001863688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-226486-20
		FILM NUMBER:		25668814

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SOUTH COLLEGE STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28228-0166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7043832556

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 SOUTH COLLEGE STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28228-0166
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>wcm21b34_8k-02262025.htm
<TEXT>
wcm21b34_8k-02262025.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington D.C. 20549 FORM 8-KCURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

February 26,
2025

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported) 

Central Index Key Number of the
issuing entity: 0001863688 

BANK 2021-BNK34

(Exact name of issuing entity) 

Central Index Key Number of the
registrant: 0000850779 

Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0000740906 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001541557 

Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001102113 

Bank of America, National Association

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Central Index Key Number of the
sponsor: 0001577313 

National Cooperative Bank, N.A.

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

New York 

333-226486-20 

35-7287154

38-4178150

38-4178151

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of
issuing entity) 

(Commission File Number of issuing entity) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Numbers) 

c/o
Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as agent for

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

9062 Old Annapolis Road

Columbia, MD 21045

(Address of principal executive offices of the issuing entity) (Zip Code) 

(212)
214-5600

Registrant's Telephone number, including area code 

Former name or former address, if
changed since last report: Not Applicable 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act(17 CFR
240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act(17 CFR
240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this
chapter).

Emerging
growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised Financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of
the Exchange Act. 

Item 6.02 Change of Servicer or Trustee.

Pursuant to Section 7.01(d) of the pooling and
servicing agreement, dated as of June 1, 2021 (the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement), among Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., as depositor,
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,, as general master servicer, Greystone
Servicing Company LLC (Greystone), as general special servicer,
National Cooperative Bank, N.A., as NCB master servicer and as NCB special
servicer, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, acting as an agent
for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as certificate administrator,
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Pentalpha Surveillance
LLC, as operating advisor and as asset representations reviewer, as amended by
Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 9, 2023, relating to the issuing entity
known as BANK 2021-BNK34 (the Issuing Entity), effective as of
February 26, 2025, Greystone was removed as general special servicer and
Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association (Midland),
a national banking association, was appointed as the successor general special
servicer (except with respect to any Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, any NCB
Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the U.S. Steel Tower Mortgage Loan). In
its capacity as general special servicer, Midland will be responsible for the
servicing and administration of the Specially Serviced Loans and REO Properties
pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (except with respect to any
Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, any NCB Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the
U.S. Steel Tower Mortgage Loan), a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Issuing Entity with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on July 19, 2021. 

Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this
Current Report on Form 8K have the meanings set forth in the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement.

Midland Loan Services, a Division of PNC Bank, National Association

Midland
is being appointed as successor general special servicer (except with respect to any Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan, any NCB Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the U.S. Steel
Tower Mortgage Loan) under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and in
this capacity will be responsible for the servicing and administration of the
specially serviced mortgage loans and REO properties (except with respect to any Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, any
NCB Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the U.S. Steel Tower Mortgage Loan)
pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. 

Midlands
principal servicing office is located at 10851 Mastin Street, Building 82,
Suite 300, Overland Park, Kansas 66210.

Midland is a commercial financial services company
that provides loan servicing, asset management and technology solutions for
large pools of commercial and multifamily real estate assets. Midland is
approved as a master servicer, special servicer and primary servicer for
investment-grade commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) by S&P
Global Ratings (S&P), Moodys Investors Service, Inc., Fitch Ratings,
Inc., DBRS, Inc. (DBRS Morningstar) and Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC. 
Midland has received rankings as a master, primary and special servicer of real
estate assets under U.S. CMBS transactions from S&P, Fitch and DBRS
Morningstar. For each category, S&P ranks Midland as Strong. DBRS
Morningstar ranks Midland as MOR CS2 for master servicer, MOR CS1 for
primary servicer, and MOR CS1 for special servicer. Fitch ranks Midland as
CMS2+ for master servicer, CPS2+ for primary servicer, and CSS2+ for
special servicer. Midland is also a HUD/FHA-approved mortgagee and a Fannie Mae-approved
multifamily loan servicer.

Midland has
detailed operating procedures across the various servicing functions to
maintain compliance with its servicing obligations and the servicing standards
under Midlands servicing agreements, including procedures for managing
delinquent and specially serviced loans. The policies and procedures are
reviewed annually and centrally managed. Furthermore, Midlands business
continuity and disaster recovery plans are reviewed and tested annually. 
Midland's policies, operating procedures and business continuity plan
anticipate and provide the mechanism for some or all of Midland's personnel to
work remotely as determined by management to comply with changes in federal,
state or local laws, regulations, executive orders, other requirements and/or
guidance, to address health and/or other concerns related to a pandemic or
other significant event or to address market or other business purposes. 

In accordance with the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, Midland has engaged (or may in the future engage) one or more
third-party vendors and/or affiliates to support Midlands performance of
certain duties and/or obligations under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement,
including, but not limited to, with respect to one or more of the following
tasks, if applicable:

converting and de-converting loans to or from the
servicing system and setting up any applicable cash management waterfall;

calculating
certain amounts such as principal and interest payments, default interest,
deferred interest, rent escalations, financial statement penalty fees,
payoff amounts and other ad hoc items;

calculating
remittances and allocated loan and appraisal reduction amounts and
preparing remittance reports and other related reports, including Schedule
AL;

administering
certain aspects relating to reserve account disbursement requests;

assisting
with the collection of financial/operating statements and rent rolls and
performing operating statement and rent roll spreading activities;

monitoring
covenant compliance and occupancy and tenant-related triggers, completing
certain covenant calculations, tests and related analyses and identifying
loans for Midland to proceed with cash management implementation;

UCC,
tax and insurance-related researching, monitoring, filing, reporting,
collecting and tracking, and lien release filing and tracking;

performing
property inspections and preparing the related property inspection
reports;

updating of the servicing system periodically with
certain information, such as with respect to borrower, collateral, loan terms,
escrows, reserves, covenants, loan-level transactions (i.e., amendments,
assumptions, defeasances, etc.) and servicing fees;

processing
loan and bring current statements and updating receivables; 

per
Midlands requirements, generating certain correspondence including hello
letters, missed payment letters, financial statement demand letters and
event of default letters; and

one
or more additional tasks assigned by Midland; provided, however, such
tasks will not include holding or collecting funds or performing asset
management (other than document review and preparation in support of
Midlands asset managers processing of certain asset management
transactions).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Midland will remain
responsible for Midlands duties and/or obligations under the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement. Midland monitors and oversees its third-party vendors in
compliance with its internal procedures, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement
and applicable law.

Midland will not have primary responsibility for
custody services of original documents evidencing the underlying mortgage
loans. Midland may from time to time have custody of certain of such documents
as necessary for enforcement actions involving particular mortgage loans or
otherwise. To the extent that Midland has custody of any such documents for any
such servicing purposes, such documents will be maintained in a manner
consistent with the servicing standard.

No
securitization transaction involving commercial or multifamily mortgage loans
in which Midland was acting as master servicer, primary servicer or special
servicer has experienced a servicer event of default as a result of any action
or inaction of Midland as master servicer, primary servicer or special
servicer, as applicable, including as a result of Midland's failure to comply
with the applicable servicing criteria in connection with any securitization
transaction. Midland has made all advances required to be made by it under the
servicing agreements on the commercial and multifamily mortgage loans serviced
by Midland in securitization transactions.

From time-to-time Midland is a party to lawsuits and
other legal proceedings as part of its duties as a loan servicer (e.g.,
enforcement of loan obligations) and/or arising in the ordinary course of
business. Midland does not believe that any such lawsuits or legal proceedings
would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its
business or its ability to service loans pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement.

Midland
currently maintains an Internet-based investor reporting system, CMBS Investor
Insight, that contains performance information at the portfolio,
loan and property levels on the various commercial mortgage-backed securities
transactions that it services. Certificateholders, prospective transferees of
the certificates and other appropriate parties may obtain access to CMBS
Investor Insight through Midland's website at www.pnc.com/midland.
Midland may require registration and execution of an access agreement in
connection with providing access to CMBS Investor Insight.

As of December
31, 2024, Midland was named the special servicer in approximately 302
commercial mortgage-backed securities transactions with an aggregate
outstanding principal balance of approximately $118 billion. With respect to such commercial mortgage-backed securities
transactions as of such date, Midland was administering approximately 159
assets with an outstanding principal balance of approximately $4.3 billion.

From
time to time, Midland and/or its affiliates may purchase or sell securities,
including, CMBS certificates. Midland and/or its affiliates may purchase or
sell certificates issued in the offering for this securitization pursuant to
secondary market transactions.

Midland has acted as a special servicer for commercial and multifamily mortgage
loans in CMBS transactions since 1992. The table below contains
information on the size of the portfolio of specially serviced commercial and
multifamily loans, leases and REO properties that have been referred to Midland
as special servicer in CMBS transactions from 2022 to 2024.

Portfolio Size Special
Servicing 

Calendar Year End

(Approximate amounts in billions) 

2022 

2023 

2024

Total 

$162 

$119 

$118

Midland may enter into one or more arrangements with the Directing
Certificateholder, a Controlling Class Certificateholder, any directing
certificateholder, any Companion Holder, the other Certificateholders (or an
affiliate or a third-party representative of one or more of the preceding) or
any other person with the right to appoint or remove and replace the general
special servicer to provide for (i) a discount, waiver and/or revenue sharing
with respect to certain of the special servicer compensation and/or (ii)
certain services, in each case, in consideration of, among other things,
Midlands appointment (or continuance) as general special servicer under the
Pooling and Servicing Agreement and any related co-lender agreement and
limitations on the right of such person to remove the general special servicer.

PNC Bank and its affiliates may use some of the same service
providers (e.g., legal counsel, accountants and appraisal firms) as are
retained on behalf of the Issuing Entity. In some cases, fee rates,
amounts or discounts may be offered to PNC Bank and its affiliates by a third
party vendor which differ from those offered to the trust fund as a result of
scheduled or ad hoc rate changes, differences in the scope, type or nature of
the service or transaction, alternative fee arrangements, and negotiation by
PNC Bank or its affiliates other than Midland. 

The
foregoing information concerning the successor general special servicer (except with respect to any Non-Serviced
Mortgage Loan, any NCB Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the U.S. Steel
Tower Mortgage Loan) under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement has been
provided by Midland. Midland does not make any representations as to the
validity or sufficiency of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (other than as
to it being a valid obligation of Midland as successor general special servicer
(except with respect to any
Non-Serviced Mortgage Loan, any NCB Mortgage Loan, any Excluded Loan and the
U.S. Steel Tower Mortgage Loan)), the Certificates, the Mortgage Loans,
the free writing prospectus or any related documents.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc.

(Depositor) 

/s/ Anthony J. Sfarra

Anthony J. Sfarra, President

Date: February 26, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>