<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-087955.txt : 20250422
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-087955.hdr.sgml : 20250422
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250422085851
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-087955
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250421
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250422
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250422

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rein Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				134196017
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38130
		FILM NUMBER:		25855661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12407 N. MOPAC EXPY.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250 #390
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7378021989

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12407 N. MOPAC EXPY.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250 #390
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aileron Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AILERON THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934084d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQ0001420565false00014205652025-04-212025-04-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 21, 2025

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38130 13-4196017

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

12407 N. Mopac Expy., Suite 250, #390

Austin, Texas 78758

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (737) 802-1989

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value RNTX The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 21, 2025, Rein Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into privately negotiated letter agreements with certain holders of outstanding warrants to purchase the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock) that the Company originally issued on November 2, 2023 (the 2023 Warrants) and certain holders of outstanding warrants to purchase the Companys common stock that the Company originally issued on May 1, 2024 (the 2024 Warrants). Pursuant to these letter agreements, these holders agreed to exercise for cash 2023 Warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 159,500 shares of Common Stock and 2024 Warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 743,429 shares of Common Stock at a reduced exercise price of $1.60 per share on or before April 24, 2025 in the case of the 2023 Warrants and May 1, 2025 in the case of the 2024 Warrants (the Warrant Exercises).

On April 21, 2025, the Company also entered into privately negotiated letter agreements with additional holders of the 2023 Warrants who agreed, in exchange for pre-funded warrants (the Exchange Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 1,939,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.001 per share, to surrender 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,939,000 shares of Common Stock to the Company for cancellation and make an aggregate cash payment of $1.599 per share into which the Exchange Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable on or before April 24, 2025 (the Warrant Exchanges). In the Warrant Exchanges, entities affiliated with Bios Equity Partners, LP (Bios Partners) agreed to exchange 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,300,500 shares of Common Stock plus the required cash for Exchange Pre-Funded Warrants.

In addition, on April 21, 2025, an entity affiliated with Bios Partners (the Bios Purchaser) agreed to purchase additional pre-funded warrants to purchase 312,695 shares of the Common Stock in a private placement (the Placement Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Exchange Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants) pursuant to a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement), at a price of $1.599 per share underlying the Placement Pre-Funded Warrants (the Private Placement, and together with the Warrant Exercises and the Warrant Exchanges, the Transactions). The Private Placement is expected to close on or about April 24, 2025.

The Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $5.05 million from the Transactions.

The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and can be exercised at any time after their original issuance until such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Under the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of any Pre-Funded Warrant, and a holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of any Pre-Funded Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the holder (together with its affiliates and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of its affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of a percentage elected by the holder up to 4.99% or 9.99%, as applicable, of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. However, any holder may, upon written notice to the Company, increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99%; provided that any increase or decrease in such percentage will not be effective until 61 days after such notice is delivered to the Company.

In connection with the Private Placement, the Company has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with the Bios Purchaser. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed that it will prepare and file a resale registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) within 90 calendar days following the date on which the Bios Purchaser has informed the Company that Bios Partners and its affiliates beneficially owns more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of common stock or the voting power of the Company (the Filing Deadline). The Company will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause this registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC within 30 calendar days of the Filing Deadline.

Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has also agreed, among other things, to indemnify the Bios Purchaser, its officers, directors, agents, partners, members, managers, stockholders, affiliates and employees under the registration statement from certain liabilities and pay all fees and expenses (excluding any underwriting discounts and selling commissions and all legal fees and expenses of legal counsel for Bios Partners, except for reasonable and documented fees and expenses in an amount not to exceed $30,000 in connection with the review of the registration statement) incident to the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement.

The foregoing summary of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the letter agreements, the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of the Pre-Funded Warrants and letters agreements, the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the letter agreements, the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties thereto and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the letter agreements, the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement are incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms thereof and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, and these securities cannot be sold in any state or jurisdiction in which this offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any state or jurisdiction. Any offer will be made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement.

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The descriptions of the Transactions, including the description of the Pre-Funded Warrants, in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference. Based in part upon the representations of the participants in the Warrant Exchanges in the applicable letter agreements and the Bios Purchaser in the Subscription Agreement, the offering and sale of the Pre-Funded Warrants in the Warrant Exchanges and the Private Placement will be consummated pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued in the Warrant Exchanges and the Private Placement have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Each holder participating in the Warrant Exchanges and the Bios Purchaser represented that it is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, and that it is acquiring the Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued in such transactions for investment purposes only and not with a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition of such securities in violation of the United States federal securities laws.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, any statements with respect to the Transactions and the expected closing of the Transactions. Forward-looking statements may contain the words believes, expects, anticipates, plans, intends, seeks, estimates, assumes, predicts, projects, targets, will, may, would, could, should, continue, potential, focus, strategy, mission, or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to the satisfaction of closing conditions related to the Transactions . There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to complete the Transactions on the anticipated terms, or at all. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Company and its business can be found under the caption Risk Factors included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and in other filings that the Company periodically makes with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent the views of the Company only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing the Companys views as of any subsequent date. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Number Description

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

10.1 Form of Inducement Letter 

10.2 Form of Exchange Letter 

10.3 Pre-Funded Warrant Subscription Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2025, between the Company and Bios Purchaser 

10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2025, between the Company and Bios Purchaser 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 22, 2025 REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Windsor

Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934084dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

THESE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE BUT HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (I) SUCH
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH
TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF
DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION). 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

Number of Shares: [] 

(subject to adjustment) 

Warrant No. [] Original Issue Date: April [], 2025

Rein Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [] or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of
[] shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise price
per share equal to $0.001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common
Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date hereof (the Original
Issue Date), subject to the following terms and conditions: 

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall
have the following meanings: 

(a) Affiliate means any Person directly or indirectly controlled by,
controlling or under common control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control shall continue. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by, controlling
and under common control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect, of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities or
partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests. 

(b) Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or
indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any Attribution Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Common Stock would
or could be aggregated with the Holders and/or any other Attribution Partys for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and
all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage (as defined in Section 11). 

(c) Commission means the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

(d) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade
price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price,
then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg Financial Markets,
the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported in the OTC Link or pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. as of 4:00 P.M., New York City time on such date. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be
calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are
unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value. The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all
parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(e) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(f) Group shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related
rules, regulations and jurisprudence. 

(g) Principal Trading Market means the national securities
exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

(h) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(i) Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading. 

(j) Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Companys transfer agent and
registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity. 

2. Registration of Warrants. The Company shall register
ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to
which this Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner and holder hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all
applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes
(if any). Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall
be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining 

2 

portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such
transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any
New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may deem and treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be
affected by any notice to the contrary. 

4. Exercise and Duration of Warrants. 

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant at
any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date. 

(b) The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering
to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares
as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10 below), and the date on which the last of such
items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder.
Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The aggregate exercise
price of this Warrant, except for the Exercise Price, was pre-funded to the Company on or before the Original Issue Date, and consequently no additional consideration (other than the Exercise Price) shall be
required to be paid by the Holder to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-funded exercise price under any
circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder,
the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares. 

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than two (2) Trading Days following
the Exercise Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit or instruct the Transfer Agent to credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees
balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system, provided that the Transfer Agent is then a participant in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program
and either (i) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of such Warrant Shares to or resale of such Warrant Shares by the Holder or (ii) such Warrant Shares are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1)
promulgated under the Securities Act, and otherwise issue such Warrant Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a
participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. The Holder, or any natural person or legal entity (each, a Person) permissibly so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares,
shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates or book entry
positions evidencing such Warrant Shares, as the case may be. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if issued in restricted book-entry form, will contain a customary legend to the effect that the
Warrant Shares are not registered. 

3 

(b) If by the close of the second (2nd) Trading Day following the Exercise
Date, the Company fails to deliver to the Holder a certificate or book entry position representing the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner required pursuant to Section 5(a) or fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to credit the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC for such number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder or its designee is entitled, and if after such second (2nd) Trading Day and prior to the receipt of such
Warrant Shares, the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise, provided such purchases shall be made in a commercially reasonable manner at prevailing market prices) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders sole discretion, either (1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including commercially reasonable brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased, at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate or credit such account (and to issue such Warrant Shares) shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder such Warrant Shares in
the manner provided in Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of Holders total purchase price (including commercially reasonable brokerage commissions, if any) for the
shares of Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In over the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the Closing
Sale Price of a share of Common Stock on the Exercise Date. 

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject to
Section 5(b), the Companys obligations to cause the Transfer Agent to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth
in Section 11 below) are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any
judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or
alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to
Section 5(b), nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates or book entry positions representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of certificates or book entry positions for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and
expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares or the
Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise
hereof. 

4 

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss,
theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable indemnity and surety bond, if requested by the Company. Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with such other reasonable regulations
and procedures and pay such other reasonable third-party costs as the Company may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a
condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant. 

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it
will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise
of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the
Holder (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise
Price (including by means of a cashless exercise under Section 10 below) in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and
non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or
regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions
to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding. 

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and
number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9. 

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a
stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock
or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant shall be divided by a fraction, the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of
this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is
not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the number of Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of
the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or issuance. 

5 

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while
this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock for no consideration (i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any security, (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) cash
or any other asset (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding a distribution of Common Stock subject to Section 9(a) and any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c)) (in
each case, Distributed Property), then, upon any exercise of this Warrant that occurs after the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such distribution, or if no such record date is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for participation in such distribution, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Warrant Shares otherwise issuable upon such exercise (if
applicable), the Distributed Property that such Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of Warrant Shares had the Holder been the record holder of such Warrant Shares immediately prior to such record date without regard
to any limitation on exercise contained therein, including without limitation the Maximum Percentage (as defined below) (provided, that to the extent that the Holders rights to participate in any such distribution would result in the Holder or
its Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Distributed Property (and beneficial
ownership) to such extent) and such portion of such Distributed Property shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its rights thereto would not result in the Holder and any other Attribution Party exceeding
the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distributed Property (and any Distributed Property declared or made on such initial distribution or any subsequent distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same
extent as if there had been no such limitation) . 

(c) Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity and in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially
all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital stock tender shares representing more than 50% of the
voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the
Company (except for any such transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain, in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such Person immediately after the transaction), or
(v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a
subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then upon such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have
the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company
shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides
for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other
Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and the other
obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type. 

6 

(d) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to
the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionally, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise
Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. 

(e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest
one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable. 

(f) Notice of
Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as
applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and
to the Transfer Agent. 

(g) Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company
(i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the
Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then, except if such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material non-public information, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such
transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the
failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In the event such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material non-public information, the Company shall (on the same time frame set forth in the immediately prior sentence) offer the Holder the ability to sign a confidentiality agreement related thereto sufficient to allow the
Holder to receive such notice, and the Company shall deliver such notice immediately upon execution of such confidentiality agreement. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement
contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9(c), other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(c), then,
except if such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material non-public information, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least ten
(10) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated. 

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in
an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows: 

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

7 

where: 

X equals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder; 

Y equals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised; 

A equals the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock (as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day
on the date immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and 

B equals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable
Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise. 

If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and
agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and the holding period thereof may be tacked on to
the holding period of the Warrants being exercised.Except as set forth in Section 5(b)(Buy-In remedy) and Section 12 (payment of cash in lieu of
fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash. 

11. Limitations on Exercise. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and
the Holder shall not be entitled to exercise this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares in excess of that number of Warrant Shares, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise had not been made, which, upon
giving effect or immediately prior to such exercise, would result in (i) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties to exceed 9.99% (the Maximum
Percentage) of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company following such exercise, or (ii) the combined voting power of the securities of the Company beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Attribution Parties to exceed the Maximum Percentage of the combined voting power of all of the securities of the Company then outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, Form 8-K or other public filing as the case may be, filed with the Commission, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other notice by
the Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number). Upon the written request of the Holder, the Company
shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock that it, together with
its Attribution Parties, holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously or
immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding
Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution
Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be

8 

purchased pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the
Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant
shall result in the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and
void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null
and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage
specified in such notice not in excess of 19.99%; provided that any such increase will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. For purposes of this
Section 11(a), the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or voting securities held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of
Common Stock which would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining unexercised and non-cancelled portion of this Warrant held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder or its Attribution Parties and
(y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised, non-converted or non-cancelled portion of any other securities of the Company that do not have voting power
(including without limitation any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock), is subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein and is held and/or
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. 

(b)
This Section 11 shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other
consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(c) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock
issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules promulgated thereunder or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, including Rule 16a-1(a)(1). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this
paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 11(a) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership
limitation contained in this Section 11(a) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to
a successor holder of this Warrant.

9 

12. 

No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of
this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on
the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares. 

13. 

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without
limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed
e-mail at the e-mail address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the next
Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified in the books and records of
the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying
next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery. 

If to the Company: 

Brian
Windsor, Chief Executive Officer 

Rein Therapeutics, Inc. 

12407 N. Mopac Expy., Suite 250, #390 

Austin, Texas 78758 

Email
address: [***] 

14. 

Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon ten
(10) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new
warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any
further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15. 

Miscellaneous. 

(a) No Rights as a Stockholder. The Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant,
shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as
the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger,
amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise
of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such
liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

10 

(b) Authorized Shares. Except and to the extent as waived or
consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all
such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant
Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by
the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the
Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action
under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns. 

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and
the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. 

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all
of the terms and conditions contained herein. 

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING
THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE
COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH
ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF THE WARRANT OR ANY OF THE DOCUMENTS DELIVERED HEREUNDER), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 

11 

(g) Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do
not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(h) Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in
any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable
provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its
authorized officer as of the date first indicated above. 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Brian Windsor

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Pre-Funded Warrant] 

SCHEDULE 1 

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 

[To be
executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Warrant] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

(1) 

The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued by Rein Therapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

(2) 

The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) 

The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) 

If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $____ in immediately available funds
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

(5) 

Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in
accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

(6) 

By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving
effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be
owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates. 

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934084dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

12407 N. Mopac Expy., Suite 250, #390 

Austin, Texas 78758 

April
, 2025 

Re: 

Inducement Offer to Exercise 2023 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock

Dear Holder: 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. (formerly
Aileron Therapeutics, Inc.) (the Company) is pleased to offer to you the opportunity to exercise for cash the warrant to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock), issued to you on November 2, 2023 (as amended, the 2023 Warrant) at a reduced exercise price of $1.60 per share of Common Stock, as set forth in an amendment to the 2023 Warrant (the Warrant
Amendment), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, which shall become effective upon the terms set forth herein and therein. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the 2023 Warrant.

You may accept this offer only by delivery of (a)(i) an executed counterpart signature to this letter agreement and (ii) an executed
Exercise Notice for the 2023 Warrant, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, in each case to be delivered to the Company on or before 4:00 p.m. on April , 2025 and (b) delivery of the payment for the cash
exercise price of the 2023 Warrants on or before April , 2025. Settlement of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 Warrant shall be in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 1(a) of the 2023
Warrant. If you fail to deliver any of your counterpart signature page to this letter agreement, your executed Exercise Notice or the payment for the cash exercise price on a timely basis as provided herein, this offer will be deemed to be withdrawn
and the Company shall have no obligation to deliver any shares of Common Stock to you upon exercise of the warrant at the reduced exercise price offered hereby. 

You acknowledge and the Company agrees that on or before 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on the business day following the execution of this letter
agreement, the Company shall issue a press release and/or file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including the form of
letter agreement as an exhibit thereto. From and after the issuance of such press release or filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, as applicable, the Company represents to you that it shall have publicly
disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company regarding the exercise of the 2023 Warrant. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release and/or filing of such
Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement with respect to the exercise of the 2023 Warrant, whether written or
oral, between the Company and you shall terminate. 

This letter agreement, and any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
letter agreement, shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

In the event that any part of this letter agreement
is declared by any court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void or unenforceable, said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all of the other provisions of this letter agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. In such an event, you and the Company shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to modify this letter agreement so as to affect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible. 

This letter agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other parties. Each of the
undersigned parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this letter agreement may be executed by electronic signature, which shall have the same legal force and effect as a handwritten signature. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Inducement Letter Signature Page] 

Accepted and Agreed to: 

Name of Holder: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

DTC Instructions for Delivery of Shares 

Number of shares: 

DTC number: 

Account name: 

Account number: 

Exhibit A 

Form of Warrant Amendment 

AMENDMENT TO 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

This AMENDMENT TO WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (this Amendment) is entered into as of April __, 2025. 

WHEREAS, the Holder (as defined in the Letter Agreement defined below) is a holder of a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued on
November 2, 2023 (the Warrant) to purchase shares of common stock of Rein Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Aileron Therapeutics, Inc (the Company), par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock);

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holder entered into a letter agreement providing for a reduction in Exercise Price of the Warrant
under the terms and subject to the conditions therein (the Letter Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, the Letter
Agreement, as agreed to by the Company and the Holder, provides for this Amendment; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged: 

1. Amendment
to Exercise Price. From the time of execution of the Letter Agreement by the Company and the Holder and until 4:00 p.m. on April 24, 2025, the Exercise Price as defined in Section 1(b) of the Warrant shall mean $1.60 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided therein. 

2. Limited Effect. Except as expressly provided hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the
Warrant are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. To the extent any term or provision of this Amendment may be deemed expressly inconsistent with any term of provision in the Warrant, the terms and
provisions of this Amendment shall control. On and after the date set forth above, each reference in the Warrant to this Warrant, the Warrant, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import,
and each reference to the Warrant in any other agreements, documents or instruments will mean and be a reference to the Warrant as amended by this Amendment. 

[Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

COMPANY

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit B 

Exercise Notice 

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

Rein Therapeutics, Inc. 

The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant
Shares) of Rein Therapeutics, Inc., a company organized under the laws of Delaware (the Company), evidenced by the attached Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that
payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as a Cash Exercise with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares. 

2. Payment of
Exercise Price. The holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant on or before April 24, 2025. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to the holder __________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Date: _______________, ______ 

Name of
Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d934084dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

12407 N. Mopac Expy., Suite 250, #390 

Austin, Texas 78758 

April
, 2025 

To the Holder of 2023 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock 

Re: 

Inducement Offer to Exchange 2023 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock

Dear Holder: 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. (formerly
Aileron Therapeutics, Inc.) (the Company) is pleased to offer to you the opportunity to receive pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of the
Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) with an exercise price of $0.001 per share (Pre-Funded Warrants) in exchange for the surrender
by you for cancellation of the warrant to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), issued to you on November 2, 2023 (as amended, the 2023
Warrant), and the payment to the Company of $ in cash (the Cash Payment) on or before April , 2025. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the 2023
Warrant. 

You agree that you will deliver the Cash Payment and surrender the 2023 Warrant held by you on or before April ,
2025. Within two business days following the satisfaction of your obligations set forth herein, the Company shall (a) deliver to you a Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock,
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto, in the name set forth on your signature page hereto, (b) at your direction, deliver to the lenders listed on Schedule 1 hereto Pre-Funded Warrants
to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock listed on Schedule 1 hereto in the names set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, and (c) instruct Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Companys transfer agent, to reserve the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

The Warrant Exchange
shall be consummated pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). You understand the Pre-Funded Warrants and the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof are not, and will not be, registered for resale under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially
similar to the following: 

THESE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE BUT HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT
BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL
NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION. 

You acknowledge and the Company agrees that on or before 9:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on the
business day following the execution of this letter agreement, the Company shall issue a press release and/or file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission disclosing all material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereunder, including this letter agreement as an exhibit thereto. From and after the issuance of such press release or filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, as applicable, the
Company represents to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company regarding the Warrant Exchange. In addition, effective upon the issuance of
such press release and/or filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement with respect to the Warrant
Exchange, whether written or oral, between the Company and you shall terminate. 

In connection with the Warrant Exchange, the Company
represents and warrants to you as follows: 

(a) 

The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority and power to enter into this letter agreement and
to consummate the Warrant Exchange and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) 

Assuming the accuracy of your representations and warranties set forth below, no registration under the
Securities Act is required for the issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrants by the Company to you as contemplated by this letter agreement or the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

(c) 

Assuming the accuracy of your representations and warranties set forth below, neither the Company, nor any
person acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of securities or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act and require the registration of any such security under the Securities Act. 

(d) 

Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered the securities by any form of
general solicitation or advertising. The Company has offered the securities only to you and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

In connection with the Warrant Exchange, you represent and warrant to the Company as follows: 

(a) 

You have the requisite power and authority to enter into this letter agreement and consummate the Warrant
Exchange and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) 

You are the record and beneficial owner of, and have valid and marketable title to, the 2023 Warrant being
exchanged by you pursuant to this letter agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance (other than restrictions arising pursuant to applicable securities laws), and have the absolute and unrestricted right, power
and capacity to surrender and exchange the 2023 Warrant being exchanged by you pursuant to this letter agreement, free and clear of any lien, pledge, restriction or other encumbrance. You are not a party to or bound by, and the 2023 Warrant being
exchanged by you pursuant to this letter agreement is not subject to, any agreement, understanding or other arrangement (i) granting any options, warrant or right of first refusal with respect to such warrant to any person,
(ii) restricting its right to surrender and exchange such 2023 Warrant as contemplated by this letter agreement, or (iii) restricting any other of its rights with respect to such 2023 Warrant. 

(c) 

You understand that the Pre-Funded Warrants are, and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof, are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. You are acquiring the Pre-Funded
Warrants and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof (collectively, the 2025 Securities) as principal for your own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such securities or any part
thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, have no present intention of distributing any of the 2025 Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and have no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the 2025 Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting
your right to sell the securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). You are acquiring the 2025 Securities in the ordinary course of your business. 

(d) 

You are acquiring the 2025 Securities for own account, not as nominee or agent, for the purpose of investment
and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and you have no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities
Act. 

(e) 

At the time you were offered the securities, you were, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on
which you exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants, you will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) the Securities Act. 

(f) 

You, either alone or together with your representatives, have such knowledge, sophistication and experience in
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the securities, and have so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. You are able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the securities and, at the present time, are able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(g) 

You have had an opportunity to receive, review and understand all information related to the Company requested
by it and to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities, and have conducted and completed your own independent due diligence.

(h) 

You are not, to your knowledge, purchasing the securities as a result of any general solicitation or general
advertisement. 

This letter agreement, and any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this letter agreement,
shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

In the event that any part of this letter agreement is declared by
any court or other judicial or administrative body to be null, void or unenforceable, said provision shall survive to the extent it is not so declared, and all of the other provisions of this letter agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
In such an event, you and the Company shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to modify this letter agreement so as to affect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible. 

This letter agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken
together, shall constitute but one instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other parties. Each of the undersigned parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this
letter agreement may be executed by electronic signature, which shall have the same legal force and effect as a handwritten signature. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Inducement Letter Signature Page] 

Accepted and Agreed to: 

Name of Holder: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

[Signature Page to Pre-Funded Warrant] 

Exhibit A 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

[Inducement Letter Signature Page] 

SCHEDULE 1 

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Warrant] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

(1) 

The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued by Rein Therapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

(2) 

The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) 

The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) 

If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $____ in immediately available funds
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

(5) 

Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in
accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

(6) 

By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving
effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be
owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates. 

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant) 

[Warrant Amendment Signature Page] 

SCHEDULE 1 

LIST OF FULLY-PAID WARRANTS
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d934084dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

PRE-FUNDED WARRANT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

This Pre-Funded Warrant Subscription Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of
April 21, 2025 by and between Rein Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Bios 2024 Co-Invest, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the
Purchaser). 

WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement for the sale and issuance of pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Pre-Funded
Warrants). 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Sale and Issuance of Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company shall
issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 312,695 shares of Common
Stock, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, at a purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant of $1.599, for an aggregate purchase price of $499,999.31 (the Purchase Price). The
Purchase Price for the Pre-Funded Warrants shall be paid by the Purchaser by wire transfer of immediately available funds or such other method as may be acceptable to the Company on or prior to April 24,
2025. Upon receipt by the Company of the Purchase Price, the Company shall issue to the Purchaser the Pre-Funded Warrants, in the name of the Purchaser, exercisable for the number of shares of Common Stock set
forth above. 

2. Companys Representations and Warranties. 

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser as of the date hereof that: 

(a) 

The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority and power to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) 

Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3, no
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) is required for the issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrants by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated by this
Agreement or the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

(c) 

Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3,
neither the Company, nor any person acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of securities or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act and require the registration of any such security under the Securities Act. 

(d) 

Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered the Pre-Funded Warrants by any form of general solicitation or advertising. The Company has offered the Pre-Funded Warrants only to the Purchaser and certain other
accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

1 

3. Purchasers Representations and Warranties. 

The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company as of the date hereof that: 

(a) 

The Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) 

The Purchaser understands that the Pre-Funded Warrants and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. The Purchaser is acquiring the
Pre-Funded Warrants and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof (the Securities) as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of the Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law
and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and
warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c) 

The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for its own account, not as nominee or agent, for the purpose of
investment and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in
violation of the Securities Act. 

(d) 

At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date
on which it exercises the Pre-Funded Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) the Securities Act. 

(e) 

The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(f) 

The Purchaser has had an opportunity to receive, review and understand all information related to the Company
requested by it and to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities, and has conducted and completed its own independent due diligence.

2 

(g) 

The Purchaser is not, to its knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any general solicitation or
general advertisement. 

(h) 

The Purchaser understands the Pre-Funded Warrants and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are not, and will not be, registered for resale under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend
substantially similar to the following: 

THESE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF
THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE BUT HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS
RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE
OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION. 

4. Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Purchaser agree that, in connection with and on the same day as the execution of this Agreement, they shall execute a Registration Rights Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B. 

5. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

(b) Modification. This Agreement shall not be modified or waived except by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any such modification or waiver is sought. 

3 

(c) Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Company and the Purchaser and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns. 

(d)
Notice. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing (including electronic mail as permitted in this Agreement) and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or
(i) personal delivery to the party to be notified; (ii) when sent, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day;
(iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (iv) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying
next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Purchaser at its address as set forth on the signature pages, or to such e-mail address or address as
subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 5(d). If notice is given to the Company, a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) shall also be sent to Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and
Dorr LLP, 60 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, Attn.: Stuart M. Falber. 

(e) Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
the Exhibit hereto) constitutes the full and entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 

(f) Survival of Warranties. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the Company and the
Purchaser contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the
Purchaser or the Company. 

(g) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument executed by the
Company and the Purchaser. 

(h) Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

(i) Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal law of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 

4 

(j) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

COMPANY:

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Windsor

Name: Brian Windsor

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Address: [***]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

PURCHASER:

BIOS 2024 CO-INVEST, LP

By: 

/s/ Aaron Fletcher

Name: Aaron Glenn Louis Fletcher

Title:Managing Partner

Address:[***]

Exhibit A 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

Exhibit B 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d934084dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of April 21, 2025, by and among Rein Therapeutics,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Bios 2024 Co-Invest, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (including its successors and assigns, Purchaser). 

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Pre-Funded Warrant Subscription Agreement, dated as of
April 21, 2024, between the Company and Purchaser (the Subscription Agreement). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser agree as follows: 

1.DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Subscription Agreement shall have the meanings
given such terms in the Subscription Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or
is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Beneficial Ownership Threshold means, with respect to the Purchaser (individually or together with any other person with
whom Purchaser has identified, or will have identified, itself as part of a group in a public filing made with the Commission involving the Companys securities), the acquisition of or the obtaining of the right to acquire,
beneficial ownership of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company in an amount in excess of 9.99%. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Delaware Courts means in the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware; provided, that if jurisdiction is not then available in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, then any such legal action or proceeding may be brought in any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any other
Delaware state court. 

1 

Effectiveness Deadline means, with respect to the Initial Registration
Statement or the New Registration Statement, the 30th calendar day following the Filing Deadline (or, in the event the Commission reviews and has comments to the Initial Registration Statement or the New Registration Statement, the 60th calendar day
following the Filing Deadline); provided, however, that if the Company is notified by the Commission that the Initial Registration Statement or the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further
review and comments, the Effectiveness Deadline as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above; provided,
further, that if the Effectiveness Deadline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or other day that the Commission is closed for business, the Effectiveness Deadline shall be extended to the next Business Day on which the Commission is open for
business. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Filing Deadline means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed
pursuant to Section 2(a), the 90th calendar day following the date on which Purchaser informs the Company that Purchaser has first exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Threshold, provided, however, that if the
Filing Deadline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or other day that the Commission is closed for business, the Filing Deadline shall be extended to the next Business Day on which the Commission is open for business. 

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable
Securities. 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Principal Trading Market means the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading,
which, as of the date hereof, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit,
investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Pro Rata Interest means the number of Registrable Securities beneficially held by any given Holder, relative to the total
number of Registrable Securities that are the subject of this Agreement. 

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a
Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430B promulgated under the Securities
Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 

2 

Registrable Securities means all of (i) the Warrant Shares and
(ii) any securities issued or issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing, provided, that the Holder has completed and delivered to the Company a Selling
Shareholder Questionnaire; and provided, further, that with respect to a particular Holder, such Holders Warrant Shares shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of the following: (A) a sale
pursuant to a Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (in which case, only such security or securities sold by the Holder shall cease to be Registrable Securities) or (B) becoming eligible for resale by the Holder under Rule
144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required thereunder and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions. 

Registration Statements means any one or more registration statements of the Company filed under the
Securities Act that covers the resale of any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation the Initial Registration Statement, the New Registration Statement and any Remainder Registration
Statements), amendments and supplements to such Registration Statements, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Registration Statements. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time
to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance, comments, requirements or requests of the
Commission staff; provided, that any such oral guidance, comments, requirements or requests are reduced to writing by the Commission and (ii) the Securities Act. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Selling Shareholder Questionnaire means a questionnaire in a form substantially similar to that form attached as
Exhibit B to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2023, between the Company and the several purchasers signatory thereto, or such other form of questionnaire as may reasonably be adopted
by the Company from time to time. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for
trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

3 

Warrant means a pre-funded
warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock, having a purchase price per Warrant Share of $1.599. 

Warrant Share means a
share of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to a Warrant. 

2. REGISTRATION. 

(a) On or prior to the Filing Deadline, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of
all of the Registrable Securities not then registered on an existing and effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 or, if Rule 415 is not available for offers and sales of the Registrable
Securities, by such other means of distribution of Registrable Securities as the Holders may reasonably specify (the Initial Registration Statement). The Initial Registration Statement shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is then ineligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on such other form
available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering) subject to the provisions of Section 2(d). Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in this
Section 2, in the event the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly (i) inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission and/or (ii) withdraw the
Initial Registration Statement and file a new registration statement (a New Registration Statement), in either case covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or, if the Company is ineligible to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a
secondary offering; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment or New Registration Statement, the Company shall be obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of
all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, the Securities Act Rules Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations Question 612.09. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation of the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the
Commission for the registration of all or a greater number of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration
Statement will first be reduced by Registrable Securities not acquired pursuant to the Subscription Agreement (whether pursuant to registration rights or otherwise) and second by Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the
case that some Warrant Shares may be registered, to the Holders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Interests, subject to a determination by the Commission that certain Holders must be reduced first based on the number of Warrant Shares
held by such Holders). In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, under clauses (i) or (ii) above, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other
form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended, or the New Registration Statement (the Remainder Registration Statements).
No Holder shall be named as an underwriter in any Registration Statement without such Holders prior written consent. 

4 

(b) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Registration
Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as soon as practicable and, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement or the New Registration Statement, as applicable, no later than the Effectiveness Deadline (including filing with the
Commission a request for acceleration of effectiveness in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the Securities Act), and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep each Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities
Act until the earliest of: (i) such time as all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold by the Holders or (ii) the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement may
be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public
information requirement under Rule 144 (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall promptly notify the Holders of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto. The Company shall file a
final Prospectus with the Commission, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) and shall, if requested, provide the Holders with copies of the final Prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of
the securities covered thereby. The Company shall promptly inform each Holder in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holder is
required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities. 

(c) Each Holder agrees to furnish to the
Company a completed Selling Shareholder Questionnaire not more than five Trading Days following the date that Purchaser first exceeds the Beneficial Ownership Threshold. Each Holder further agrees that it shall not be entitled to be named as a
selling securityholder in the Registration Statement or use the Prospectus for offers and resales of Registrable Securities at any time, unless such Holder has returned to the Company a completed and signed Selling Shareholder Questionnaire and any
further information reasonably requested by the Company. Each Holder acknowledges and agrees that the information in the Selling Shareholder Questionnaire or request for further information as described in this Section 2(c)
will be used by the Company in the preparation of the Registration Statement and hereby consents to the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement. 

(d) In the event that Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable
Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form reasonably acceptable to the Holders and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 promptly after such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission. 

3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall: 

5 

(a) Not less than five Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and
not less than one Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and any similar or successor reports), (i) furnish to each Holder copies of such Registration Statement, Prospectus or amendment or
supplement thereto, as proposed to be filed, which documents will be subject to the review of such Holder (it being acknowledged and agreed that if a Holder does not object to or comment on the aforementioned documents within such five Trading Day
or one Trading Day period, as the case may be, then the Holder shall be deemed to have consented to and approved the use of such documents) and (ii) to the extent that such Holder is identified in the Registration Statement as an
underwriter (as defined under the Securities Act) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the
reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which a
Holder reasonably objects in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing within the five Trading Day or one Trading Day period described above, as applicable. 

(b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements, to each Registration
Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for its Effectiveness Period; (ii) cause the related Prospectus
to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any
comments received from the Commission with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and, as promptly as reasonably possible, provide the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission
relating to such Registration Statement that pertains to the Holders as Selling Stockholders but not any comments that would result in the disclosure to the Holders of material and non-public
information concerning the Company; and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement until such time as all of such
Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of (subject to the terms of this Agreement) in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented; provided, however, that each Holder shall be responsible for the delivery of the Prospectus to the Persons to whom such Holder sells any of the Registrable Securities (including in accordance with Rule 172 under the
Securities Act), and each Holder agrees to dispose of Registrable Securities in compliance with the Plan of Distribution described in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall have incorporated such report
by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the Commission on the same day on which the Exchange Act report which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement such
Registration Statement was filed. 

6 

(c) Notify the Holders (which notice shall (x) pursuant to clauses (iii) through
(vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made and (y) in no event contain any material, nonpublic information relating to the Company and/or any of its
subsidiaries) as promptly as reasonably practicable (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one Trading Day following
the day: (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such
Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on any Registration Statement (in which case the Company shall provide to each of the Holders true and complete copies of all comments that pertain to the Holders as a
Selling Stockholder or to the Plan of Distribution and all written responses thereto, but not information that the Company believes would constitute material and non-public
information); and (C) with respect to each Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other Federal or state governmental authority for
amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information that pertains to the Holders as Selling Stockholders or the Plan of Distribution; (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) of the
receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for
such purpose; (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein or any
statement made in such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or
other documents so that, in the case of such Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus, form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate
development with respect to the Company that the Company reasonably believes may be material and that, in the reasonable determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration
Statement or Prospectus; provided that, any and all such information shall remain confidential to each Holder until such information otherwise becomes public, unless disclosure by a Holder is required by law; and provided,
further, that notwithstanding each Holders agreement to keep such information confidential, each such Holder makes no acknowledgement that any such information is material, non-public information.

(d) Use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, as soon as practicable. 

7 

(e) To the extent applicable, prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use
its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale
by the Holder under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the
Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement; provided, that the Company shall not be
required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in
any such jurisdiction. 

(f) Cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or book entry
statements, as applicable, representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to the Registration Statement, which certificates or statements shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Subscription Agreement and under
law, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holders may reasonably request. 

(g) Following the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(c), as promptly as reasonably practicable
(taking into account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its shareholders of the premature disclosure of such event), prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, if
applicable, to the affected Registration Statements or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, no
Registration Statement nor any Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus, form of
prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(c) above to
suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus
may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(g) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus. 

(h) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to (i) the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and any Affiliate thereof, (ii) any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) affiliations, (iii) any natural persons who have the power to vote or dispose of the Common
Stock and (iv) any other information as may be requested by the Commission, FINRA or any state securities commission. 

8 

(i) The Company shall cooperate with any registered broker through which a Holder proposes
to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by any such Holder, and following such filing the Company shall pay the filing fee required for the first such filing within two Business
Days of the request therefor. 

4.REGISTRATION EXPENSESAll fees and expenses incident to the Companys performance of or compliance
with its obligations under this Agreement (excluding any underwriting discounts and selling commissions and all legal fees and expenses of legal counsel for any Holder) shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold
pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to
filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed for trading, (B) with respect to compliance with applicable state securities or blue sky laws (including, without limitation, fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with blue sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities and determination of the eligibility of the Registrable Securities for investment under the laws of such
jurisdictions as requested by the Holders) and (C) if not previously paid by the Company in connection with Section 3(i) above, with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a
Holder intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with FINRA pursuant to the FINRA Rule 5110, so long as the broker is receiving no more than a customary brokerage commission in connection with such sale), (ii) printing expenses (including,
without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is reasonably requested by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities included in the
Registration Statement), and (iii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of
the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any underwriting, broker or similar fees or commissions incurred in connection with an offering, such expenses to be borne
by the Holders in pro-rata proportion to the respective amount of Registrable Securities each Holder is selling in such offering, or, except to the extent provided for in the Subscription Agreement, any legal
fees or other costs of the Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse the Holders of a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities for the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of their designated legal counsel
incurred in connection with the review of any Registration Statement in an amount not to exceed $30,000. 

5. INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify, defend and hold
harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, agents, partners, members, managers, stockholders, Affiliates and employees of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, partners, members, managers, stockholders, agents and employees of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable costs of preparation and investigation and reasonable 

9 

attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, that arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or (ii) any
violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent,
but only to the extent, that (A) such untrue statements, alleged untrue statements, omissions or alleged omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use
therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto, (B) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(c)(iii)-(vi), related to the use
by a Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated and defined in
Section 6(c) below, to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected or (C) to the extent that any such Losses arise out of the
Holders (or any other indemnified Persons) failure to send or give a copy of the Prospectus or supplement (as then amended or supplemented), if required, pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule) to the
Persons asserting an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities to such Person if such statement or omission
was corrected in such Prospectus or supplement. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the
Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party (as defined in Section 5(c)) and shall survive the transfer of the
Registrable Securities by the Holders. 

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents
or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, arising out of or are based solely upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent that such untrue
statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, (ii) to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders
proposed method of distribution of 

10 

Registrable Securities and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or
supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(c)(iii)-(vi), to the extent related to the use by such Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after
the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). In no event shall the liability of any selling
Holder hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that the failure of
any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
(which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed
promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest exists if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which
case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such
counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party); provided, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all Indemnified Parties. The
Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims
that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 

11 

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party
(including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section 5) shall be paid to the Indemnified
Party, as incurred, within twenty Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party; provided, that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to
such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally judicially determined to not be entitled to indemnification hereunder. The failure to deliver written notice to the Indemnifying Party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such
action shall not relieve such Indemnifying Party of any liability to the Indemnified Party under this Section 5, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is substantively and adversely prejudiced in its ability to
defend such action. 

(d) Contribution. If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b)
is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such
Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any
reasonable attorneys or other reasonable fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this
Section 5 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 

The parties hereto agree that it would not
be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the
immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), (A) no Holder shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually
received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission and (B) no contribution will be made under circumstances where the maker of such contribution would not have been required to indemnify the Indemnified Party under the fault standards set forth in this
Section 5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. 

The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 are in addition to any
liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties and are not in diminution or limitation of the indemnification provisions under the Subscription Agreement, if any. 

12 

6. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each
Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to seek specific performance of its rights under this
Agreement. The Company and each Holder agree that monetary damages may not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of
any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(b)
Compliance. Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement and shall sell the Registrable Securities only in accordance with a method of distribution described in the Registration Statement. 

(c) Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the
Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(c)(iii)-(vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement (but not, for
the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to Rule 144 to the extent then available) until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be
resumed. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. 

(d) No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, on or after the date hereof, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the
provisions hereof. 

(e) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may
not be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and Holders holding no less than a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities, provided that any party may give a waiver
as to itself. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other
Holders may be given by Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance
with the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence. 

(f) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Subscription Agreement. 

13 

(g) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their
respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. The Company may not assign its rights (except by merger or in connection with
another entity acquiring all or substantially all of the Companys assets) or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign its respective
rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under the Subscription Agreement; provided in each case that (i) the Holder agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign such rights and related obligations under
this Agreement, and for the transferee or assignee to assume such obligations, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment, (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such
transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee or assignee and the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned, (iii) at or before the time the
Company received the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence, the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein and (iv) the transferee or assignee is an
accredited investor, as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

(h) Execution and Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have
been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a
.pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature were the
original thereof. 

(i) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the
interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the Delaware Courts. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such Delaware Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in
effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

14 

(j) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not
exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

(k) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be
affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their good faith reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

(l) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not limit
or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

COMPANY:

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Windsor

Name: Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

PURCHASER:

BIOS 2024 CO-INVEST, LP

By: 

/s/ Aaron Fletcher

Name: Aaron Glenn Louis Fletcher

Title:Managing Partner
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rntx-20250421.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rntx-20250421_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rntx-20250421_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38130

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-4196017

Entity Address Address Line 1 12407 N. Mopac Expy.

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 250, #390

Entity Address City Or Town Austin

Entity Address State Or Province TX

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 78758

City Area Code 737

Local Phone Number 802-1989

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol RNTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001420565

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.aileronrx.com//20250421/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d934084d8k.htm 
rntx-20250421.xsd 
rntx-20250421_lab.xml 
rntx-20250421_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-087955-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d934084d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001420565 

2025-04-21 
2025-04-21 

NASDAQ 
0001420565 
false 
8-K 
2025-04-21 
REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-38130 
13-4196017 
12407 N. Mopac Expy. 
Suite 250, #390 
Austin 
TX 
78758 
737 
802-1989 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
RNTX 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>