<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032193.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032193.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415171508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Janover Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LOAN BROKERS [6163]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				832676794
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41748
		FILM NUMBER:		25840532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5615594111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Janover Ventures LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238319-8k_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180552600018055262025-04-092025-04-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 9, 2025

JANOVER INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41748 83-2676794

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File
Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

6401 Congress Avenue, Suite 250

Boca Raton, Florida 33487

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(561) 559-4111

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share JNVR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment of Joseph Onorati as Chief Executive
Officer

As disclosed earlier in our
prior filed current report on Form 8-K dated April 7, 2025, effective April 4, 2025, Joseph Onorati was appointed as the Chief Executive
Officer of Janover Inc. (the Company). In connection with his appointment, Mr. Onorati entered into an employment
agreement with the Company on April 15, 2025 (the Onorati Employment Agreement). Mr. Onorati succeeds Blake Janover,
who previously served as Chief Executive Officer.

The material terms of the
Onorati Employment Agreement were approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors on April 9, 2025. Pursuant to the
agreement, Mr. Onorati will receive an annual base salary of $574,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance-based cash bonus
with a target amount equal to 65% of his base salary. Mr. Onorati is also eligible to receive equity awards as determined from time to
time by the Compensation Committee of the Board.

The Onorati Employment Agreement
provides that, in the event Mr. Onoratis employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Onorati for good reason
(each as defined in the agreement), in addition to Final Compensation, he will be entitled to receive payment of any earned but unpaid
bonus for the prior calendar year, if the termination occurs after the end of such year but before the bonus is paid. If Mr. Onoratis
employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Onorati for good reason within six months following a change in control
(as defined in the agreement), he will be entitled to a lump sum payment equal to two times his base salary, full acceleration of all
unvested equity awards, and continued health insurance coverage for 12 months.

There are no family relationships
between Mr. Onorati and any director or executive officer of the Company that require disclosure under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K.
Other than with respect to the Onorati Employment Agreement, there are no transactions between Mr. Onorati or any member of his immediate
family and the Company or any of its subsidiaries that require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no arrangements
or understandings between Mr. Onorati and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as Chief Executive Officer.

Appointment of Parker White as Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Investment Officer

Additionally, effective April
4, 2025, Parker White was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the Company. In connection with his
appointment, Mr. White entered into an employment agreement with the Company on April 15, 2025 (the White Employment Agreement).

The material terms of the
White Employment Agreement were approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors on April 9, 2025. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. White will receive an annual base salary of $443,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance-based cash bonus with a target
amount equal to 65% of his base salary. Mr. White is also eligible to receive equity awards as determined from time to time by the Compensation
Committee of the Board.

The White Employment Agreement
provides that, in the event Mr. Whites employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. White for good reason (each
as defined in the agreement), in addition to Final Compensation, he will be entitled to receive payment of any earned but unpaid bonus
for the prior calendar year, if the termination occurs after the end of such year but before the bonus is paid. If Mr. Whites employment
is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. White for good reason within six months following a change in control (as defined
in the agreement), he will be entitled to a lump sum payment equal to two times his base salary, full acceleration of all unvested equity
awards, and continued health insurance coverage for 12 months.

There are no family relationships
between Mr. White and any director or executive officer of the Company that require disclosure under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Other
than with respect to the White Employment Agreement, there are no transactions between Mr. White or any member of his immediate family
and the Company or any of its subsidiaries that require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no arrangements or understandings
between Mr. White and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer.

The foregoing description
of the Onorati Employment Agreement and White Employment Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the
agreements, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1, and Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 7.01 Regulation FD
Disclosure.

Treasury Strategy Dashboard

The Company maintains a dashboard
on its website (https://janover.co/) as a disclosure channel for providing broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information regarding
the Company to the public, including information regarding market prices of its outstanding securities, solana purchases and holdings,
certain KPI metrics and other supplemental information, and as one means of disclosing non-public information in compliance with its disclosure
obligations under Regulation FD. Investors and others are encouraged to regularly review the information that the Company makes public
via the website dashboard.

Total Shares Outstanding

The Company disclosed on
its website that, as of the date hereof, the Company has 1,466,549 total shares outstanding.

Furnished Information

The information disclosed
pursuant to Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor
shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as
expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and Joseph Onorati

10.2 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and Parker White

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 15, 2025 JANOVER INC.

By: /s/ Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chairman & CEO

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023831901ex10-1_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AS OF APRIL 15, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND JOSEPH ONORATI
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement, dated as of April 15,
2025 (this Agreement), is made and entered into by and between Janover Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Joseph Onorati (the Executive and together with the Company, the Parties
and individually a Party). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
set forth in Section 11.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Executive Officer and Executive wishes
to be employed by Company as its Chief Executive Officer.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, terms, provisions, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the adequacy
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, Company hereby offers, and Executive hereby accepts employment with Company, as of April 4, 2025 (the Effective
Date).

2. Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall
be effective as of the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until it is terminated in accordance with Sections 5 and 6 below (the
Term).

3. Capacity and Performance.

(a) During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by Company
on a full-time basis as its Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities as directed by the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board), consistent with Executives position on behalf of Company.

(b) Executive shall devote his full business time, attention,
skill, and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation
during the Term, including, without limitation, any activity that: (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or any other
member of the Company Group, (y) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of Executives duties for the Company,
or (z) interferes with Executives exercise of judgment in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall preclude Executive from: (i) serving, with the prior written consent of the Board, as a member of the
Board of Directors or Advisory Board (or the equivalent in the case of a non-corporate entity) of a noncompeting for-profit
business and one or more charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing
Executives personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii),
and (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance
of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(c) Executives employment with Company shall be exclusive with respect to the business of Company.
Accordingly, during the Term, Executive shall devote Executives full business time and Executives best efforts, business
judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of the business and interests of Company and the discharge of Executives duties
and responsibilities hereunder, except for permitted vacation (and other paid time off) periods, reasonable periods of illness
or incapacity, and reasonable and customary time spent on civic, charitable and religious activities, in each case such activities shall
not interfere in any material respect with Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) During the Term, the Executive will report directly to the Board.

(e) The Board has appointed Executive as the Chief Executive Officer on April 4, 2025.

4. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. For services performed by Executive under this Agreement, Company shall pay Executive
an annual base salary of $574,000, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, payable at the same times as salaries are payable to
other executives of Company (the Base Salary). During the Term, the Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation
Committee and/or the Board each year, and the Board may, from time to time, increase or decrease such Base Salary and any reference to
Base Salary herein shall refer to such Base Salary, as increased.

(b) Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year of the Company during the Term, the Company shall afford Executive
the opportunity to earn an incentive bonus (Bonus) as described in this Section 4(b). The aggregate
target Bonus payable to Executive under such program(s) shall be 65% of the Base Salary or any other amount set by the Compensation
Committee of the Board in its discretion, and shall be payable to the extent the applicable performance goals are achieved (which
goals and payment matrices shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion). The amount of the Bonus will be
determined by certification by the Board that the applicable goals have been achieved, and the Board shall promptly provide such certification
following the achievement of the applicable goals.

(c) Equity Awards. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive equity awards (the
Equity Awards) either now or in the future, on terms and conditions similar to those applicable to other executive
officers of the Company generally, inside or outside of any established equity plan. The amount and terms of the Equity Awards awarded
to the Executive shall be set by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. The Equity Awards will be evidenced by a restricted stock
unit award agreement, a stock option agreement, or any other form of equity award agreement under the Companys Equity Incentive
Plan (the Equity Plan), and will be subject to the terms and conditions of such agreements and the Equity Plan.

(d) Change in Control. To the extent not already vested, the Equity Awards granted to Executive will
fully vest upon (i) a Change of Control Severance Event (as defined below) or (ii) a Change in Control followed by a change in job title
or position.

(e) Other Executive Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
executive benefit plans, including health and 401(k) plans, from time to time generally in effect for Companys executives (collectively,
Benefit Plans). Such participation and receipt of benefits under any such Benefit Plans shall be on the same terms (including
cost-sharing between Company and Executive) as are applicable to other Company executives and shall be subject to the terms of the
applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies. The Company may alter, modify, add to or delete the Benefit Plans
in a manner nondiscriminatory to Executive at any time in accordance with applicable plan rules.

(f) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to an annual vacation of 20 days plus ten established
holiday days per full calendar year of his employment with the Company hereunder. Any unused vacation in one accrued calendar year may
not be carried over to any subsequent calendar year.

(g) Business and Travel Expenses. Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable, customary
and necessary business expenses (including travel, lodging, networking, and entertainment expenses) which are correctly documented
and incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder, subject to the rules,
regulations, and procedures of Company and in effect from time to time.

5. Termination of Employment; Severance Benefits. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 2, the Executives employment hereunder shall terminate under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. If Executives dies during the Term, Executives employment hereunder shall
immediately and automatically terminate. In such event, Company shall pay to Executives designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary
has been selected by Executive, to Executives estate, the Final Compensation. Company shall have no further obligation hereunder
to Executive, Executives beneficiary, or Executives estate upon the termination of Executives employment under this
Section 5(a) including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

2

(b) Disability.

(i) Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder
due to Executives Disability during the Term by giving Executive thirty (30) days written notice of its intent to terminate,
but in no event shall such termination be effective prior to the expiration of the time periods in the definition of Disability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company will, after engaging in an interactive process with Executive to discern whether reasonable accommodation(s)
can be provided without undue hardship upon Company, offer Executive reasonable accommodation(s) to enable Executive to perform the essential
functions of Executives position to the extent required by applicable law (if any) before terminating Executives employment
hereunder. Executive may decline such reasonable accommodation, in which case Executives employment hereunder will terminate as
provided in this subsection.

(ii) In the event of such termination for Disability, Executive will receive Executives Final Compensation.
Company shall have no further obligation hereunder to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section
5(d), including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(iii) Subject to Executives rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA), Company may designate another Executive to act in Executives place during any period of Executives
Disability during which Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executives position with or without reasonable
accommodation. Notwithstanding any such designation, Executive shall continue to receive the Base Salary in accordance with Section
4(a) and coverage under the Benefit Plans in accordance with Section 4(b), to the extent permitted by the then-current terms
of the applicable benefit plans and as provided under the FMLA, if applicable, until the earliest to occur of: (A) the end of
the Term, (B) Executive becomes eligible for disability income benefits under Companys disability income plan, or (C) the
termination of Executives employment.

(iv) While receiving disability income payments under Companys disability income plan (if applicable),
Company will continue to pay to Executive Executives Base Salary under Section 4(a), but may offset any such disability
income payments Executive receives against the Base Salary payments. Executive will also continue to participate in the Benefit Plans
in accordance with Section 4(b) and the terms of such Benefit Plans, until the end of the Term or until the termination of
Executives employment, whichever occurs first.

(v) If any question arises as to whether during any period Executive has a Disability as defined herein, Executive
may, and at the request of Company shall, submit to a medical examination by a qualified, unbiased physician selected by Company and reasonably
acceptable to Executive or Executives duly appointed guardian, if any, to determine whether Executive has a Disability and such
determination shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.

(c) By Company for Cause. Company may terminate Executives
employment hereunder for Cause, as defined in Section 11(c), at any time upon notice to Executive setting forth in reasonable
detail the nature of such Cause. Upon the giving of notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, Executive
will receive Executives Final Compensation. Except as provided herein, Company will have no further obligation to Executive upon
termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(c). Any notice of termination of Executives employment
hereunder for Cause, or any notice to Executive regarding any event, condition or circumstance that, if not cured, if applicable, in
accordance with the above, could give rise to a termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, shall set forth in detail
the applicable event(s), condition(s) or circumstance(s) constituting reason(s) or potential reason(s) for such termination
hereunder.

(d) By Company Other than for Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason. Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder other than for Cause at any time upon thirty (30) days
written notice to Executive and Executive may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason at any time upon thirty (30) days
written notice to Company.

(i) In the event of a termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(d), in addition
to the Final Compensation, Executive shall receive payment of such Bonus as determined under Section 4(b) shall be at the time
proscribed by Section 4(b), if the date of termination occurs after the end of a calendar year but prior to the date on which a
Bonus is paid under Section 4(b).

3

(ii) Any obligation of Company to Executive under this Section 5(d) (other than for the Final Compensation
or for benefits required by law) is conditioned upon Executives execution and delivery to Company and the expiration of all
applicable statutory revocation periods of a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Executive
Release), provided, that the terms of such Executive Release shall be subject to modification to the extent necessary to comply
with: (a) the fact that Company is simultaneously terminating more than one executive as part of a group termination decision
or (b) changes in applicable law, if any, occurring after the date hereof, and prior to the date such Executive Release is executed.

(e) [intentionally omitted]

(f) Change in Control Severance. Except as otherwise set forth herein, if a Change in Control occurs,
and on, or at any time during the 6 months following, the Change in Control, (i) the Company terminates Executives employment for
any reason other than Cause or Disability, or (ii) Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason (a Chance
of Control Severance Event), Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits:

(i) The Company shall pay Executive, in a lump sum within 60 days following termination of Executives
employment, severance equal to two times the sum of Executives Base Salary.

(ii) Executive also shall be entitled to receive any and all vested benefits accrued under any other incentive
plans to the date of termination of employment, the amount, entitlement to, form, and time of payment of such benefits to be determined
by the terms of such incentive plans. For purposes of calculating Executives benefits under the incentive plans, Executives
employment shall be deemed to have terminated under circumstances that have the most favorable result for Executive under the applicable
incentive plan.

(iii) If, upon the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive holds any awards with respect
to securities of the Company, (i) all such awards that are restricted stock units/options shall immediately become vested and exercisable
upon such date and shall be exercisable thereafter until expiration of the full term of the restricted stock units/options; (ii) all restrictions
on any such awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall terminate or lapse, and all such awards of restricted
stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall be vested and payable; and (iii) all performance goals applicable to any such performance-based
awards that are in cycle (i.e., the performance period is not yet complete) shall be deemed satisfied at the target
level (assuming 100% payout), and (iv) all such awards shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. The
provisions of this subsection shall be subject (and defer) to the provisions of any incentive plan, award agreement or other agreement
as it relates to an individual award to the extent such provisions provide treatment that is more favorable to Executive than the treatment
described in this subsection and such more favorable provisions in such incentive plan, award agreement or other agreement shall supersede
any inconsistent or contrary provision of this subsection. All of Executives awards with respect to securities of the Company that
are outstanding upon the date of termination of Executives employment shall continue to be subject to, and enjoy the benefits and
protections under, the terms of the incentive plan, the award agreement and any other plan, agreement, policy or other arrangement to
which such awards are subject as of the effective date of Executives participation, including any employment security agreement
or other written compensation arrangement (even if the remaining terms thereof are waived), without application of this subsection.

4

(iv) Executive and Executives spouse and other qualified beneficiaries shall be eligible for continued
coverage as follows:

(A) If the Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries are
enrolled under a group health plan as defined by COBRA, on the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may elect to continue such coverage under COBRA, except that the maximum coverage
period shall be extended to no less than the Severance Period (but no more than 1 year) for that Executive, unless, after electing COBRA,
the individual attains age 65 and becomes eligible for Medicare, in which case COBRA shall end for that individual. If Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries elect COBRA coverage, the Company shall pay a portion of the COBRA costs
for the Severance Period for that Executive (subject to any earlier termination of COBRA). The portion to be paid by the Company shall
equal the amount necessary so that the total of the COBRA costs paid by Executive is equal to the costs that would have been paid by Executive
for such coverage as an active employee immediately prior to termination of Executives employment or, if less, prior to the Change
in Control. The cost of COBRA coverage paid by the Company may be taxable income to the Executive and reported on Executives Internal
Revenue Service Form W-2. Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may continue coverage under
COBRA after the Severance Period for that Executive, provided they pay the full COBRA costs and COBRA otherwise remains available.

(B) The benefits and/or extended coverage provided under this subsection shall cease prior to the date such
benefits and/or extended coverage would otherwise end under subsection if and when Executive (A) obtains employment with another employer
during the Severance Period and becomes eligible for coverage under any substantially similar plan provided by his/her new employer or
(B) fails to pay the required active employee portion of the cost of coverage provided under this subsection in the time and manner specified
by the Company or its designee.

(v) Executive shall be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation in accordance with the Companys
policy in effect at the time of termination of Executives employment, in a lump sum within 60 days following such termination.
Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or other compensation attributable to vacation that would have been earned had
Executives employment continued during the Severance Period, and Executive waives any right to receive any such compensation.

(vi) Executive shall not be entitled to reimbursement for any other fringe benefits or perquisite payments
during the Severance Period, including but not limited to dues and expenses related to club memberships, automobile, cell phone, expenses
for professional services, executive physicals, and other similar perquisites.

6. Effect of Termination.

(a) Upon termination of Executives employment hereunder and subject to the provisions of Section
5 and Section 6(c), Companys entire obligation to Executive shall be payment of Final Compensation.

(b) In connection with the cessation of Executives service as Chief Executive Officer of Company for
any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Executive, Executive shall be
deemed to have resigned from any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other positions Executive holds with the Company
or any other member of the Company Group. Executive hereby agrees that no further action is required by Executive or any of the preceding
to make the transitions and resignations provided for in this paragraph effective, but Executive nonetheless agrees to execute any documentation
Company reasonably requests at the time to confirm it and to not reassume any such service or position without the written consent of
Company.

(c) Except as otherwise required by Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act or any similar federal
or state law, benefits shall continue or terminate pursuant to the terms of the applicable benefit plan or agreement, without regard to
any continuation of Base Salary or other payment to Executive following such date of termination.

(d) The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply to any termination of employment. Provisions of this
Agreement will survive any termination if so provided herein or if necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of other surviving
provisions, including, without limitation, the obligations of Executive under Section 7 through Section 9.

5

(e) Any termination of Executives employment with Company under this Agreement shall automatically
be deemed to be simultaneous resignation of all other positions and titles (including any director positions) that Executive
holds with Company and any Affiliate or subsidiary thereof. This Section 6(e) shall constitute a resignation notice for such purposes.

(f) Upon termination of the Executives employment or upon the Companys request at any other
time, the Executive will deliver to the Company all of the Companys property, equipment, and documents, together with all copies
thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Intellectual Property or Confidential Information and certify in writing
that the Executive has fully complied with the foregoing obligation. The Executive agrees that the Executive will not copy, delete, or
alter any Company computer equipment information before the Executive returns it to the Company. In addition, if the Executive has used
any personal computer, server, or email system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not
limited to, Confidential Information, the Executive agrees to provide the Company with a computer-usable copy of all such Confidential
Information and then permanently delete and expunge such Confidential Information from those systems; and the Executive agrees to provide
the Company access to the Executives system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed.

7. Confidential Information.

(a) Executive acknowledges that Company continually develops Confidential Information, that Executive may
develop Confidential Information for Company and that Executive may learn of Confidential Information during the course of employment
with Company. Executive will comply with the policies and procedures of Company for protecting Confidential Information and shall not
disclose to any Person or use, other than as required by applicable law, regulation or process or for the proper performance of Executives
duties and responsibilities to Company, any Confidential Information obtained by Executive incidental to Executives employment
or other association with Company. Executive understands that this restriction shall continue to apply after Executives employment
terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the contrary, nothing contained herein
shall prevent Executive from disclosing any Confidential Information required by law, subpoena, court order or other legal processes to
be disclosed; provided, that, Executive shall give prompt written notice to Company of such requirement, disclose no more information
than is so required and cooperate, at Companys cost and expense, with any attempt by Company to obtain a protective order or similar
treatment with respect to such information.

(c) Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive understands that:

(i) Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or
other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; and

(ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law,
Executive may disclose the employers trade secrets to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court
proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant
to court order.

8. Assignment of Rights to Intellectual Property. Executive shall promptly and fully disclose to Company
all Intellectual Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company. Executive hereby
assigns and agrees to assign to Company (or as otherwise directed by Company) Executives full right, title, and interest
in and to all such Intellectual Property. Executive agrees to execute any and all applications for domestic and foreign patents, copyrights
or other proprietary rights and to do such other acts (including without limitation the execution and delivery of instruments of
further assurance or confirmation) requested by Company (at Companys expense) to assign to Company the Intellectual
Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company and to permit Company to enforce
any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights to the Intellectual Property. Executive will not charge Company for time spent in
complying with these obligations. All copyrightable works that Executive creates developed for the benefit of Company in the course of
Executives employment by Company shall be considered work made for hire.

6

9. Restricted Activities. Executive agrees that the restrictions on Executives activities during
and after Executives employment set forth below are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other legitimate
interests of Company and its successors and assigns:

(a) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period following termination of employment,
Executive will not, without the prior written consent of Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as principal or investor or as an
Executive, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent, or otherwise, alone or in association with any other Person, firm,
corporation, or other business organization, engage or otherwise become involved in a Competing Business (as defined below) in
any country in which the Company conducted business during the Term; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 9 shall
apply solely to those activities of a Competing Business which are congruent with those activities with which Executive was personally
involved or for which Executive was responsible while employed by the Company or its subsidiaries during the twelve (12) month
period preceding termination of Executives employment. This Section 9 will not be violated, however, by Executives
investment of up to $500,000 in the aggregate in one or more publicly-traded companies that engage in a Competing Business. Competing
Business means a business or enterprise (other than Company or its subsidiaries) engaged in the commercial mortgage
brokerage, commercial mortgage marketplace, and any other business directly competing with the business of the Company as currently conducted
or otherwise conducted by the Company during the Term (the Restricted Activities). Restricted Period means
twenty-four (24) months.

(b) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period (as defined above), Executive
will not engage in any Wrongful Solicitation. A Wrongful Solicitation shall be deemed to occur when Executive
directly or indirectly (except in the course of Executives employment with Company), for the purpose of conducting or engaging
in a Competing Business, calls upon, solicits, advises or otherwise does, or attempts to do, business with any Person who is, or was,
during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or takes away or interferes or attempts
to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage or affairs of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or hires or attempts
to hire any Person who is, or was during the most recent 12-month period, an Executive, officer, representative or agent of Company or
any of its subsidiaries, or solicits, induces, or attempts to solicit or induce any Person who is an Executive, officer, representative
or agent of Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave the employ or agency of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or violate the
terms of their contract, or any employment consulting or agent agreement, with it.

(c) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive and Company consider the restrictions contained
in this Section 9 to be reasonable if a court makes a final judicial determination of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory
or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of this Agreement
shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as the
court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction
contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall
not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.

(d) Executive expressly understands that in the event of a violation of any period specified in this Section
9, such period shall be extended by a period of time equal to that period beginning with the commencement of any such violation and
ending when such violation shall have been finally terminated in good faith.

10. Enforcement of Covenants. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read and considered
all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed upon Executive pursuant to Sections 7, 8
and 9, and Executive agrees that these restraints are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of Company and
its successors and assigns and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect to the subject matter, length of time
and geographic area. Executive further acknowledges that, were Executive to breach any of the covenants in Section 7, Section 8
and/or Section 9 the damage to the Company would be irreparable. Executive therefore agrees that Company, in addition to any
other remedies available to it, shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any breach or threatened breach
by Executive of any of the covenants herein, without any requirement to post a bond or similar security. The Parties further agree that
in the event that any provision of Section 7, Section 8 and/or Section 9 shall be determined by any
court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over too great a time, too large a geographic area
or too great a range of activities, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted
by law.

7

11. Definitions. Words or phrases that are initially capitalized or within quotation marks shall have
the meanings provided in this Section 11 and as provided elsewhere. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply:

(a) $ refers to U.S. Dollars.

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person which
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified
Person (for the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled
by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to either: (i) direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, or (ii) vote at least fifty percent (50%) or
more of the securities having voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of
such Person.

(c) Cause means if Executive is discharged by Company on account of the occurrence
of one or more of the following events:

(i) Executives continued refusal or failure to perform (other than by reason of Disability) Executives
material duties and responsibilities to Company if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written
notice of such refusal or failure by Company to Executive, or Executives continued refusal or failure to follow any reasonable
lawful direction of the Board if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written notice of such
refusal or failure by Company to Executive;

(ii) willful, grossly negligent or unlawful misconduct by Executive which causes material harm to Company or
its reputation;

(iii) the Company is directed in writing by regulatory or governmental authorities to terminate the employment
of Executive or Executive engages in activities that: (i) are not approved or authorized by the Board, and (ii) cause
actions to be taken by regulatory or governmental authorities that have a material adverse effect on Company; or

(iv) a conviction, plea of guilty, or plea of nolo contendere by Executive, of or with respect to a
criminal offense which is a felony or other crime involving dishonesty, disloyalty, fraud, embezzlement, theft, or similar action(s) (including,
without limitation, acceptance of bribes, kickbacks or self-dealing), or the material breach of Executives fiduciary duties with
respect to Company.

(d) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of common stock to the general public
through a registration statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person or
related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an Executive benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or a Person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange
Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities
outstanding immediately after such acquisition;

(ii) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company
through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, or (y) a sale or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions:

(A) which results in the Companys voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the Person that,
as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all
of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such Person, the Successor
Entity) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding
voting securities immediately after the transaction, and

8

(B) after which no Person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing fifty percent (50%) or
more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no Person or group shall
be treated for purposes of this Section 11(d) as beneficially owning fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of
the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction.

A transaction shall not constitute a
Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the State of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that
will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

(e) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Company has the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble of this Agreement.

(g) Company Group shall mean the Company together with any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries.

(h) Compensation Committee shall mean the committee of the Board designated to make
compensation decisions relating to senior executive officers of the Company.

(i) Confidential Information means any and all nonpublic information of the Company.
Confidential Information includes, without limitation, such information relating to (i) the development, research, testing,
manufacturing, marketing, and financial activities of the Company, (ii) the Services, (iii) the costs, sources of
supply, financial performance, and strategic and/or business plans of Company, (iv) the identity and special needs of the customers
and prospective customers of Company, and (v) the people and organizations with whom Company has business relationships and
those relationships. Confidential Information also includes any information that Company has received, or may receive hereafter, belonging
to customers or others with any understanding, express or implied, that the information would not be disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Confidential Information does not include (x) any information that is or becomes generally
known to the industry or the public through no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive and (y) any information
that is made legitimately available to Executive by a third Party without breach of any confidentiality obligation.

(j) Disability means Executives inability, due to any illness, injury, accident
or condition of either a physical or psychological nature, to substantially perform Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder
for a period of one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days, or for any one hundred and eighty (180) days during any
period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days, exclusive of any leave Executive may take under the
Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. (FMLA) or as a reasonable
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. (ADA).

(k) Final Compensation means the amount equal to the sum of: (i) the Base
Salary earned but not paid through the date of termination of employment, payable not later than the next scheduled payroll date, (ii) any
business and related expenses and allowances incurred by Executive or to which Executive is entitled under Section 4(g) but
unreimbursed on the date of termination of employment; provided that with respect to business expenses unreimbursed under Section
4(g), such expenses and required substantiation and documentation are submitted within one hundred eighty (180) days of
termination in the case of termination on account of Executives death, or thirty (30) days on account of termination
for any reason other than death, and that such expenses are reimbursable under Companys applicable reimbursement policy, and (iii) any
other supplemental compensation, insurance, retirement or other benefits due and payable or otherwise required to be provided under Section
4 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or agreement.

(l) Good Reason means, without Executives express written consent: (i) a
material reduction in the Base Salary, then in effect, except a material diminution generally affecting all of the members of the Companys
management, (ii) a material reduction in job title, position or responsibility, or (iii) a material breach of any
term or condition contained in this Agreement. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason unless (i) Executive
provides Company with written notice of the existence of Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the occurrence thereof, (ii) Company
does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within thirty (30) days of receiving that written notice, and (iii) Executive
resigns Executives employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of that cure period.

9

(m) Intellectual Property means inventions, discoveries, developments, methods,
processes, compositions, works, concepts and ideas (whether or not patentable or copyrightable or constituting trade secrets) conceived,
made, created, developed or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or with others, whether or not during normal business
hours or on or off Company premises) during Executives employment that relate to either the Services or any prospective activity
of Company or that make use of Confidential Information or any of the equipment or facilities of Company.

(n) Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association,
a partnership, an estate, a trust, and any other entity or organization other than Company.

(o) Sale of Company means the sale of Company to an independent third Party or group
of independent third Parties pursuant to which such Party or Parties acquire: (i) equity interests possessing the voting power
under normal circumstances to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of Company (whether by merger,
consolidation or sale or transfer of such equity interests), or (ii) all or substantially all of Companys assets determined
on a consolidated basis.

(p) Services means all services planned, researched, developed, tested, manufactured,
sold, licensed, leased or otherwise distributed or put into use by Company, together with all products provided or planned by Company,
during Executives employment.

(q) Severance Period shall mean that number of years or partial years following termination
of Executives employment equal to the number of years or partial years of Base Salary that the Executive receives under Section
5(f).

(r) Term End Date shall mean the last day of the Term of this Employment Agreement.

12. Withholding. All payments made by Company under this Agreement may be reduced by any tax or other
amounts required to be withheld by Company under applicable law or by any amounts authorized in writing by Executive.

13. Assignment. Neither Company nor Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest
herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however,
that Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of Executive in the event of a Sale of Company.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators,
heirs and permitted assigns.

14. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executives employment will be
deemed to have terminated on the date of Executive separation from service (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)) with
Company.

(b) It is intended that this Agreement will comply with Section 409A of the Code, and any regulations
and guideline issued thereunder (Section 409A) to the extent that any compensation and benefits provided
hereunder constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with
this intent. The Parties will negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A in a manner
that preserves the original intent of the Parties to the extent reasonably possible. No action or failure to act, pursuant to this Section 14
shall subject Company to any claim, liability, or expense, and Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect
Executive from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(c) For purposes of the application of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(or any successor provision),
each payment in a series of payments will be deemed a separate payment.

10

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute
non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code would otherwise be payable or distributable
under this Agreement by reason of Executives separation from service during a period in which Executive is a specified Executive (as
defined under Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by
Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest),
or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes):

(i) if the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum, the Executives right to receive payment
or distribution of such non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the earlier of Executives death or the first day
of the seventh month following Executives separation from service; and

(ii) if the payment or distribution is payable over time, the amount of such non-exempt deferred compensation
that would otherwise be payable during the six months immediately following Executives separation from service will be accumulated,
and the Executives right to receive payment or distribution of such accumulated amount will be delayed until the earlier of Executives
death or the first day of the seventh month following Executives separation from service, whereupon the accumulated amount will
be paid or distributed to Executive and the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume.

This Section 14(d) should
not be construed to prevent the application of Treas. Reg 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(or any successor provision) to amounts
payable hereunder (or any portion thereof).

15. Golden Parachute Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Section or elsewhere in this
Agreement to the contrary, in the event the payments and benefits payable hereunder to or on behalf of Executive (which the Parties
agree will not include any portion of payments allocated to the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions of Section 9) that
are classified as payments of reasonable compensation for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, when added to all other amounts and
benefits payable to or on behalf of Executive, would result in the loss of a deduction under Code Section 280G, or the imposition
of an excise tax under Code Section 4999, the amounts and benefits payable hereunder shall be reduced to such extent as may be necessary
to avoid such loss of deduction or imposition of excise tax. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent
with the requirements of Code Section 409A and where two or more economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction, but payable
at different times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis. All calculations required to be made under this subsection
will be made by the Companys independent public accountants, subject to the right of Executives professional advisors to
review the same. The Parties recognize that the actual implementation of the provisions of this subsection are complex and agree to deal
with each other in good faith to resolve any questions or disagreements arising hereunder.

16. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. Subject to Section 5(f), any successor to the Company (whether
direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys
business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement
in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.
For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business
and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 16 or which becomes bound by the terms
of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees

17. Clawback Provisions. Any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy (whether
in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts
that were paid to the Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and
in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

11

18. Indemnification. Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by law, for all
amounts (including, without limitation, judgments, fines, settlement payments, expenses and reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys
fees) incurred or paid by Executive in connection with any action, suit, investigation or proceeding, or threatened action, suit,
investigation or proceeding, arising out of or relating to the performance by Executive of services for, or the acting by Executive as
a director, officer or Executive of, Company, or any subsidiary of Company. Any fees or other necessary expenses incurred by Executive
in defending any such action, suit, investigation or proceeding shall be paid by Company in advance, subject to Companys right
to seek repayment from Executive if a determination is made that Executive was not entitled to indemnification.

19. Severability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement shall to any extent be declared illegal
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision
in the circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each
portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

20. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed
by the waiving Party. The failure of either Party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver
by either Party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed
a waiver of any subsequent breach.

21. Survival. Section 6 through and including Section 32 shall survive and continue in
full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of Executives employment (and hence the Term of
this Agreement) for any reason.

22. Notices. Any and all notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in Person, with respect to notices delivered personally, or upon confirmed receipt
when delivered by facsimile or deposited with a reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service and addressed or faxed to Executive
at Executives last known address on the books of Company or, in the case of Company, at its principal place of business, attention:
Secretary, Board of Directors.

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties (including
with respect to Company, its successors and assigns) with respect to Executives employment and supersedes all prior communications,
agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to the terms and conditions of Executives employment.

24. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by Executive
and by an expressly authorized representative of Company.

25. Headings. The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define
or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, the delivery of a copy of such signature
by facsimile transmission or other electronic exchange methodology shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this
Agreement by such Party, and such electronic copy shall constitute an enforceable original document. Counterpart signatures need not be
on the same page and shall be deemed effective upon receipt.

27. Additional Obligations. Without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, Executives
obligations under Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9 are in addition to, and not in limitation of,
any obligations that Executive may have under applicable law (including any law regarding trade secrets, duty of loyalty, fiduciary
duty, unfair competition, unjust enrichment, slander, libel, conversion, misappropriation and fraud).

28. Attorneys Fees. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement,
the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses from the other Party to the action
or proceeding. For purposes of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be deemed to be that Party who obtains
substantially the result sought, whether by settlement, mediation, judgment or otherwise, and attorneys fees shall
include, without limitation, the reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees incurred in retaining counsel for advice, negotiations,
suit, appeal or other legal proceeding, including mediation and arbitration.

12

29. Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and each of its provisions
are and shall be treated strictly confidential. During the Term and thereafter, Executive shall not disclose any terms of this Agreement
to any Person or entity without the prior written consent of Company, with the exception of Executives tax, legal or accounting
advisors or for legitimate business purposes of Executive, or as otherwise required by law.

30. No Rule of Construction. This Agreement shall be construed to be neither against nor in favor of
any Party hereto based upon any Partys role in drafting this Agreement, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning hereof.

31. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.

32. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT EITHER MAY HAVE TO A
JURY TRIAL CONCERNING ANY CIVIL ACTION THAT MAY ARISE FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES HERETO.

33. Conditions. This Agreement and the Executives continued employment hereunder is conditional
on the Companys satisfaction (determined in the Companys sole discretion) that the Executive has met the legal requirements
to perform the Executives role, including but not limited to satisfactory results of a background and/or credit search or any other
applicable security clearance checks and criminal record checks and other reference checks that the Company performs. The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that in signing this Agreement, and providing the Company with the necessary documentation to perform the checks required for
the Executives role and with references, the Executive is providing consent to the Company or its agent, to performs such checks
and contact the references the Executive provided to the Company.

34. Prior Restrictions. By signing below, the Executive represents that the Executive is not bound
by the terms of any agreement with any Person which restricts in any way the Executives hiring by the Company and the performance
of the Executives expected job duties; the Executive also represents that, during the Executives employment with the Company,
the Executive shall not disclose or make use of any confidential information of any other persons or entities in violation of any of their
applicable policies or agreements and/or applicable law.

35. Independent Legal Counsel. By signing below, the Executive hereby acknowledges that the Executive
has been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Agreement, and that the Executive has either obtained
such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waives any objections or claims the Executive may make resulting from any failure
on the Executives part to obtain such advice.

36. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original when executed, but all of which taken together shall constitute the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective
as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been executed by Company (by its duly authorized representative) and by Executive, as of the date first above
written.

JANOVER INC.

By: 

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE:

JOSEPH ONORATI

14

EXHIBIT A

Release of Claims

FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the benefits to be
provided me in connection with the termination of my employment, as set forth in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of April
15, 2025 (the Agreement), between me and Janover Inc. (the Company), or under any severance
pay plan applicable to me, which benefits are conditioned on my signing this Release of Claims and to which I am not otherwise entitled,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I, on my own behalf and on
behalf of my heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, representatives and assigns, and all others connected with me, hereby release
and forever discharge Company and any of its subsidiaries and Affiliates (as that term is defined in Section 11(b) of the
Agreement) and all of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, equity holders, executives, agents,
managers, joint venturers, representatives, successors and assigns, and all others connected with any of them (collectively, the
Released Parties), both individually and in their official capacities, from any and all causes of action, rights
and claims of any type or description, known or unknown, which I have had in the past, now have, or might now have, through the date of
my signing of this Release of Claims, in any way resulting from, arising out of or connected with my employment by the Company or any
of its Affiliates or the termination of that employment, including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation arising under:
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
as amended (including the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act); the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended; the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act; Executive Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974; the Fair Labor Standards Act; any applicable Executive Orders; or their state or local counterparts; or under any
other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance; or under
any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law; or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company; or any
claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, intentional infliction of emotional distress or defamation; or any claim for costs,
fees or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters (all of the foregoing collectively referred to
herein as Claims), other than (i) the right to payment of any vested or accrued benefits under any supplemental
compensation, insurance, retirement and/or other benefit plan or agreement applicable to Executive, (ii) the right to payment
of any amounts owed to me by Company pursuant to Section 5 of the Agreement, (iii) any rights under applicable workers
compensation or unemployment compensation laws, (iv) any rights that survive termination of my employment pursuant to an restricted
stock units/options grant agreement or certificate to purchase the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock, (v) any
rights with respect to the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock owned by Executive, or (vi) any
rights to indemnification under the Agreement, the Companys by-laws or any other applicable law.

In signing this Release of Claims, I acknowledge
my understanding that I may not sign it prior to the termination of my employment, but that I may consider the terms of this Release of
Claims for up to twenty-one (21) days (or such longer period as the Company may specify) from the later of the date
my employment with the Company terminates or the date I receive this Release of Claims. I also acknowledge that I am advised by the Company
and its Affiliates to seek the advice of an attorney prior to signing this Release of Claims; that I have had sufficient time to consider
this Release of Claims and to consult with an attorney, if I wished to do so, or to consult with any other Person of my choosing before
signing; and that I am signing this Release of Claims voluntarily and with a full understanding of its terms.

I represent that I have not filed against the
Released Parties any complaints, charges, or lawsuits arising out of my employment, or any other matter arising on or prior to the date
of this Release of Claims, and covenant and agree that I will never individually or with any Person file, or commence the filing of, any
charges, lawsuits, complaints or proceedings with any governmental agency, or against the Released Parties with respect to any of the
matters released by me pursuant to this Release of Claims.

A-1

I further acknowledge that, in signing this Release
of Claims, I have not relied on any promises or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the Agreement.
I understand that I may revoke this Release of Claims at any time within seven (7) days of the date of my signing by written
notice to the Secretary, Board of Directors of the Company (or such other Person as the Company may specify by notice to me given
in accordance with the Agreement) and that this Release of Claims will take effect only upon the expiration of such seven-day revocation
period and only if I have not timely revoked it.

Intending to be legally bound, I have signed this
Release of Claims as of the date written below.

Signature: 

Name: 

Date Signed: 

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023831901ex10-2_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AS OF APRIL 15, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND PARKER WHITE
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement, dated as of April 15,
2025 (this Agreement), is made and entered into by and between Janover Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Parker White (the Executive and together with the Company, the Parties
and individually a Party). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
set forth in Section 11.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment
Officer and Executive wishes to be employed by Company as its Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, terms, provisions, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the adequacy
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement, Company hereby offers, and Executive hereby accepts employment with Company, as of April 4, 2025 (the Effective
Date).

2. Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall
be effective as of the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until it is terminated in accordance with Sections 5 and 6 below (the
Term).

3. Capacity and Performance.

(a) During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by Company
on a full-time basis as its Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer. Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities as directed by the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board), consistent with Executives position on behalf of Company.

(b) Executive shall devote his full business time, attention,
skill, and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation
during the Term, including, without limitation, any activity that: (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or any other
member of the Company Group, (y) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of Executives duties for the Company,
or (z) interferes with Executives exercise of judgment in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall preclude Executive from: (i) serving, with the prior written consent of the Board, as a member of the
Board of Directors or Advisory Board (or the equivalent in the case of a non-corporate entity) of a noncompeting for-profit
business and one or more charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing
Executives personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii),
and (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance
of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(c) Executives employment with Company shall be exclusive with respect to the business of Company.
Accordingly, during the Term, Executive shall devote Executives full business time and Executives best efforts, business
judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of the business and interests of Company and the discharge of Executives duties
and responsibilities hereunder, except for permitted vacation (and other paid time off) periods, reasonable periods of illness
or incapacity, and reasonable and customary time spent on civic, charitable and religious activities, in each case such activities shall
not interfere in any material respect with Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) During the Term, the Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer.

(e) The Board has appointed Executive as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer
on April 4, 2025.

4. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. For services performed by Executive under this Agreement, Company shall pay Executive
an annual base salary of $443,000, minus applicable withholdings and deductions, payable at the same times as salaries are payable to
other executives of Company (the Base Salary). During the Term, the Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation
Committee and/or the Board each year, and the Board may, from time to time, increase or decrease such Base Salary and any reference to
Base Salary herein shall refer to such Base Salary, as increased.

(b) Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year of the Company during the Term, the Company shall afford Executive
the opportunity to earn an incentive bonus (Bonus) as described in this Section 4(b). The aggregate
target Bonus payable to Executive under such program(s) shall be 65% of the Base Salary or any other amount set by the Compensation
Committee of the Board in its discretion, and shall be payable to the extent the applicable performance goals are achieved (which
goals and payment matrices shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion). The amount of the Bonus will be
determined by certification by the Board that the applicable goals have been achieved, and the Board shall promptly provide such certification
following the achievement of the applicable goals.

(c) Equity Awards. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive equity awards (the
Equity Awards) either now or in the future, on terms and conditions similar to those applicable to other executive
officers of the Company generally, inside or outside of any established equity plan. The amount and terms of the Equity Awards awarded
to the Executive shall be set by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. The Equity Awards will be evidenced by a restricted stock
unit award agreement, a stock option agreement, or any other form of equity award agreement under the Companys Equity Incentive
Plan (the Equity Plan), and will be subject to the terms and conditions of such agreements and the Equity Plan.

(d) Change in Control. To the extent not already vested, the Equity Awards granted to Executive will
fully vest upon (i) a Change of Control Severance Event (as defined below) or (ii) a Change in Control followed by a change in job title
or position.

(e) Other Executive Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
executive benefit plans, including health and 401(k) plans, from time to time generally in effect for Companys executives (collectively,
Benefit Plans). Such participation and receipt of benefits under any such Benefit Plans shall be on the same terms (including
cost-sharing between Company and Executive) as are applicable to other Company executives and shall be subject to the terms of the
applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies. The Company may alter, modify, add to or delete the Benefit Plans
in a manner nondiscriminatory to Executive at any time in accordance with applicable plan rules.

(f) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to an annual vacation of 20 days plus ten established
holiday days per full calendar year of his employment with the Company hereunder. Any unused vacation in one accrued calendar year may
not be carried over to any subsequent calendar year.

(g) Business and Travel Expenses. Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable, customary
and necessary business expenses (including travel, lodging, networking, and entertainment expenses) which are correctly documented
and incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder, subject to the rules,
regulations, and procedures of Company and in effect from time to time.

5. Termination of Employment; Severance Benefits. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 2, the Executives employment hereunder shall terminate under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. If Executives dies during the Term, Executives employment hereunder shall
immediately and automatically terminate. In such event, Company shall pay to Executives designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary
has been selected by Executive, to Executives estate, the Final Compensation. Company shall have no further obligation hereunder
to Executive, Executives beneficiary, or Executives estate upon the termination of Executives employment under this
Section 5(a) including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

2

(b) Disability.

(i) Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder
due to Executives Disability during the Term by giving Executive thirty (30) days written notice of its intent to terminate,
but in no event shall such termination be effective prior to the expiration of the time periods in the definition of Disability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company will, after engaging in an interactive process with Executive to discern whether reasonable accommodation(s)
can be provided without undue hardship upon Company, offer Executive reasonable accommodation(s) to enable Executive to perform the essential
functions of Executives position to the extent required by applicable law (if any) before terminating Executives employment
hereunder. Executive may decline such reasonable accommodation, in which case Executives employment hereunder will terminate as
provided in this subsection.

(ii) In the event of such termination for Disability, Executive will receive Executives Final Compensation.
Company shall have no further obligation hereunder to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section
5(d), including, specifically, that the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(iii) Subject to Executives rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA), Company may designate another Executive to act in Executives place during any period of Executives
Disability during which Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executives position with or without reasonable
accommodation. Notwithstanding any such designation, Executive shall continue to receive the Base Salary in accordance with Section
4(a) and coverage under the Benefit Plans in accordance with Section 4(b), to the extent permitted by the then-current terms
of the applicable benefit plans and as provided under the FMLA, if applicable, until the earliest to occur of: (A) the end of
the Term, (B) Executive becomes eligible for disability income benefits under Companys disability income plan, or (C) the
termination of Executives employment.

(iv) While receiving disability income payments under Companys disability income plan (if applicable),
Company will continue to pay to Executive Executives Base Salary under Section 4(a), but may offset any such disability
income payments Executive receives against the Base Salary payments. Executive will also continue to participate in the Benefit Plans
in accordance with Section 4(b) and the terms of such Benefit Plans, until the end of the Term or until the termination of
Executives employment, whichever occurs first.

(v) If any question arises as to whether during any period Executive has a Disability as defined herein, Executive
may, and at the request of Company shall, submit to a medical examination by a qualified, unbiased physician selected by Company and reasonably
acceptable to Executive or Executives duly appointed guardian, if any, to determine whether Executive has a Disability and such
determination shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.

(c) By Company for Cause. Company may terminate Executives
employment hereunder for Cause, as defined in Section 11(c), at any time upon notice to Executive setting forth in reasonable
detail the nature of such Cause. Upon the giving of notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, Executive
will receive Executives Final Compensation. Except as provided herein, Company will have no further obligation to Executive upon
termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(c). Any notice of termination of Executives employment
hereunder for Cause, or any notice to Executive regarding any event, condition or circumstance that, if not cured, if applicable, in
accordance with the above, could give rise to a termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, shall set forth in detail
the applicable event(s), condition(s) or circumstance(s) constituting reason(s) or potential reason(s) for such termination
hereunder.

(d) By Company Other than for Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason. Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder other than for Cause at any time upon thirty (30) days
written notice to Executive and Executive may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason at any time upon thirty (30) days
written notice to Company.

(i) In the event of a termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(d), in addition
to the Final Compensation, Executive shall receive payment of such Bonus as determined under Section 4(b) shall be at the time
proscribed by Section 4(b), if the date of termination occurs after the end of a calendar year but prior to the date on which a
Bonus is paid under Section 4(b).

3

(ii) Any obligation of Company to Executive under this Section 5(d) (other than for the Final Compensation
or for benefits required by law) is conditioned upon Executives execution and delivery to Company and the expiration of all
applicable statutory revocation periods of a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Executive
Release), provided, that the terms of such Executive Release shall be subject to modification to the extent necessary to comply
with: (a) the fact that Company is simultaneously terminating more than one executive as part of a group termination decision
or (b) changes in applicable law, if any, occurring after the date hereof, and prior to the date such Executive Release is executed.

(e) [intentionally omitted]

(f) Change in Control Severance. Except as otherwise set forth herein, if a Change in Control occurs,
and on, or at any time during the 6 months following, the Change in Control, (i) the Company terminates Executives employment for
any reason other than Cause or Disability, or (ii) Executive terminates Executives employment for Good Reason (a Chance
of Control Severance Event), Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits:

(i) The Company shall pay Executive, in a lump sum within 60 days following termination of Executives
employment, severance equal to two times the sum of Executives Base Salary.

(ii) Executive also shall be entitled to receive any and all vested benefits accrued under any other incentive
plans to the date of termination of employment, the amount, entitlement to, form, and time of payment of such benefits to be determined
by the terms of such incentive plans. For purposes of calculating Executives benefits under the incentive plans, Executives
employment shall be deemed to have terminated under circumstances that have the most favorable result for Executive under the applicable
incentive plan.

(iii) If, upon the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive holds any awards with respect
to securities of the Company, (i) all such awards that are restricted stock units/options shall immediately become vested and exercisable
upon such date and shall be exercisable thereafter until expiration of the full term of the restricted stock units/options; (ii) all restrictions
on any such awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall terminate or lapse, and all such awards of restricted
stock, restricted stock units or other awards shall be vested and payable; and (iii) all performance goals applicable to any such performance-based
awards that are in cycle (i.e., the performance period is not yet complete) shall be deemed satisfied at the target
level (assuming 100% payout), and (iv) all such awards shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement. The
provisions of this subsection shall be subject (and defer) to the provisions of any incentive plan, award agreement or other agreement
as it relates to an individual award to the extent such provisions provide treatment that is more favorable to Executive than the treatment
described in this subsection and such more favorable provisions in such incentive plan, award agreement or other agreement shall supersede
any inconsistent or contrary provision of this subsection. All of Executives awards with respect to securities of the Company that
are outstanding upon the date of termination of Executives employment shall continue to be subject to, and enjoy the benefits and
protections under, the terms of the incentive plan, the award agreement and any other plan, agreement, policy or other arrangement to
which such awards are subject as of the effective date of Executives participation, including any employment security agreement
or other written compensation arrangement (even if the remaining terms thereof are waived), without application of this subsection.

4

(iv) Executive and Executives spouse and other qualified beneficiaries shall be eligible for continued
coverage as follows:

(A) If the Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries are
enrolled under a group health plan as defined by COBRA, on the date of termination of Executives employment, Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may elect to continue such coverage under COBRA, except that the maximum coverage
period shall be extended to no less than the Severance Period (but no more than 1 year) for that Executive, unless, after electing COBRA,
the individual attains age 65 and becomes eligible for Medicare, in which case COBRA shall end for that individual. If Executive, Executives
spouse and/or Executives other qualified beneficiaries elect COBRA coverage, the Company shall pay a portion of the COBRA costs
for the Severance Period for that Executive (subject to any earlier termination of COBRA). The portion to be paid by the Company shall
equal the amount necessary so that the total of the COBRA costs paid by Executive is equal to the costs that would have been paid by Executive
for such coverage as an active employee immediately prior to termination of Executives employment or, if less, prior to the Change
in Control. The cost of COBRA coverage paid by the Company may be taxable income to the Executive and reported on Executives Internal
Revenue Service Form W-2. Executive, Executives spouse and/or Executives qualified beneficiaries may continue coverage under
COBRA after the Severance Period for that Executive, provided they pay the full COBRA costs and COBRA otherwise remains available.

(B) The benefits and/or extended coverage provided under this subsection shall cease prior to the date such
benefits and/or extended coverage would otherwise end under subsection if and when Executive (A) obtains employment with another employer
during the Severance Period and becomes eligible for coverage under any substantially similar plan provided by his/her new employer or
(B) fails to pay the required active employee portion of the cost of coverage provided under this subsection in the time and manner specified
by the Company or its designee.

(v) Executive shall be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation in accordance with the Companys
policy in effect at the time of termination of Executives employment, in a lump sum within 60 days following such termination.
Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or other compensation attributable to vacation that would have been earned had
Executives employment continued during the Severance Period, and Executive waives any right to receive any such compensation.

(vi) Executive shall not be entitled to reimbursement for any other fringe benefits or perquisite payments
during the Severance Period, including but not limited to dues and expenses related to club memberships, automobile, cell phone, expenses
for professional services, executive physicals, and other similar perquisites.

6. Effect of Termination.

(a) Upon termination of Executives employment hereunder and subject to the provisions of Section
5 and Section 6(c), Companys entire obligation to Executive shall be payment of Final Compensation.

(b) In connection with the cessation of Executives service as Chief Operating Officer and Chief
Investment Officer of Company for any reason,
except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Executive, Executive shall be deemed to
have resigned from any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other positions Executive holds with the Company or any
other member of the Company Group. Executive hereby agrees that no further action is required by Executive or any of the preceding
to make the transitions and resignations provided for in this paragraph effective, but Executive nonetheless agrees to execute any
documentation Company reasonably requests at the time to confirm it and to not reassume any such service or position without the
written consent of Company.

(c) Except as otherwise required by Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act or any similar federal
or state law, benefits shall continue or terminate pursuant to the terms of the applicable benefit plan or agreement, without regard to
any continuation of Base Salary or other payment to Executive following such date of termination.

(d) The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply to any termination of employment. Provisions of this
Agreement will survive any termination if so provided herein or if necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of other surviving
provisions, including, without limitation, the obligations of Executive under Section 7 through Section 9.

5

(e) Any termination of Executives employment with Company under this Agreement shall automatically
be deemed to be simultaneous resignation of all other positions and titles (including any director positions) that Executive
holds with Company and any Affiliate or subsidiary thereof. This Section 6(e) shall constitute a resignation notice for such purposes.

(f) Upon termination of the Executives employment or upon the Companys request at any other
time, the Executive will deliver to the Company all of the Companys property, equipment, and documents, together with all copies
thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Intellectual Property or Confidential Information and certify in writing
that the Executive has fully complied with the foregoing obligation. The Executive agrees that the Executive will not copy, delete, or
alter any Company computer equipment information before the Executive returns it to the Company. In addition, if the Executive has used
any personal computer, server, or email system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not
limited to, Confidential Information, the Executive agrees to provide the Company with a computer-usable copy of all such Confidential
Information and then permanently delete and expunge such Confidential Information from those systems; and the Executive agrees to provide
the Company access to the Executives system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed.

7. Confidential Information.

(a) Executive acknowledges that Company continually develops Confidential Information, that Executive may
develop Confidential Information for Company and that Executive may learn of Confidential Information during the course of employment
with Company. Executive will comply with the policies and procedures of Company for protecting Confidential Information and shall not
disclose to any Person or use, other than as required by applicable law, regulation or process or for the proper performance of Executives
duties and responsibilities to Company, any Confidential Information obtained by Executive incidental to Executives employment
or other association with Company. Executive understands that this restriction shall continue to apply after Executives employment
terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the contrary, nothing contained herein
shall prevent Executive from disclosing any Confidential Information required by law, subpoena, court order or other legal processes to
be disclosed; provided, that, Executive shall give prompt written notice to Company of such requirement, disclose no more information
than is so required and cooperate, at Companys cost and expense, with any attempt by Company to obtain a protective order or similar
treatment with respect to such information.

(c) Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive understands that:

(i) Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or
other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; and

(ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law,
Executive may disclose the employers trade secrets to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court
proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant
to court order.

8. Assignment of Rights to Intellectual Property. Executive shall promptly and fully disclose to Company
all Intellectual Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company. Executive hereby
assigns and agrees to assign to Company (or as otherwise directed by Company) Executives full right, title, and interest
in and to all such Intellectual Property. Executive agrees to execute any and all applications for domestic and foreign patents, copyrights
or other proprietary rights and to do such other acts (including without limitation the execution and delivery of instruments of
further assurance or confirmation) requested by Company (at Companys expense) to assign to Company the Intellectual
Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company and to permit Company to enforce
any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights to the Intellectual Property. Executive will not charge Company for time spent in
complying with these obligations. All copyrightable works that Executive creates developed for the benefit of Company in the course of
Executives employment by Company shall be considered work made for hire.

6

9. Restricted Activities. Executive agrees that the restrictions on Executives activities during
and after Executives employment set forth below are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other legitimate
interests of Company and its successors and assigns:

(a) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period following termination of employment,
Executive will not, without the prior written consent of Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as principal or investor or as an
Executive, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent, or otherwise, alone or in association with any other Person, firm,
corporation, or other business organization, engage or otherwise become involved in a Competing Business (as defined below) in
any country in which the Company conducted business during the Term; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 9 shall
apply solely to those activities of a Competing Business which are congruent with those activities with which Executive was personally
involved or for which Executive was responsible while employed by the Company or its subsidiaries during the twelve (12) month
period preceding termination of Executives employment. This Section 9 will not be violated, however, by Executives
investment of up to $500,000 in the aggregate in one or more publicly-traded companies that engage in a Competing Business. Competing
Business means a business or enterprise (other than Company or its subsidiaries) engaged in the commercial mortgage
brokerage, commercial mortgage marketplace, and any other business directly competing with the business of the Company as currently conducted
or otherwise conducted by the Company during the Term (the Restricted Activities). Restricted Period means
twenty-four (24) months.

(b) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted Period (as defined above), Executive
will not engage in any Wrongful Solicitation. A Wrongful Solicitation shall be deemed to occur when Executive
directly or indirectly (except in the course of Executives employment with Company), for the purpose of conducting or engaging
in a Competing Business, calls upon, solicits, advises or otherwise does, or attempts to do, business with any Person who is, or was,
during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or takes away or interferes or attempts
to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage or affairs of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or hires or attempts
to hire any Person who is, or was during the most recent 12-month period, an Executive, officer, representative or agent of Company or
any of its subsidiaries, or solicits, induces, or attempts to solicit or induce any Person who is an Executive, officer, representative
or agent of Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave the employ or agency of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or violate the
terms of their contract, or any employment consulting or agent agreement, with it.

(c) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive and Company consider the restrictions contained
in this Section 9 to be reasonable if a court makes a final judicial determination of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory
or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of this Agreement
shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as the
court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction
contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall
not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.

(d) Executive expressly understands that in the event of a violation of any period specified in this Section
9, such period shall be extended by a period of time equal to that period beginning with the commencement of any such violation and
ending when such violation shall have been finally terminated in good faith.

10. Enforcement of Covenants. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read and considered
all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed upon Executive pursuant to Sections 7, 8
and 9, and Executive agrees that these restraints are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of Company and
its successors and assigns and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect to the subject matter, length of time
and geographic area. Executive further acknowledges that, were Executive to breach any of the covenants in Section 7, Section 8
and/or Section 9 the damage to the Company would be irreparable. Executive therefore agrees that Company, in addition to any
other remedies available to it, shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any breach or threatened breach
by Executive of any of the covenants herein, without any requirement to post a bond or similar security. The Parties further agree that
in the event that any provision of Section 7, Section 8 and/or Section 9 shall be determined by any
court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over too great a time, too large a geographic area
or too great a range of activities, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted
by law.

7

11. Definitions. Words or phrases that are initially capitalized or within quotation marks shall have
the meanings provided in this Section 11 and as provided elsewhere. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply:

(a) $ refers to U.S. Dollars.

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person which
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified
Person (for the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled
by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to either: (i) direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, or (ii) vote at least fifty percent (50%) or
more of the securities having voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of
such Person.

(c) Cause means if Executive is discharged by Company on account of the occurrence
of one or more of the following events:

(i) Executives continued refusal or failure to perform (other than by reason of Disability) Executives
material duties and responsibilities to Company if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written
notice of such refusal or failure by Company to Executive, or Executives continued refusal or failure to follow any reasonable
lawful direction of the Board if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days following written notice of such
refusal or failure by Company to Executive;

(ii) willful, grossly negligent or unlawful misconduct by Executive which causes material harm to Company or
its reputation;

(iii) the Company is directed in writing by regulatory or governmental authorities to terminate the employment
of Executive or Executive engages in activities that: (i) are not approved or authorized by the Board, and (ii) cause
actions to be taken by regulatory or governmental authorities that have a material adverse effect on Company; or

(iv) a conviction, plea of guilty, or plea of nolo contendere by Executive, of or with respect to a
criminal offense which is a felony or other crime involving dishonesty, disloyalty, fraud, embezzlement, theft, or similar action(s) (including,
without limitation, acceptance of bribes, kickbacks or self-dealing), or the material breach of Executives fiduciary duties with
respect to Company.

(d) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of common stock to the general public
through a registration statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission) whereby any Person or
related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange
Act) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, an Executive benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or a Person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange
Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities
outstanding immediately after such acquisition;

(ii) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company
through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination, or (y) a sale or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions:

(A) which results in the Companys voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the Person that,
as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all
of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such Person, the Successor
Entity) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding
voting securities immediately after the transaction, and

8

(B) after which no Person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing fifty percent (50%) or
more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no Person or group shall
be treated for purposes of this Section 11(d) as beneficially owning fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of
the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction.

A transaction shall not constitute a
Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the State of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that
will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

(e) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Company has the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble of this Agreement.

(g) Company Group shall mean the Company together with any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries.

(h) Compensation Committee shall mean the committee of the Board designated to make
compensation decisions relating to senior executive officers of the Company.

(i) Confidential Information means any and all nonpublic information of the Company.
Confidential Information includes, without limitation, such information relating to (i) the development, research, testing,
manufacturing, marketing, and financial activities of the Company, (ii) the Services, (iii) the costs, sources of
supply, financial performance, and strategic and/or business plans of Company, (iv) the identity and special needs of the customers
and prospective customers of Company, and (v) the people and organizations with whom Company has business relationships and
those relationships. Confidential Information also includes any information that Company has received, or may receive hereafter, belonging
to customers or others with any understanding, express or implied, that the information would not be disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Confidential Information does not include (x) any information that is or becomes generally
known to the industry or the public through no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive and (y) any information
that is made legitimately available to Executive by a third Party without breach of any confidentiality obligation.

(j) Disability means Executives inability, due to any illness, injury, accident
or condition of either a physical or psychological nature, to substantially perform Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder
for a period of one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days, or for any one hundred and eighty (180) days during any
period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days, exclusive of any leave Executive may take under the
Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. (FMLA) or as a reasonable
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. (ADA).

(k) Final Compensation means the amount equal to the sum of: (i) the Base
Salary earned but not paid through the date of termination of employment, payable not later than the next scheduled payroll date, (ii) any
business and related expenses and allowances incurred by Executive or to which Executive is entitled under Section 4(g) but
unreimbursed on the date of termination of employment; provided that with respect to business expenses unreimbursed under Section
4(g), such expenses and required substantiation and documentation are submitted within one hundred eighty (180) days of
termination in the case of termination on account of Executives death, or thirty (30) days on account of termination
for any reason other than death, and that such expenses are reimbursable under Companys applicable reimbursement policy, and (iii) any
other supplemental compensation, insurance, retirement or other benefits due and payable or otherwise required to be provided under Section
4 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or agreement.

(l) Good Reason means, without Executives express written consent: (i) a
material reduction in the Base Salary, then in effect, except a material diminution generally affecting all of the members of the Companys
management, (ii) a material reduction in job title, position or responsibility, or (iii) a material breach of any
term or condition contained in this Agreement. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason unless (i) Executive
provides Company with written notice of the existence of Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the occurrence thereof, (ii) Company
does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within thirty (30) days of receiving that written notice, and (iii) Executive
resigns Executives employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of that cure period.

9

(m) Intellectual Property means inventions, discoveries, developments, methods,
processes, compositions, works, concepts and ideas (whether or not patentable or copyrightable or constituting trade secrets) conceived,
made, created, developed or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or with others, whether or not during normal business
hours or on or off Company premises) during Executives employment that relate to either the Services or any prospective activity
of Company or that make use of Confidential Information or any of the equipment or facilities of Company.

(n) Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association,
a partnership, an estate, a trust, and any other entity or organization other than Company.

(o) Sale of Company means the sale of Company to an independent third Party or group
of independent third Parties pursuant to which such Party or Parties acquire: (i) equity interests possessing the voting power
under normal circumstances to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of Company (whether by merger,
consolidation or sale or transfer of such equity interests), or (ii) all or substantially all of Companys assets determined
on a consolidated basis.

(p) Services means all services planned, researched, developed, tested, manufactured,
sold, licensed, leased or otherwise distributed or put into use by Company, together with all products provided or planned by Company,
during Executives employment.

(q) Severance Period shall mean that number of years or partial years following termination
of Executives employment equal to the number of years or partial years of Base Salary that the Executive receives under Section
5(f).

(r) Term End Date shall mean the last day of the Term of this Employment Agreement.

12. Withholding. All payments made by Company under this Agreement may be reduced by any tax or other
amounts required to be withheld by Company under applicable law or by any amounts authorized in writing by Executive.

13. Assignment. Neither Company nor Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest
herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however,
that Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of Executive in the event of a Sale of Company.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators,
heirs and permitted assigns.

14. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executives employment will be
deemed to have terminated on the date of Executive separation from service (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)) with
Company.

(b) It is intended that this Agreement will comply with Section 409A of the Code, and any regulations
and guideline issued thereunder (Section 409A) to the extent that any compensation and benefits provided
hereunder constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with
this intent. The Parties will negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A in a manner
that preserves the original intent of the Parties to the extent reasonably possible. No action or failure to act, pursuant to this Section 14
shall subject Company to any claim, liability, or expense, and Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect
Executive from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(c) For purposes of the application of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(or any successor provision),
each payment in a series of payments will be deemed a separate payment.

10

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute
non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code would otherwise be payable or distributable
under this Agreement by reason of Executives separation from service during a period in which Executive is a specified Executive (as
defined under Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by
Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest),
or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes):

(i) if the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum, the Executives right to receive payment
or distribution of such non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the earlier of Executives death or the first day
of the seventh month following Executives separation from service; and

(ii) if the payment or distribution is payable over time, the amount of such non-exempt deferred compensation
that would otherwise be payable during the six months immediately following Executives separation from service will be accumulated,
and the Executives right to receive payment or distribution of such accumulated amount will be delayed until the earlier of Executives
death or the first day of the seventh month following Executives separation from service, whereupon the accumulated amount will
be paid or distributed to Executive and the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume.

This Section 14(d) should
not be construed to prevent the application of Treas. Reg 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(or any successor provision) to amounts
payable hereunder (or any portion thereof).

15. Golden Parachute Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Section or elsewhere in this
Agreement to the contrary, in the event the payments and benefits payable hereunder to or on behalf of Executive (which the Parties
agree will not include any portion of payments allocated to the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions of Section 9) that
are classified as payments of reasonable compensation for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, when added to all other amounts and
benefits payable to or on behalf of Executive, would result in the loss of a deduction under Code Section 280G, or the imposition
of an excise tax under Code Section 4999, the amounts and benefits payable hereunder shall be reduced to such extent as may be necessary
to avoid such loss of deduction or imposition of excise tax. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a manner consistent
with the requirements of Code Section 409A and where two or more economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction, but payable
at different times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis. All calculations required to be made under this subsection
will be made by the Companys independent public accountants, subject to the right of Executives professional advisors to
review the same. The Parties recognize that the actual implementation of the provisions of this subsection are complex and agree to deal
with each other in good faith to resolve any questions or disagreements arising hereunder.

16. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. Subject to Section 5(f), any successor to the Company (whether
direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys
business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement
in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.
For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business
and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 16 or which becomes bound by the terms
of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees

17. Clawback Provisions. Any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy (whether
in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts
that were paid to the Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and
in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

11

18. Indemnification. Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by law, for all
amounts (including, without limitation, judgments, fines, settlement payments, expenses and reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys
fees) incurred or paid by Executive in connection with any action, suit, investigation or proceeding, or threatened action, suit,
investigation or proceeding, arising out of or relating to the performance by Executive of services for, or the acting by Executive as
a director, officer or Executive of, Company, or any subsidiary of Company. Any fees or other necessary expenses incurred by Executive
in defending any such action, suit, investigation or proceeding shall be paid by Company in advance, subject to Companys right
to seek repayment from Executive if a determination is made that Executive was not entitled to indemnification.

19. Severability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement shall to any extent be declared illegal
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision
in the circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each
portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

20. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed
by the waiving Party. The failure of either Party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver
by either Party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed
a waiver of any subsequent breach.

21. Survival. Section 6 through and including Section 32 shall survive and continue in
full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of Executives employment (and hence the Term of
this Agreement) for any reason.

22. Notices. Any and all notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in Person, with respect to notices delivered personally, or upon confirmed receipt
when delivered by facsimile or deposited with a reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service and addressed or faxed to Executive
at Executives last known address on the books of Company or, in the case of Company, at its principal place of business, attention:
Secretary, Board of Directors.

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties (including
with respect to Company, its successors and assigns) with respect to Executives employment and supersedes all prior communications,
agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to the terms and conditions of Executives employment.

24. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by Executive
and by an expressly authorized representative of Company.

25. Headings. The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define
or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore, the delivery of a copy of such signature
by facsimile transmission or other electronic exchange methodology shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this
Agreement by such Party, and such electronic copy shall constitute an enforceable original document. Counterpart signatures need not be
on the same page and shall be deemed effective upon receipt.

27. Additional Obligations. Without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, Executives
obligations under Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9 are in addition to, and not in limitation of,
any obligations that Executive may have under applicable law (including any law regarding trade secrets, duty of loyalty, fiduciary
duty, unfair competition, unjust enrichment, slander, libel, conversion, misappropriation and fraud).

28. Attorneys Fees. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement,
the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses from the other Party to the action
or proceeding. For purposes of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be deemed to be that Party who obtains
substantially the result sought, whether by settlement, mediation, judgment or otherwise, and attorneys fees shall
include, without limitation, the reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees incurred in retaining counsel for advice, negotiations,
suit, appeal or other legal proceeding, including mediation and arbitration.

12

29. Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and each of its provisions
are and shall be treated strictly confidential. During the Term and thereafter, Executive shall not disclose any terms of this Agreement
to any Person or entity without the prior written consent of Company, with the exception of Executives tax, legal or accounting
advisors or for legitimate business purposes of Executive, or as otherwise required by law.

30. No Rule of Construction. This Agreement shall be construed to be neither against nor in favor of
any Party hereto based upon any Partys role in drafting this Agreement, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning hereof.

31. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.

32. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT EITHER MAY HAVE TO A
JURY TRIAL CONCERNING ANY CIVIL ACTION THAT MAY ARISE FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES HERETO.

33. Conditions. This Agreement and the Executives continued employment hereunder is conditional
on the Companys satisfaction (determined in the Companys sole discretion) that the Executive has met the legal requirements
to perform the Executives role, including but not limited to satisfactory results of a background and/or credit search or any other
applicable security clearance checks and criminal record checks and other reference checks that the Company performs. The Executive acknowledges
and agrees that in signing this Agreement, and providing the Company with the necessary documentation to perform the checks required for
the Executives role and with references, the Executive is providing consent to the Company or its agent, to performs such checks
and contact the references the Executive provided to the Company.

34. Prior Restrictions. By signing below, the Executive represents that the Executive is not bound
by the terms of any agreement with any Person which restricts in any way the Executives hiring by the Company and the performance
of the Executives expected job duties; the Executive also represents that, during the Executives employment with the Company,
the Executive shall not disclose or make use of any confidential information of any other persons or entities in violation of any of their
applicable policies or agreements and/or applicable law.

35. Independent Legal Counsel. By signing below, the Executive hereby acknowledges that the Executive
has been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Agreement, and that the Executive has either obtained
such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waives any objections or claims the Executive may make resulting from any failure
on the Executives part to obtain such advice.

36. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original when executed, but all of which taken together shall constitute the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective
as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been executed by Company (by its duly authorized representative) and by Executive, as of the date first above
written.

JANOVER INC.

By: 

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE:

PARKER WHITE

14

EXHIBIT A

Release of Claims

FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF the benefits to be
provided me in connection with the termination of my employment, as set forth in that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of April
15, 2025 (the Agreement), between me and Janover Inc. (the Company), or under any severance
pay plan applicable to me, which benefits are conditioned on my signing this Release of Claims and to which I am not otherwise entitled,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, I, on my own behalf and on
behalf of my heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, representatives and assigns, and all others connected with me, hereby release
and forever discharge Company and any of its subsidiaries and Affiliates (as that term is defined in Section 11(b) of the
Agreement) and all of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, trustees, equity holders, executives, agents,
managers, joint venturers, representatives, successors and assigns, and all others connected with any of them (collectively, the
Released Parties), both individually and in their official capacities, from any and all causes of action, rights
and claims of any type or description, known or unknown, which I have had in the past, now have, or might now have, through the date of
my signing of this Release of Claims, in any way resulting from, arising out of or connected with my employment by the Company or any
of its Affiliates or the termination of that employment, including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation arising under:
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
as amended (including the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act); the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended; the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act; Executive Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974; the Fair Labor Standards Act; any applicable Executive Orders; or their state or local counterparts; or under any
other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance; or under
any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law; or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company; or any
claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, intentional infliction of emotional distress or defamation; or any claim for costs,
fees or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters (all of the foregoing collectively referred to
herein as Claims), other than (i) the right to payment of any vested or accrued benefits under any supplemental
compensation, insurance, retirement and/or other benefit plan or agreement applicable to Executive, (ii) the right to payment
of any amounts owed to me by Company pursuant to Section 5 of the Agreement, (iii) any rights under applicable workers
compensation or unemployment compensation laws, (iv) any rights that survive termination of my employment pursuant to an restricted
stock units/options grant agreement or certificate to purchase the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock, (v) any
rights with respect to the Companys (or an Affiliates) capital stock owned by Executive, or (vi) any
rights to indemnification under the Agreement, the Companys by-laws or any other applicable law.

In signing this Release of Claims, I acknowledge
my understanding that I may not sign it prior to the termination of my employment, but that I may consider the terms of this Release of
Claims for up to twenty-one (21) days (or such longer period as the Company may specify) from the later of the date
my employment with the Company terminates or the date I receive this Release of Claims. I also acknowledge that I am advised by the Company
and its Affiliates to seek the advice of an attorney prior to signing this Release of Claims; that I have had sufficient time to consider
this Release of Claims and to consult with an attorney, if I wished to do so, or to consult with any other Person of my choosing before
signing; and that I am signing this Release of Claims voluntarily and with a full understanding of its terms.

I represent that I have not filed against the
Released Parties any complaints, charges, or lawsuits arising out of my employment, or any other matter arising on or prior to the date
of this Release of Claims, and covenant and agree that I will never individually or with any Person file, or commence the filing of, any
charges, lawsuits, complaints or proceedings with any governmental agency, or against the Released Parties with respect to any of the
matters released by me pursuant to this Release of Claims.

A-1

I further acknowledge that, in signing this Release
of Claims, I have not relied on any promises or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the Agreement.
I understand that I may revoke this Release of Claims at any time within seven (7) days of the date of my signing by written
notice to the Secretary, Board of Directors of the Company (or such other Person as the Company may specify by notice to me given
in accordance with the Agreement) and that this Release of Claims will take effect only upon the expiration of such seven-day revocation
period and only if I have not timely revoked it.

Intending to be legally bound, I have signed this
Release of Claims as of the date written below.

Signature: 

Name: 

Date Signed: 

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41748

Entity Registrant Name JANOVER INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805526

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2676794

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6401 Congress Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33487

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 559-4111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol JNVR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://janover.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238319-8k_janover.htm 
jnvr-20250409.xsd 
jnvr-20250409_lab.xml 
jnvr-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032193-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0238319-8k_janover_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805526 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001805526 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
JANOVER INC. 
DE 
001-41748 
83-2676794 
6401 Congress Avenue 
Suite 250 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33487 
561 
559-4111 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
JNVR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>