<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-053978.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-053978.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313164030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-053978
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819790
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				814717861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39614
		FILM NUMBER:		25736445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15440 LAGUNA CANYON ROAD
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 409-9820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15440 LAGUNA CANYON ROAD
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d901047d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000181979000018197902025-03-122025-03-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025

TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-39614 81-4717861

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

15440 Laguna Canyon Road, Suite 160 

Irvine, CA 92618

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (949)418-1801

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share TARS 

The Nasdaq Global Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 12, 2025, Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Barclays Capital Inc., acting as representatives of the underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters), relating to the sale of 2,808,988 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Offering). The price to the public in the Offering is $44.50 per share. The Underwriters have agreed to purchase the shares from the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement at a price of $41.83 per share. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 421,348 shares. The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $117.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated Offering expenses payable by the Company, assuming no exercise by the Underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares of common stock. The transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement are expected to close on March 14, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The Offering was made pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 29, 2024, which became automatically effective upon filing (File No. 333-277523) and the prospectus included therein (the Registration Statement), a preliminary prospectus supplement, dated March 12, 2025, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and a final prospectus supplement, dated March 12, 2025, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. A copy of the Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by such exhibit hereto. 

The Underwriting Agreement is attached hereto as an exhibit to provide interested persons with information regarding its terms, but is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of the Underwriting Agreement as of specific dates indicated therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Underwriting Agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures exchanged between the parties in connection with the execution of the Underwriting Agreement. 

The legal opinion, including the related consent, of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the securities in the Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report. 

This Current Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties, such as statements related to the anticipated closing of the Offering and the amount of net proceeds expected from the Offering. The risks and uncertainties involved include the Companys ability to satisfy certain conditions to closing on a timely basis or at all, as well as other risks detailed from time to time in the Companys SEC filings. 

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press release to announce a proposed offering of $100.0 million of shares pursuant to the Registration Statement (the Offering Press Release). A copy of the Offering Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

On March 12, 2025, the Company also issued a press release to announce that it had priced an upsized $125.0 million offering (the Pricing Press Release). A copy of the Pricing Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 12, 2025, by and among the Company, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Barclays Capital Inc. 

5.1 Opinion and Consent of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

99.1 Press release issued by the Company, dated March 12, 2025, titled Tarsus Announces Proposed $100.0 Million Public Offering. 

99.2 Press release issued by the Company, dated March 12, 2025, titled Tarsus Announces Pricing of Upsized $125.0 Million Public Offering. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 13, 2025 Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey S. Farrow

Jeffrey S. Farrow

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d901047dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(a
Delaware corporation) 

2,808,988 Shares of Common Stock 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

Dated:
March 12, 2025 

TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

2,808,988 Shares of Common Stock 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

March 12, 2025 

Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

as Representatives of the several Underwriters 

c/o 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New
York 10036 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, NY
10019 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Tarsus
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (Goldman), BofA Securities, Inc. (BofA), Barclays Capital Inc.
(Barclays) and each of the other underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (collectively, the Underwriters, which term shall also include any underwriter substituted as hereinafter provided in Section 10
hereof), for whom Goldman, BofA and Barclays are acting as representatives (in such capacity, the Representatives), with respect to (i) the sale by the Company and the purchase by the Underwriters, acting severally and not
jointly, of the respective numbers of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock) set forth in Schedule A hereto and (ii) the grant by the Company to the Underwriters, acting
severally and not jointly, of the option described in Section 2(b) hereof to purchase all or any part of 421,348 additional shares of Common Stock. The aforesaid 2,808,988 shares of Common Stock (the Initial Securities) to be
purchased by the Underwriters and all or any part of the 421,348 shares of Common Stock subject to the option described in Section 2(b) hereof (the Option Securities) are herein called, collectively, the
Securities. 

The Company understands that the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of the Securities as soon
as the Representatives deem advisable after this underwriting agreement (the Agreement) has been executed and delivered. 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277523), covering the public offering and sale of certain
securities, including the Securities, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the 1933 Act Regulations), which automatic shelf
registration statement became effective under Rule 462(e) under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 462(e)). Such registration statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments
thereto to such time, including the exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3
under the 1933 Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 430B), and is referred to herein as the Registration
Statement; provided, however, that the Registration Statement without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale
for the Securities, which time shall be considered the new effective date of such registration statement with respect to the Securities within the meaning of paragraph (f)(2) of Rule 430B, including the exhibits and schedules thereto as
of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as
of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. Each preliminary prospectus used in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act, are collectively referred to herein as a preliminary prospectus. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file a final
prospectus relating to the Securities in accordance with the provisions of Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 424(b)). The final prospectus, in the form first furnished or made available to the Underwriters for use
in connection with the offering of the Securities, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act, are collectively
referred to herein as the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed
to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (or any successor system) (EDGAR). 

As used in this Agreement: 

Applicable Time means 7:00 P.M., New York City time, on March 12, 2025 or such other time as agreed by
the Company and the Representatives. 

General Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectuses issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the most recent preliminary prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein by reference) that is distributed to investors prior to the Applicable Time and the information
included on Schedule B-1 hereto, all considered together. 

Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in
Rule 405 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 405)) relating to the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the
meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the offering that
does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g). 

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for
general distribution to prospective investors, as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule B-2 hereto. 

2 

Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus. 

Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of, or Rule 163B under,
the 1933 Act. 

Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication
that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the 1933 Act. 

All references in this Agreement to financial
statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the
Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus shall include the
filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the 1934 Regulations), which is incorporated by reference in or
otherwise deemed by 1933 Act Regulations to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, such preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof, the
Applicable Time, the Closing Time (as defined below) and any Date of Delivery (as defined below), and agrees with each Underwriter, as follows: 

(i) Registration Statement and Prospectuses. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined in Rule 405) and the Securities have been and remain eligible for registration by the Company
on such automatic shelf registration statement. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective under the 1933 Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the 1933 Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. 

Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of its effectiveness and at each
deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the 1933 Act Regulations, the Applicable Time, the Closing Time and any Date of Delivery complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations. Each preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, at the time each was filed with the Commission, and, in each case, at the Applicable Time, the Closing
Time and any Date of Delivery complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1933 Act Regulations. Each preliminary prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this offering
and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3 

The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus, when they became effective or at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations. 

(ii) Accurate Disclosure. Neither the Registration Statement nor any
amendment thereto, at its effective time, on the date hereof, at the Closing Time or at any Date of Delivery, contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the Applicable Time, the Closing Time and any Date of Delivery, none of (A) the General Disclosure Package, (B) any individual Issuer Limited Use Free
Writing Prospectus, when considered together with the General Disclosure Package and (C) any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, when considered
together with the General Disclosure Package, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Time or at any Date
of Delivery, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, at the time the Registration Statement became effective or when such
documents incorporated by reference were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, when read together with the other information in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, did not and
will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

The representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration
Statement (or any amendment thereto), the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the
Representatives expressly for use therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the only information so furnished shall be the discount figure appearing in the fifth paragraph under the caption Underwriting and the information contained in
the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth paragraphs under the caption Underwriting. 

(iii) Issuer Free Writing
Prospectuses. No Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein, and any preliminary or other
prospectus deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified. The representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance upon and in
conformity with the Underwriter Information. 

4 

(iv) Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (A) At the original
effectiveness of the Registration Statement, (B) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the 1933 Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated
report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act or form of prospectus), (C) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the 1933 Act) made any offer
relating to the Securities in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 under the 1933 Act, and (D) as of the Applicable Time, the Company was and is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405). 

(v) Testing-the-Waters Materials. The
Company (A) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representatives with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
1933 Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the 1933 Act or, in the case of Testing-the-Waters Communications made in
reliance on Rule 163B, with entities that the Company reasonably believes are qualified institutional buyers or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 163B under the 1933 Act and (B) has not authorized anyone
other than the Representatives to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representatives have been authorized to act on its behalf
in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B-3 hereto. 

(vi) Company Not Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the 1933 Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not
and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. 

(vii) Reserved. 

(viii) Independent Accountants. The accountants who certified the financial statements and supporting schedules, if any,
included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act, the 1934 Act Regulations and the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

(ix) Financial Statements. The financial statements incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related schedules and notes, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The supporting schedules, if any, present fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP the
information required to be stated therein. Except as incorporated by reference therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the 1934 Act or the 1934 Act Regulations. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

5 

(x) No Material Adverse Change in Business. Except as otherwise
stated therein, since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (A) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise,
or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect), (B) there
have been no transactions entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than those in the ordinary course of business, which are material with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, and
(C) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock. 

(xi) Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether
by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xii) Good Standing of Subsidiaries. The Company has no subsidiaries. 

(xiii) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are as set forth in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (except for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to this Agreement, pursuant to reservations, agreements or employee benefit plans referred to in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or pursuant to the exercise of convertible securities or options referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus). The outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of the
preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company that have not been complied with or validly waived. 

(xiv) Authorization of Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(xv) Authorization and Description of Securities. The Securities to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company
have been duly authorized for issuance and sale to the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement against payment of the consideration set forth herein, will be validly issued and
fully paid and non-assessable; and the issuance of the Securities is not subject to the preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company. The Common Stock conforms, in all material
respects, to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and such description conforms, in all material respects, to the rights set forth in the instruments defining the
same. No holder of Securities will be subject to personal liability solely by reason of being such a holder. 

(xvi)
Registration Rights. There are no persons with registration rights or other similar rights to have any securities registered for sale pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise registered for sale or sold by the Company under the
1933 Act pursuant to this Agreement other than those rights that have been waived. 

6 

(xvii) Absence of Violations, Defaults and Conflicts. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (A) in violation of its charter, by-laws or similar organizational document, (B) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement,
covenant or condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may
be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company or any subsidiary is subject (collectively, Agreements and Instruments), except for such defaults that would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (C) in violation of any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of any arbitrator, court, governmental body, regulatory body, administrative agency or other authority,
body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, assets or operations (each, a Governmental Entity), except for such violations that would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described therein under the caption Use of Proceeds) and compliance by the Company
with its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict with or constitute a breach of, or default or
Repayment Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or assets of the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to, the Agreements and Instruments (except for such
conflicts, breaches, defaults or Repayment Events or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect), nor will such action result in any violation of
(x) the provisions of the charter, by-laws or similar organizational document of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (y) any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ or decree of
any Governmental Entity, except, in the case of clause (y), for such violations as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used herein, a Repayment Event means any event
or condition which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(xviii) Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent, and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or any subsidiarys principal suppliers,
manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, in either case, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(xix) Absence of Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any Governmental Entity (including, without limitation, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) and the European Medicines
Agency (the EMA)) now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, or which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect their respective properties or assets or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the performance by the Company of its
obligations hereunder; and the aggregate of all pending legal or governmental actions, suits, inquiries, investigations or proceedings to which the Company or any such subsidiary is a party or of which any of their respective properties or assets is
the subject which are not described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, including ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

7 

(xx) Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no contracts or documents which
are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have not been so described and filed as required. 

(xxi) Absence of Further Requirements. No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order,
registration, qualification or decree of, any Governmental Entity is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities hereunder or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except such as have been already obtained or as may be required under the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act Regulations, the rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, state securities laws or the
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). 

(xxii) Possession of Licenses
and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, clearances, certificates, consents and other authorizations issued by the appropriate Governmental Entities necessary to conduct the business as described
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (collectively, Governmental Licenses), except where the failure so to possess would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. All such Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would
not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such
Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are, and at all
times have been, in compliance with all statutes, rules and regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or
distributed by them (Applicable Laws), except where such noncompliance would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) have not received any FDA Form 483, written
notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with (x) any Applicable Laws or
(y) any Governmental Licenses required by any such Applicable Laws, except where being in contravention of any of the foregoing representations or warranties, singly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(xxiii) Title to Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all
real property owned by them and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except such as (A) are
described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (B) do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to
be made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of
any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such subsidiary to the continued
possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease. 

8 

(xxiv) Possession of Intellectual Property. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its subsidiaries own or possess, have a valid license to, or can acquire on reasonable terms, all patents, patent applications, statutory invention rights, community designs,
invention disclosures, rights in utility models and industrial designs, inventions, registered and unregistered copyrights (including copyrights in software), trademarks, service marks, business names, trade names, logos, slogans, trade dress,
design rights, Internet domain names, social media accounts, any other designations of source or origin, intellectual property rights in technology, software, data and know how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable
proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), and any applications (including provisional applications), registrations, or renewals for any of the foregoing, together with the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing, rights
to publicity and privacy and/or other intellectual property (collectively, Intellectual Property) necessary to carry on the business now operated by them and as proposed to be operated as described in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of nor has engaged in any infringement,
misappropriation or other violation of or conflict regarding any Intellectual Property of any third party, (ii) there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim regarding the subject matter of the foregoing clause (i), and
(iii) the Company and its subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim. (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, all Intellectual
Property owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (such Intellectual Property, the Company Intellectual Property) is subsisting, and to the Companys knowledge, valid and enforceable,
(b) there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by any third party challenging the Companys or any of its subsidiaries rights in, or the validity, ownership, registrability, enforceability or scope of, any
such Company Intellectual Property (with the exception of ordinary course office actions in connection with applications for the registration or issuance of such Intellectual Property) and (c) the Company and its subsidiaries are unaware of any
facts or circumstances which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim. No third party is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating any of the Company Intellectual Property and there is no pending or threatened action, suit,
proceeding or claim by the Company or any of its subsidiaries against a third party regarding the foregoing. (1) The Company and its subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which
Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or its subsidiaries, (2) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice alleging any such noncompliance and are unaware of any facts or circumstances which
would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, and (3) all such agreements are in full force and effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Intellectual Property has been obtained or is being
used by the Company or its subsidiaries in violation of any material contractual obligations binding on the Company or such subsidiaries or in violation of any contractual rights of any person. All filing actions and registration, maintenance,
annuity and renewal fees needed to be taken, met or paid in order to prosecute or maintain the Company Intellectual Property have been timely taken, met or paid, and there are no material defects with respect to any such filings, payments or
actions. Each person who is or was an employee or contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and who is, was or is expected to be involved in the creation or development of any Intellectual Property for or on behalf of the Company or such
subsidiaries has executed a valid written agreement effectively assigning to the Company or any of its subsidiaries all of such persons rights in and to such Intellectual Property and no employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in
or has ever been in violation of any term of any agreement with or covenant to a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or actions undertaken by the
employee while employed with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps necessary to maintain and protect the confidentiality of the material trade secrets and other material confidential
Company Intellectual Property and non-exclusively-licensed Intellectual Property used in connection with the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, the
confidentiality of such material trade secrets and material confidential Intellectual Property has not been compromised or disclosed to or accessed by any third party except pursuant to appropriate nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements. No
university, military, educational institution, research center, Governmental Authority or other organization has funded, contributed to or sponsored research and development conducted in connection with the business of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries that (i) has any claim of right to, ownership of or other lien on any Company Intellectual Property or (ii) would affect the proprietary nature of any Company Intellectual Property or restrict the ability of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries to enforce, license or exclude others from using any Company Intellectual Property. 

9 

(xxv) Environmental Laws. Except as would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code,
policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health and safety (including occupational
health and safety), sustainability, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), natural resources or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations
relating to the release or threatened release of, or exposure to, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, radioactive substances, petroleum, petroleum products, asbestos-containing materials,
polychlorinated biphenyls, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, greenhouse gases or mold (collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport, discharge, emission or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations, registrations and approvals required
under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,
claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law or Hazardous Materials against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (D) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no
events or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or Governmental Entity, against or
affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

10 

(xxvi) Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls. The Company and
each of its subsidiaries maintain effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13-a15 and 15d-15 under the 1934 Act Regulations) and a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (D) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (E) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and
guidelines applicable thereto. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (1) no material weakness in
the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (2) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially and adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially and adversely affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company maintains an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 and
Rule 15d-15 under the 1934 Act Regulations) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal
financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

(xxvii) Compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

(xxviii) Payment of Taxes. All United States federal, state, local and non-U.S.
tax returns of the Company and its subsidiaries required by law to be filed have been filed as of the date hereof (after giving effect to any extensions provided by law that have been requested) and all taxes due or otherwise assessed (whether or
not reported on such returns), have been paid, except assessments which are being contested in good faith by the Company and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP by the Company except insofar as the failure to pay
such taxes would not reasonably be expected, singly or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The United States federal, state, local and non-U.S. income tax returns of the Company and its
subsidiaries through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 have been settled and no assessment in connection therewith has been made against the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all other
tax returns that are required to have been filed by them pursuant to applicable foreign, federal, state, local or other law except insofar as the failure to file such returns would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse
Effect, and has paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company and its subsidiaries, except for such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been
established by the Company and except insofar as the failure to pay such taxes would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in
respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or re-assessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined,
except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

11 

(xxix) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries carry or are
entitled to the benefits of insurance, with financially sound and reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks as is generally maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar business and at the same or
similar stage of development, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any of its subsidiaries will not be able (A) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies
expire or (B) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been denied any insurance coverage which it has sought or for which it has applied. 

(xxx) Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein
contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

(xxxi) Absence of Manipulation. Neither the
Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any affiliate of the Company has taken, nor will the Company or any affiliate take, directly or indirectly, any action which is designed, or would reasonably be expected, to cause or result in, or which
constitutes, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities or to result in a violation of Regulation M under the 1934 Act. 

(xxxii) Anti-Corruption Laws. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
director or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would
result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws (collectively,
Anti-Corruption Laws), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of
any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate
for foreign political office, in contravention of the Anti-Corruption Laws and the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and have instituted and maintain
policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(xxxiii) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and
regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or
before any Governmental Entity involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

12 

(xxxiv) OFAC. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any
director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, employee, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a Person currently the subject or target of any
sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; and the
Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other Person, to fund any activities of or business
with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as
underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(xxxv) Outbound Investment Security Program. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in 31 C.F.R. 850.209. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries currently engages, or has plans to engage, directly or indirectly, in a
covered activity, as that term is defined in in 31 C.F.R. 850.208 (Covered Activity). The Company does not have any joint ventures that engages in or plans to engage in any Covered Activity. The Company also
does not, directly or indirectly, hold a board seat on, have a voting or equity interest in, or have any contractual power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of any person or persons that engages or plans to engage in any
Covered Activity. 

(xxxvi) Lending Relationship. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, theCompany (i) does not have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Underwriter and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds
from the sale of the Securities to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Underwriter. 

(xxxvii)
Statistical and Market-Related Data. Any statistical and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after
reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate in all material respects and, to the extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources. 

13 

(xxxviii) Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Protection.
(A) There has been no security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise of or relating to the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software,
data and databases (including personally identifiable information or protected health information as required by any Health Care Laws and the data and information of their respective patients, customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third
party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company or its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and
Data); (B) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have been notified of, nor have any knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure
of or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data and, to the Companys knowledge, no Person has claimed or threatened to claim compensation from the Company or any of its subsidiaries for breaches of IT Systems and Data; and (C) the
Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards designed to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy, disaster recovery and security of their IT
Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable Data Protection Laws, Health Care Laws and regulatory standards, except with respect to clauses (A) and (B), for any such security breach
or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise, as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The IT Systems and Data are adequate and operational for, in accordance with
their documentation and functional specifications, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as now operated and as currently proposed to be operated as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data, including the collection, use, transfer, processing, disposal, disclosure, handling, storage and analysis of personally
identifiable information, protected health information, consumer information and other confidential information of the Company, its subsidiaries and any third parties in their possession (Sensitive Company Data), and to the
protection of such IT Systems and Data and Sensitive Company Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. The Company and its subsidiaries have not received any written notice, claim, complaint, demand or letter from any
Person or Governmental Authority in respect of their businesses under applicable Data Protection Laws (as defined below) and regulations and industry standards regarding misuse, loss, unauthorized destruction or unauthorized disclosure of any
Sensitive Company Data. To the Companys knowledge, there has been no unauthorized or illegal use of or access to any Sensitive Company Data by any third party. The Company and its subsidiaries have not been required to notify any individual or
data protection authority of any information security breach, compromise or incident involving Sensitive Company Data and, to the Companys knowledge, are not the subject of any inquiry or investigation by any Governmental Authority or data
protection authority regarding any of the foregoing. 

Data Protection Laws means (a) all applicable
laws related to data privacy, data protection or data security (including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Regulation (EU) 2016/79 of the European Parliament and of the Council (General Data Protection Regulation) and
any implementation acts related thereto and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act), and the requirements and guidance set forth in regulations, guidelines and agreements containing consent orders
published by regulatory authorities such as the Federal Trade Commission, Federal Communications Commission, the FDA, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and applicable European Union data protection authorities, in each case of the
foregoing, as amended, replaced or updated from time to time; (b) all privacy policies of the Company and its subsidiaries; and (c) all third party privacy policies that the Company or any of its subsidiaries has been or is contractually
obligated to comply with. 

(xxxix) No Rated Securities. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have any debt
securities or preferred stock that are rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act). 

14 

(xl) ERISA Compliance. Except as would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company and its subsidiaries and any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the
regulations and published interpretations promulgated thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) for which the Company, its subsidiaries or its or their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) would have any liability (each, a
Plan) are in compliance in all respects with ERISA and each Plan has been established and maintained in compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not
limited to, ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code), (B) no reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is
reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Plan, (C) no Plan, if such Plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA), as the fair market value of the assets under each Plan
(excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such Plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan), (D) neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of
its or their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any obligation or liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any Plan, (ii) Sections 412 and 430, 4971, 4975
or 4980B of the Code or (iii) Sections 302 and 303, 406, 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, (E) each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to
act, which would cause the loss of such qualification, (F) there is no pending audit or investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other governmental or foreign
regulatory entity or agency with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and (G) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have any accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligations (within the meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 106). ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in
Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code of which the Company or such subsidiary is a member. 

(xli)
Regulatory Matters. (i) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries has received any written notice of adverse finding, warning letter,
untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from the FDA, the EMA or other relevant regulatory authorities, or any other court or arbitrator or federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority, alleging or asserting
material noncompliance with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the FFDCA), the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 
1320a-7h), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), all criminal laws relating to
health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.),
Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act), and any and all other similar state, federal or foreign law or regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, including all laws and regulations
applicable to ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, sale, storage, import, export or disposal of the Companys product and product candidates, each as amended from time to time (collectively,
Health Care Laws); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been in material compliance with applicable Health Care Laws; (iii) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries received written notice of any claim,
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, state, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, governmental
or regulatory agency or body, court, arbitrator or self-regulatory organization (each, a Governmental Authority) or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Health Care Laws and, to the
Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action is threatened; (iv) the Company and its subsidiaries have filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by applicable Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and
supplements or amendments were complete, correct and not misleading on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); (v) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers,
employees or agents is or has been debarred, suspended or excluded, or has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct that would result in a debarment, suspension or exclusion from any federal or state government health care program or,
to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion; and (vi) the Company is not a party to
and the Company does not have any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to, any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, plans of correction or similar agreements
with or imposed by an Governmental Authority. 

15 

(xlii) Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials. The preclinical
studies and clinical trials conducted by, on behalf of or sponsored by the Company or its subsidiaries, or in which the Company or its subsidiaries has participated, that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as applicable, were, and if still pending are, being conducted in accordance with the experimental protocols established for each study or trial, as well as any conditions of approval and
policies imposed by any institutional review board, ethics review board or committee responsible for the oversight of such preclinical studies and clinical trials, and all applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations of the FDA,
the EMA and comparable drug regulatory agencies outside of the United States to which they are subject (such institutional review boards, ethics review boards, committees, the FDA, the EMA or any comparable regulatory agencies, collectively, the
Regulatory Authorities) and all other applicable Health Care Laws, except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; the descriptions in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus of the results of such studies and trials are accurate and not misleading in all material respects with respect to the portions of such studies and trials being described and fairly present the data
derived from such studies or trials in all material respects; the Company has no knowledge of any other preclinical studies or clinical trials not described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
results of which would reasonably call into question in any material respect the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus when viewed in the
context in which such results are described and the current state of development; neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have received any written notice, correspondence or other communications from the Regulatory Authorities requiring or
threatening (i) the termination or suspension or clinical hold of any preclinical studies or clinical trials that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, or (ii) the material modification of any preclinical studies or clinical trials that would cause them to materially differ from their descriptions in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
other than ordinary course communications with respect to modifications in connection with the design and implementation of such preclinical studies or clinical trials, and, to the Companys knowledge, there are no reasonable grounds for the
same. 

16 

(xliii) Health Care Products Manufacturing. The manufacture of the
Companys and its subsidiaries product and product candidates by or on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries is being conducted in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Health Care Laws, including, without
limitation, the FDAs current good manufacturing practice regulations, and, to the extent applicable, the respective counterparts thereof promulgated by governmental authorities in countries outside the United States. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has had any manufacturing site (whether Company-owned, subsidiary-owned or that of a third party manufacturer for the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates) subject to a Governmental Authority
(including FDA or EMA) shutdown or import or export prohibition, nor received any FDA, EMA or other Governmental Authority warning letters, or untitled letters alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable
Health Care Laws, requests to make material changes to the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates, processes or operations, or similar correspondence or notice from the FDA, EMA or other Governmental Authority
alleging or asserting material noncompliance with any applicable Health Care Laws, other than those that have been satisfactorily addressed and/or closed with the FDA, EMA or other Governmental Authority. To the knowledge of the Company, neither the
FDA, EMA or any other Governmental Authority is considering such action. 

(xliv) No Safety Notices. (i) There
have been no material recalls, field notifications, field corrections, market withdrawals or replacements, warnings, dear doctor letters, investigator notices, safety alerts or other notice of action relating to an alleged lack of
safety, efficacy, or regulatory compliance of the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates (Safety Notices) and (ii) there are no facts that would be reasonably likely to result in (x) a
material Safety Notice with respect to the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates, or (y) a material change in labeling of any of the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates or
(z) a termination or suspension of marketing or testing of any of the Companys or its subsidiaries product or product candidates. 

(b) Officers Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries delivered to the
Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby. 

SECTION 2. Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing. 

(a) Initial Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company, at the price per share set forth in Schedule A, that number of
Initial Securities set forth in Schedule A opposite the name of such Underwriter, plus any additional number of Initial Securities which such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to the provisions of Section 10 hereof,
subject, in each case, to such adjustments among the Underwriters as the Representatives in their sole discretion shall make to eliminate any sales or purchases of fractional shares. 

17 

(b) Option Securities. In addition, on the basis of the representations and
warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, to purchase up to an additional 421,348 shares of Common Stock, at the price
per share set forth in Schedule A, less an amount per share equal to any dividends or distributions declared by the Company and payable on the Initial Securities but not payable on the Option Securities. The option hereby granted may be exercised
for 30 days after the date hereof and may be exercised in whole or in part at any time and from time to time upon notice by the Representatives to the Company setting forth the number of Option Securities as to which the several Underwriters
are then exercising the option and the time and date of payment and delivery for such Option Securities. Any such time and date of delivery (a Date of Delivery) shall be determined by the Representatives, but shall not be later
than seven full business days after the exercise of said option, nor in any event prior to the Closing Time. If the option is exercised as to all or any portion of the Option Securities, each of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly,
will purchase that proportion of the total number of Option Securities then being purchased which the number of Initial Securities set forth in Schedule A opposite the name of such Underwriter bears to the total number of Initial Securities,
subject, in each case, to such adjustments as the Representatives in their sole discretion shall make to eliminate any sales or purchases of fractional shares. 

(c) Payment. Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of certificates or security entitlements for, the Initial Securities shall
be made at the offices of Cooley LLP, 3 Embarcadero Center, 20th Floor, San Francisco, California 94111, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company, at 9:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the second
(third, if the pricing occurs after 4:30 P.M. (New York City time) on any given day) business day after the date hereof (unless postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10), or such other time not later than ten business days
after such date as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the Company (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called the Closing Time). 

In addition, in the event that any or all of the Option Securities are purchased by the Underwriters, payment of the purchase price for, and
delivery of certificates or security entitlements for, such Option Securities shall be made at the above-mentioned offices, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representatives and the
Company, on each Date of Delivery as specified in the notice from the Representatives to the Company. 

Payment shall be made to the
Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated by the Company against delivery to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of certificates or security entitlements for the Securities
to be purchased by them. It is understood that each Underwriter has authorized the Representatives, for its account, to accept delivery of, receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Initial Securities and the Option Securities, if
any, which it has agreed to purchase. Each of the Representatives, individually and not as a representative of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment of the purchase price for the Initial Securities or the Option
Securities, if any, to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds have not been received by the Closing Time or the relevant Date of Delivery, as the case may be, but such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from its obligations hereunder.

18 

SECTION 3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants with each Underwriter as
follows: 

(a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b), will comply
with the requirements of Rule 430B, and will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing (which may be by email), (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective or any amendment
or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed, (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission, (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein, or for additional information, (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of
any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the 1933 Act concerning the Registration Statement and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the
1933 Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. The Company will effect all filings required under Rule 424(b), in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and will take such
steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company
will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof as soon as practicable. The Company shall pay the required Commission filing fees
relating to the Securities within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the 1933 Act Regulations (including, if
applicable, by updating the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii) either in a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or on the cover page of or as exhibit to a prospectus filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b)). 

(b) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the 1933 Act, the 1933 Act
Regulations, the 1934 Act and the 1934 Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at
any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the 1933 Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the 1933 Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the
Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement
will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus in order that the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading
in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with
the requirements of the 1933 Act or the 1933 Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representatives notice of such event, (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or
to make the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representatives with copies of any such amendment or
supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall object. The
Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings made pursuant to the 1934 Act or 1934 Act
Regulations within 24 hours prior to the Applicable Time; the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with copies of any
such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

19 

(c) Delivery of Registration Statements. The Company has furnished or will deliver to
the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, if requested, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein
and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, if requested, without charge, a conformed copy of the
Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the
electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of each preliminary
prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the 1933 Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period when a prospectus
relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request.
The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts, in
cooperation with the Underwriters, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representatives may designate and to maintain such
qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a
dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. 

(f) Rule 158. The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the 1934 Act as are necessary in order to make generally available
to its securityholders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide to the Underwriters the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the 1933 Act. 

(g) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the sale of the Securities in the manner specified in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. 

(h) Listing. The
Company will use its reasonable best efforts to effect and maintain the listing of the Common Stock (including the Securities) on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or Nasdaq Global Market. 

20 

(i) Restriction on Sale of Securities. During a period of 90 days from the date of
the Prospectus (the Lock-Up Period), the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell,
sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Common Stock or file or confidentially submit any registration statement under the 1933 Act with respect to any of the foregoing, (ii) enter into any swap, hedging or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in
whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Common Stock, whether any such swap or transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other securities, in
cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing described in clauses (i) and (ii). The foregoing sentence shall not apply to (A) the Securities to be sold hereunder, (B) any shares of Common
Stock issued by the Company upon the exercise (including any net exercise or exercise by delivery of already-owned shares of Common Stock) of an option or warrant or the conversion of a security, in each case, outstanding on the date hereof and
referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (C) the reacquisition or withholding of all or a portion of shares of Common Stock subject to a stock award to satisfy a tax withholding obligation of
the Company in connection with the vesting or exercise of such stock award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of such stock award, (D) the grant of compensatory equity-based awards, and/or the issuance of shares of Common Stock
with respect thereto, made pursuant to compensatory equity-based plans referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (E) any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to any non-employee director compensation plan or program or dividend reinvestment plan referred to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (F) the filing of a registration
statement on Form S-8 or any successor form thereto with respect to the registration of securities to be offered under any employee benefit or equity incentive plans of the Company referred to in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (G) the issuance of shares of Common Stock, restricted stock awards or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock in
connection with (i) the acquisition of the securities, business, property or other assets of another Person or pursuant to any employee benefit plan assumed in connection with any such acquisition, (ii) joint ventures,
(iii) commercial relationships or (iv) other strategic transactions, provided that the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, restricted stock awards and shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion, exercise
or exchange of securities (on an as converted or as exercised basis, as the case may be) issued pursuant to this clause (G) shall not exceed 5% of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately following the
issuance and sale of the Securities at the Closing Time pursuant hereto, provided, further, that each recipient of shares of Common Stock, restricted stock awards or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of
Common Stock pursuant to this clause agrees to be bound by the terms of the lock-up or shall execute a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of
Exhibit A hereto, or (H) beginning on the 61st day from the date of the Prospectus, shares of Common Stock sold pursuant to that certain Open Market Sale AgreementSM by and between the Registrant and Jefferies LLC (provided that no public filings regarding such sales or announcement regarding such sales shall be required or be voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period). 

(j) [Reserved]. 

(k) Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception
afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the 1934 Act within the time periods required by the 1934 Act and 1934 Act Regulations. 

(l) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it
will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the
Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representatives will be deemed to have consented to the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses listed on Schedule B-2 hereto and any road
show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been reviewed by the Representatives. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing prospectus consented to,
or deemed consented to, by the Representatives as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely
filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, which has not been superseded or modified, any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and will
promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to notify the Representatives of any
statements or omissions in the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus prepared or authorized by the Company made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information. 

21 

(m) [Reserved]. 

(n) Testing-the-Waters Materials. If at any time
following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representatives and, if so determined by the Company and the Representatives in their reasonable
judgment, will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission;
provided, however, that this covenant shall not apply to any statements or omissions in a Written Testing-the-Waters Communication prepared or authorized by the Company
made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriter Information. 

SECTION 4. Payment of Expenses. 

(a) Expenses. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, including (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and each amendment thereto, (ii) the preparation, printing and delivery to the
Underwriters of copies of each preliminary prospectus, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto and any reasonable costs associated with electronic delivery of any of the foregoing by the
Underwriters to investors, (iii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates or security entitlements for the Securities to the Underwriters, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon
the sale, issuance or delivery of the Securities, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors, (v) subject to the limitation set forth in clause (viii) below, the qualification of the
Securities under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(e) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith and in connection with the
preparation of the Blue Sky Survey and any supplement thereto, (vi) the fees and expenses of any transfer agent or registrar for the Securities, (vii) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any
road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the Securities, including without limitation, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged by the Company
in connection with the road show presentations, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives and officers of the Company and any such consultants and 50% of the cost of aircraft and other transportation chartered in connection with the road
show, if any (it being understood that the Underwriters will pay or cause to be paid the travel and lodging expenses of their representatives), (viii) the filing fees incident to, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Underwriters in connection with, the review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Securities; provided that the amount payable by the Company pursuant to this clause (viii) and clause (v) above shall not exceed $30,000 in the aggregate,
(ix) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Securities on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and (x) the costs and expenses (including, without limitation, any damages or other amounts payable in connection with
legal or contractual liability) associated with the reforming of any contracts for sale of the Securities made by the Underwriters caused by a breach of the representation contained in the third sentence of Section 1(a)(ii). 

22 

(b) Termination of Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives
in accordance with the provisions of Section 5, Section 9(a)(i) or (iii) or Section 10 hereof, the Company shall reimburse the Underwriters for their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters; provided that, if this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to
Section 10 hereof, the Company will have no obligation to reimburse any defaulting Underwriter. 

SECTION 5. Conditions of
Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein or in certificates of any officer of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to the following further conditions: 

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has become effective and, at the Closing Time, no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the 1933 Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no
proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission; and the Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
The Company shall have paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the Securities within the time period required by Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the 1933 Act Regulations without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with
Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the 1933 Act Regulations and, if applicable, shall have updated the Calculation of Registration Fee table in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1)(ii) either in a post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement or on the cover page of or as exhibit to a prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b). 

(b) Opinions of Counsel for
Company. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received: 

(i) the opinion and negative assurance letter,
each dated the Closing Time, of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP, counsel for the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies
of such letter for each of the other Underwriters; 

(ii) the opinion, dated the Closing Time, of King & Spalding
LLP, regulatory counsel for the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters; and 

(iii) the opinion, dated the Closing Time, of Knobbe Martens Olson & Bear LLP, intellectual property counsel for the
Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters. 

(c) Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received the opinion and negative
assurance letter, dated the Closing Time, of Cooley LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.

23 

(d) Officers Certificate. At the Closing Time, there shall not have been, since
the date hereof or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings,
business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, and the Representatives shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and of the chief financial or chief accounting officer of the Company, dated the Closing Time, to the effect that (i) there has been no such material adverse change, (ii) the representations and warranties of the
Company in this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Time, (iii) the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or
satisfied at or prior to the Closing Time, and (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement under the 1933 Act has been issued, no order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the
Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to their knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. 

(e) Accountants Comfort Letter. At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received from
Ernst & Young, LLP a letter, dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each of the other Underwriters containing statements and information of
the type ordinarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus. 

(f) Bring-down Comfort Letter. At the Closing Time, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst &
Young, LLP a letter, dated as of the Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than
three business days prior to the Closing Time. 

(g) Approval of Listing. At the Closing Time, the Securities shall have been
approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, subject only to official notice of issuance. 

(h) [Reserved]. 

(i) Lock-up Agreements. At the date of this Agreement, the Representatives shall have received
an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto signed by the persons listed on Schedule C hereto. 

(j) Maintenance of
Rating. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have any debt securities or preferred stock that are rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating agency (as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the 1934 Act). 

(k) Chief Financial Officers Certificate. At the time of the execution of this Agreement and at the Closing Time, the
Representatives shall have received from the chief financial officer of the Company a certificate with respect to certain financial data contained in the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Underwriters. 

(l) Conditions to Purchase of Option Securities. In the event that the Underwriters exercise their option provided
in Section 2(b) hereof to purchase all or any portion of the Option Securities, the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and the statements in any certificates furnished by the Company and any of its subsidiaries
hereunder shall be true and correct as of each Date of Delivery and, at the relevant Date of Delivery, the Representatives shall have received: 

(i) Officers Certificate. A certificate, dated such Date of Delivery, of the Chief Executive Officer or a Vice
President of the Company and of the chief financial or chief accounting officer of the Company confirming that the certificate delivered at the Closing Time pursuant to Section 5(d) hereof remains true and correct as of such Date of Delivery.

24 

(ii) Opinions of Counsel for Company. If requested by the
Representatives, (A) the opinion and negative assurance letter of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP, counsel for the Company, (B) the opinion of King & Spalding LLP, regulatory counsel for the
Company and (C) the opinion of Knobbe Martens Olson & Bear LLP, intellectual property counsel for the Company, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to
the Option Securities to be purchased on such Date of Delivery and otherwise to the same effect as the opinion of such firm required by Section 5(b) hereof. 

(iii) Opinion of Counsel for Underwriters. If requested by the Representatives, the opinion of Cooley LLP, counsel for
the Underwriters, dated such Date of Delivery, relating to the Option Securities to be purchased on such Date of Delivery and otherwise to the same effect as the opinion required by Section 5(c) hereof. 

(iv) Bring-down Comfort Letter. If requested by the Representatives, a letter from Ernst & Young, LLP, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representatives and dated such Date of Delivery, substantially in the same form and substance as the letter furnished to the Representatives pursuant to Section 5(e) hereof, except that the specified
date in the letter furnished pursuant to this paragraph shall be a date not more than three business days prior to such Date of Delivery. 

(v) Chief Financial Officers Certificate. A certificate from the chief financial officer of the Company, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and dated such Date of Delivery, substantially in the same form and substance as the letter furnished to the Representatives pursuant to Section 5(k) hereof. 

(m) Additional Documents. At the Closing Time and at each Date of Delivery (if any) counsel for the Underwriters shall have been
furnished with such documents and certificates as they may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the
representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters. 

(n) Termination of Agreement. If any condition
specified in this Section shall not have been fulfilled when and as required to be fulfilled, this Agreement, or, in the case of any condition to the purchase of Option Securities on a Date of Delivery which is after the Closing Time, the
obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase the relevant Option Securities, may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time at or prior to Closing Time or such Date of Delivery, as the case may be, and such
termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 and except that Sections 1, 6, 7, 8, 14, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive any such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

25 

SECTION 6. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification of Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates (as such term
is defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an Affiliate)), its selling agents and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act
as follows: 

(i) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, arising out of any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B, or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included (A) in any preliminary
prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto) or (B) in any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Securities (Marketing Materials), including any
roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically) or the omission or alleged omission in any preliminary prospectus, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication, Prospectus or any Marketing Materials of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(ii) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and
expense whatsoever, as incurred, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any
such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 6(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company; and 

(iii) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by
the Representatives), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such
untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above; 

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B, the General Disclosure Package, any preliminary
prospectus, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in
conformity with the Underwriter Information. 

(b) Indemnification of Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter, severally
and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or
Section 20 of the 1934 Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in subsection (a) of this Section, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or
alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B, the General Disclosure Package, any preliminary prospectus, Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with the
Underwriter Information. 

26 

(c) Actions against Parties; Notification. Each indemnified party shall give notice
as promptly as reasonably practicable to each indemnifying party of any action commenced against it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve such indemnifying party from
any liability hereunder to the extent it is not materially prejudiced as a result thereof and in any event shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In the case of parties
indemnified pursuant to Section 6(a) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be selected by the Representatives, and, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 6(b) above, counsel to the indemnified parties shall be
selected by the Company. An indemnifying party may participate at its own expense in the defense of any such action; provided, however, that counsel to the indemnifying party shall not (except with the consent of the indemnified party) also be
counsel to the indemnified party. In no event shall the indemnifying parties be liable for fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from their own counsel for all indemnified parties in connection with
any one action or separate but similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or
compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or
contribution could be sought under this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional
release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any
indemnified party. 

(d) Settlement without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If at any time an indemnified party shall have
requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 6(a)(ii) effected without its
written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 60 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30
days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. 

SECTION 7. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and
expenses incurred by such indemnified party, as incurred, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the
Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above
but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and of the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses, as well as any other
relevant equitable considerations. 

27 

The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the
other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, on the other hand, in each case as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate public offering price
of the Securities as set forth on the cover of the Prospectus. 

The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters,
on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the
Company or by the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this Section 7. The aggregate
amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by an indemnified party and referred to above in this Section 7 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public. 

No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

For purposes of this Section 7, each person, if any, who
controls an Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act and each Underwriters Affiliates and selling agents shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each
director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act shall have the
same rights to contribution as the Company. The Underwriters respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to the number of Initial Securities set forth opposite their respective names in
Schedule A hereto and not joint. 

SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties
and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on
behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company and (ii) delivery of and payment for the Securities. 

28 

SECTION 9. Termination of Agreement. 

(a) Termination. The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to the Closing
Time (i) if there has been, in the judgment of the Representatives, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary
course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or
any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or
inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the offering or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the Nasdaq
Global Select Market, or (iv) if trading generally on the NYSE MKT or the New York Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq Global Select Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or
maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by order of the Commission, FINRA or any other governmental authority, or (v) a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or
clearance services in the United States or with respect to Clearstream or Euroclear systems in Europe, or (vi) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities. 

(b) Liabilities. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to
any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7, 8, 14, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 10. Default by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time or a Date of
Delivery to purchase the Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the Defaulted Securities), the Representatives shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for
one or more of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be
agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Representatives shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then: 

(i) if the number of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the number of Securities to be purchased on such date, each of
the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and not jointly, to purchase the full amount thereof in the proportions that their respective underwriting obligations hereunder bear to the
underwriting obligations of all non-defaulting Underwriters, or 

(ii) if the number
of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of the number of Securities to be purchased on such date, this Agreement or, with respect to any Date of Delivery which occurs after the Closing Time, the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase, and the
Company to sell, the Option Securities to be purchased and sold on such Date of Delivery shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter. 

No action taken pursuant to this Section shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of its default. 

In the event of any such default which does not result in a termination of this Agreement or, in the case of a Date of Delivery which is after
the Closing Time, which does not result in a termination of the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase and the Company to sell the relevant Option Securities, as the case may be, either the (i) Representatives or (ii) the Company shall
have the right to postpone the Closing Time or the relevant Date of Delivery, as the case may be, for a period not exceeding seven days in order to effect any required changes in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 10. 

29 

SECTION 11. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New York, New York
10282-2198, Attention: Registration Department; BofA Securities, Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention: Syndicate Department (email: dg.ecm_execution_services@bofa.com), with a copy to ECM Legal (email: dg.ecm_legal@bofa.com);
and Barclays Capital Inc., 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attention: Syndicate Registration (fax: (646) 834-8133); and with a copy to Cooley LLP at 3 Embarcadero Center, 20th Floor, San
Francisco, California 94111, Attention: Denny Won. Notices to the Company shall be directed to it at 15440 Laguna Canyon Road, Irvine, California 92618, Attention: Bobak Azamian; with a copy to Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin &
Hachigian, LLP at 3570 Carmel Mountain Road, Suite 200, San Diego, California 92130, Attention: Ryan Gunderson. 

SECTION 12. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related
discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and does not constitute a recommendation,
investment advice, or solicitation of any action by the Underwriters, (b) in connection with the offering of the Securities and the process leading thereto, each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or
fiduciary of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or their respective stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with
respect to the offering of the Securities or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company or any of its subsidiaries on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to
the Company with respect to the offering of the Securities except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests
that differ from those of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory, investment or tax advice with respect to the offering of the Securities and the Company has consulted its own respective legal,
accounting, financial, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate, and (f) none of the activities of the Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated herein constitutes a recommendation, investment advice
or solicitation of any action by the Underwriters with respect to any entity or natural person. 

SECTION 13. Recognition of the U.S.
Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined below), the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be
effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of such Underwriter becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be
exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

30 

For purposes of this Section 13, a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the
term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.
U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SECTION 14. Parties. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the Underwriters and the Company and their
respective successors and the controlling persons and officers and directors referred to in Sections 6 and 7 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any
provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors, and said controlling persons and officers
and directors and their heirs and legal representatives, and for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase. 

SECTION 15. Trial by Jury. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and
affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 16. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF, THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS. 

SECTION 17. Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunity. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted in (i) the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan or (ii) the courts of the State of New
York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the
enforcement of a judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail
to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any
suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum. 

31 

SECTION 18. TIME. TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. 

SECTION 19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. Electronic signatures complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act
(N.Y. State Tech. 301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable law will be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Agreement. Transmission by telecopy, electronic mail or
other transmission method of an executed counterpart of this Agreement will constitute due and sufficient delivery of such counterpart. 

SECTION 20. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

32 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement among the Underwriters and the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Bobak Azamian

Name: Bobak Azamian, M.D., Ph.D.

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

By /s/ Lyla Bibi Maduri

Authorized Signatory

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By /s/ Greg Butz

Authorized Signatory

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By /s/ Dan Cocks

Authorized Signatory

For themselves and as Representatives of the other Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

The public offering price per share for the Securities shall be $44.50. 

The purchase price per share for the Securities to be paid by the several Underwriters shall be $41.83, being an amount equal to the public offering price set
forth above less $2.67 per share, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(b) for dividends or distributions declared by the Company and payable on the Initial Securities but not payable on the Option Securities. 

Name of Underwriter Number of

Initial Securities 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 1,109,550 

BofA Securities, Inc. 912,921 

Barclays Capital Inc. 533,708 

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 252,809 

Total 2,808,988 

Sch A-1 

SCHEDULE B-1

Pricing Terms 

1. 

The Company is selling 2,808,988 shares of Common Stock. 

2. 

The Company has granted an option to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, to purchase up to an
additional 421,348 shares of Common Stock. 

3. 

The public offering price per share for the Securities shall be $44.50. 

Sch B-1-1 

SCHEDULE B-2

Free Writing Prospectuses 

None. 

Sch B-2-1 

SCHEDULE B-3

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications 

None. 

Sch B-3-1 

SCHEDULE C 

List of Persons and Entities Subject to Lock-Up

1. 

Andrew Goldberg 

2. 

Aziz Mottiwala 

3. 

Bhaskar Chaudhauri 

4. 

Bobak Azamian 

5. 

Bobak Azamian, as Trustee of the Bobak Azamian Living Trust, established April 16, 2018

6. 

Bryan Wahl, M.D., J.D. 

7. 

Dianne Whitfield 

8. 

Elizabeth Yeu-Lin

9. 

Jeff Farrow 

10. 

Katherine Goodrich 

11. 

Scott Morrison 

12. 

Morrison-Minton Family 2004 Trust 

13. 

Sesha Neervannan 

14. 

Wendy Yarno 

15. 

William J. Link 

16. 

Link Family Enterprise, LP 

Sch C-1 

Exhibit A 

FORM OF LOCK-UP FROM DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS PURSUANT TO SECTION 5(i) 

[], 2025 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

BofA Securities, Inc. 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

as Representatives of the several 

Underwriters to
be named in the 

within-mentioned Underwriting Agreement 

c/o 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

c/o 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New
York 10036 

c/o 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, NY
10019 

Re: 

Proposed Public Offering by Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned, a
stockholder and/or a stock option holder and/or an officer and/or a director, as applicable, of Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (Goldman),
BofA Securities, Inc. (BofA Securities) and Barclays Capital Inc. (and together with Goldman and BofA Securities, the Representatives) propose to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
with the Company and the other Underwriters party thereto providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock). In recognition of
the benefit that the Public Offering will confer upon the undersigned as a stockholder and/or a stock option holder and/or an officer and/or a director, as applicable, of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees with each Underwriter to be named in the Underwriting Agreement that, during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the date that is 90 days from the date of the
Underwriting Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), the undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (it being understood that to the extent that prior to the
consummation of the Public Offering, any such Underwriter ceases to participate in the Public Offering, such Underwriter shall cease to be a Representative hereunder), (i) directly or indirectly, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any
option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of any shares of the Companys Common Stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities), or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any of the Lock-Up Securities, or file, cause to be filed or cause to be
confidentially submitted any registration statement in connection therewith, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (ii) enter into any swap, hedging or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, directly
or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities, in cash or
otherwise or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing described in clauses (i) and (ii) above. 

A-1 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may
transfer the Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Representatives, provided that (1) in the case of clause (i) through (vi) and (ix) below, the Representatives receive a
signed lock-up agreement for the balance of the Lock-Up Period from each donee, trustee, distributee, or transferee, as the case may be, (2) (A) in the clauses
(i) through (v) below, any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (B) in the cases of clause (i) through (iv) below, such transfers are not required to be reported during the
Lock-Up Period with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on Form 4 in accordance with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and (C) in the cases of clauses (v) through (ix) below, any filing under Section 16 of the Exchange Act made during the Lock-Up Period shall clearly indicate in the footnotes the circumstances
of the transfer, and (3) the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding such transfers during the Lock-Up Period: 

(i) 

as a bona fide gift or gifts; 

(ii) 

to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); 

(iii) 

as a distribution to general or limited partners, members, stockholders or other equity holders of the
undersigned; 

(iv) 

to the undersigneds affiliates or to any investment fund or other entity that, directly or indirectly,
controls or manages, is controlled or managed by, or is under common control or management with, the undersigned; 

(v) 

by will or intestate succession upon the death of the undersigned; 

A-2 

(vi) 

pursuant to a court of regulatory agency order, a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce
settlement; 

(vii) 

to the Company in connection with the settlement of restricted stock units or exercise of options, warrants or
other rights to acquire shares of Common Stock or any security convertible, exercisable for or settled into shares of Common Stock of the Company by way of net exercise, net settlement and/or to cover withholding tax obligations in connection with
such exercise or settlement pursuant to an employee benefit plan, option, restricted stock unit or warrant or other right disclosed in the prospectus for the Public Offering or any document incorporated by reference therein, provided that any such
shares of the Common Stock issued upon settlement of such restricted stock unit or exercise of such option, warrant or other right shall be subject to the restrictions set forth herein; 

(viii) 

to the Company pursuant to agreements under which the Company has exercised its option to repurchase such
shares or has exercised a right of first refusal with respect to transfers of such shares upon termination of service of the undersigned, so long as such agreement or right of first refusal is disclosed in the prospectus or any document incorporated
by reference therein, for the Public Offering; 

(ix) 

to a bona fide third party pursuant to a merger, consolidation, tender offer or other similar transaction made
to all holders of shares of the Common Stock and involving a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that, in the event that such Change of Control is not completed, the
undersigneds Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the restrictions contained herein, provided further that any shares of the Common Stock not transferred in such merger, consolidation, tender offer
or other transaction shall remain subject to the restrictions contained herein. Change of Control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter pursuant to the Public Offering), of the Companys voting securities if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold more
than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving entity); or 

(x) 

pursuant to the sale on the open market of up to 100,000 shares (in the aggregate for all directors and
executive officers of the Company) of Common Stock underlying restricted stock units held by the undersigned that will vest during the Lock-Up Period and settle during the
Lock-Up Period, but solely to the extent necessary to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the vesting and settlement of such restricted stock units that are outstanding
as of the date of the Prospectus and described therein and pursuant to an equity incentive plan or other equity award plan described in the Prospectus or in a document incorporated therein by reference; provided that (1) any remaining shares of
Common Stock issued upon vesting of such restricted stock units shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in this lock-up agreement, (2) any filing under Section 16 of the Exchange Act required
in connection therewith shall indicate that such transfer is to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units and (3) no filing or public announcement shall be
voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period. 

A-3 

Furthermore, the undersigned may sell shares of Common Stock of the Company purchased by the
undersigned from the underwriters in the Public Offering or on the open market following the Public Offering if and only if (i) such sales are not required to be reported in any public report or filing with the SEC, or otherwise and
(ii) the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding such sales during the Lock-Up Period. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the undersigned may establish a trading plan pursuant to Rule
10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (a 10b5-1 Trading Plan), provided that (A) any required filing under the Exchange Act made by the Company or any person
regarding the establishment of such plan during the Lock-Up Period shall state that the undersigned is not permitted to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of securities under such plan during the Lock-Up Period in contravention of this lock-up agreement and (B) no sales are made during the Lock-Up Period pursuant to such
plan and (ii) the undersigned may sell shares of Common Stock or transfer as a distribution to general or limited partners, members, stockholders or other equity holders of the undersigned pursuant to a
10b5-1 Trading Plan, provided that such plan was established prior to the execution of this lock-up agreement by the undersigned and provided to the Representatives, and
provided further that (x) any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act that is made in connection with any such sales during the Lock-Up Period shall state that such sales have been executed
under a 10b5-1 Trading Plan and shall also state the date such 10b5-1 Trading Plan was adopted and (y) the undersigned does not otherwise voluntarily effect any
public filing or report regarding such sales or transfers during the Lock-Up Period. 

The
undersigned acknowledges and agrees that none of the Underwriters has made any recommendation or provided any investment or other advice to the undersigned with respect to this lock-up agreement or the subject
matter hereof, and the undersigned has consulted its own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory, tax and other advisors with respect to this lock-up agreement and the subject matter hereof to the extent the
undersigned has deemed appropriate. The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Underwriters may have provided or hereafter provide to the undersigned in connection with the Public Offering a Form CRS and/or certain other
disclosures as contemplated by Regulation Best Interest, the Underwriters have not made and are not making a recommendation to the undersigned to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement or to transfer, sell or
dispose of, or to refrain from transferring, selling or disposing of, any shares of Common Stock, and nothing set forth in such disclosures or herein is intended to suggest that any Underwriter is making such a recommendation. 

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions. 

A-4 

This lock-up agreement, the Lock-Up Period described herein and related restrictions shall automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur, if any, of (i) either the Company, on the one hand, or the Representatives, on the other hand,
advising the other in writing prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement that it has determined not to proceed with the Public Offering, (ii) the termination of the Underwriting Agreement before payment for and delivery of the Common
Stock to be sold thereunder, (iii) the registration statement filed under the Securities Act with respect to the Public Offering contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement is withdrawn or (iv) March 31, 2025, in the event the closing
of the Public Offering shall not have occurred on or before such date. 

This lock-up agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

[Signature page follows] 

A-5 

Very truly yours,

[If signatory is an individual]

Signature: 

Name: 

[If signatory is an entity]

Entity: 

Signature: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d901047dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

March 12, 2025 

Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

15440 Laguna Canyon Road, Suite
160 

Irvine, CA 92618 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

You have requested our opinion with respect to certain matters in connection with the sale and issuance by Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), of up to an aggregate of 3,230,336 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (including up to
an aggregate of 421,348 Shares that may be sold pursuant to the exercise of an option granted by the Company to the underwriters), pursuant to (i) a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277523) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), on February 29, 2024, which became automatically effective upon filing (the Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated March 12, 2025, filed with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (the Prospectus Supplement and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus) and (ii) an underwriting agreement, dated March 12,
2025, entered into by and among the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., and Barclay Capital Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters (the Underwriting Agreement). 

In connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and the originals or copies certified to our
satisfaction of such other documents, records, certificates, memoranda and other instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinion expressed below. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates and
other assurances of officers of the Company as to factual matters without having independently verified such factual matters. We have assumed the genuineness and authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, and the conformity to
originals of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof and the due execution and delivery of all documents where due execution and delivery are a prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof. 

This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issue of
the Shares. Our opinion is limited to the matters stated herein and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated. Our opinion herein is expressed solely with respect to the federal laws of the United States and the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). Our opinion is based on these laws as in effect on the date hereof, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of facts, circumstances, events or developments
which hereafter may be brought to our attention and which may alter, affect or modify the opinion expressed herein. We are not rendering any opinion as to compliance with any federal or state antifraud law, rule or regulation relating to securities,
or to the sale or issuance thereof. 

Subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that when the Shares to be issued
and sold by the Company are issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, such Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters included in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit
to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on March 13, 2025. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is
required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Sincerely,

/s/ Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP

GUNDERSON DETTMER STOUGH

VILLENEUVE FRANKLIN & HACHIGIAN, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d901047dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Tarsus Announces Proposed $100.0 Million Public Offering 

IRVINE, Calif., March 12, 2025 (GLOBAL NEWSWIRE) Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: TARS) (the Company or Tarsus) today
announced the commencement of an underwritten public offering of $100.0 million of shares of its common stock. Tarsus also intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional
$15.0 million of shares of its common stock offered in the proposed offering. All shares in the proposed offering are to be sold by Tarsus. The offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or
when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Barclays, and
Oppenheimer & Co. are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. 

A registration statement relating to the shares to be sold in the
proposed offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 29, 2024 and became automatically effective upon filing. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. The offering will be made only by means of prospectus. A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering (including the accompanying prospectus) will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the
SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may also be obtained, when available, from: Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus
Department, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, by telephone at (866) 471-2526, or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; BofA Securities, NC1-022-02-25, 201 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at
dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847, or by email at
Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Attention: Syndicate Prospectus Department, 85 Broad Street, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10004, by telephone at (212) 667-8055, or by
email at EquityProspectus@opco.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these shares, nor
shall there be any sale of these shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. applies proven science and new technology to revolutionize treatment for patients, starting with eye care. Tarsus is advancing its
pipeline to address several diseases with high unmet need across a range of therapeutic categories, including eye care and infectious disease prevention. XDEMVY (lotilaner ophthalmic solution, 0.25%) is FDA approved in the United States for the
treatment of Demodex blepharitis. Tarsus is also developing TP-04 for the potential treatment of Ocular Rosacea and TP-05 as an oral tablet for the potential prevention
of Lyme disease. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this press release about future expectations, plans and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical
facts, may constitute forward-looking statements. The words, without limitation, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend,
may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would, or the negative of these terms or other similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these or similar identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as
a result of various important factors; including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to market conditions, and satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed public offering and the grant to the underwriters of
an option to purchase additional shares. Further, there are other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statement and they are detailed from time to time in the reports
Tarsus files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Tarsus Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed on February 25, 2025 with the SEC, copies of which are posted on
its website and are available from Tarsus without charge. However, new risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on the current expectations of Tarsus management team and speak only as of the date hereof, and Tarsus specifically
disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contacts:

Media Contact: 

Adrienne Kemp 

Sr. Director, Corporate Communications 

(949) 922-0801

akemp@tarsusrx.com 

Investor Contact: 

David Nakasone 

Head of Investor Relations 

(949)
620-3223

DNakasone@tarsusrx.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d901047dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Tarsus Announces Pricing of Upsized $125.0 Million Public Offering 

IRVINE, Calif., March 12, 2025 Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: TARS) (the Company or Tarsus) today announced the
pricing of an upsized underwritten public offering of 2,808,988 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $44.50 per share. In addition, Tarsus has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to
purchase up to an additional 421,348 shares of its common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other
estimated offering expenses payable by Tarsus, are expected to be approximately $125.0 million, excluding any exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The offering is expected to close on March 14, 2025,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, BofA Securities, Barclays, and Oppenheimer & Co.
are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. 

A registration statement relating to the shares to be sold in the offering was filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 29, 2024 and became automatically effective upon filing. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The
offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus which forms a part of the effective shelf registration statement. 

A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering (including the accompanying prospectus) has been filed with the SEC and is available on the
SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may also be obtained, when available, from: Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New
York, New York 10282, by telephone at (866) 471-2526, or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; BofA Securities, NC1-022-02-25, 201 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com; Barclays
Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847, or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Oppenheimer &
Co. Inc., Attention: Syndicate Prospectus Department, 85 Broad Street, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10004, by telephone at (212) 667-8055, or by email at EquityProspectus@opco.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these shares, nor shall there be any sale of these shares in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Tarsus
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. applies proven science and new technology to revolutionize 

treatment for patients, starting with eye care. Tarsus is advancing its pipeline to address several diseases with high unmet need across a range of therapeutic categories, including eye care and
infectious disease prevention. XDEMVY (lotilaner ophthalmic solution, 0.25%) is FDA approved in the United States for the treatment of Demodex blepharitis. Tarsus is also developing TP-04 for the potential
treatment of Ocular Rosacea and TP-05 as an oral tablet for the potential prevention of Lyme disease. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this press
release about future expectations, plans and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements. The words, without limitation, believe,
contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project,
should, target, will, or would, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain
these or similar identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to market
conditions and satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the public offering. Further, there are other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statement and
they are detailed from time to time in the reports Tarsus files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Tarsus Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on
February 25, 2025, with the SEC, copies of which are posted on its website and are available from Tarsus without charge. However, new risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risk
factors and uncertainties. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on the current expectations of Tarsus
management team and speak only as of the date hereof, and Tarsus specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Contacts: 

Media Contact 

Adrienne Kemp 

Sr. Director, Corporate Communications 

(949) 922-0801

AKemp@tarsusrx.com 

Investor Contact:

David Nakasone 

Head of Investor Relations 

(949) 620-3223

DNakasone@tarsusrx.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tars-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tars-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tars-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g901047g0313092137012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g901047g0313092351300.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g901047g0313100532888.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g901047g0313102205628.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g901047g0313102231161.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001819790

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity Registrant Name TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39614

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-4717861

Entity Address, Address Line One 15440 Laguna Canyon Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 160

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92618

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 418-1801

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TARS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://tarsusrx.com//20250312/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d901047d8k.htm 
tars-20250312.xsd 
tars-20250312_lab.xml 
tars-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-053978-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d901047d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001819790 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

false 
0001819790 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
TARSUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
001-39614 
81-4717861 
15440 Laguna Canyon Road 
Suite 160 
Irvine 
CA 
92618 
(949) 
418-1801 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
TARS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>