<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-058980.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-058980.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320160843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-058980
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000874761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COGENERATION SERVICES & SMALL POWER PRODUCERS [4991]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				541163725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12291
		FILM NUMBER:		25756509

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7035221315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4300 WILSON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AES CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d905393d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

AES CORPfalse000087476100008747612025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025

THE AES CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12291 54-1163725

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4300 Wilson Boulevard

Arlington, VA 22203

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

(703)522-1315

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AES New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 20, 2025, The AES Corporation (the Company or AES) completed its previously announced offering of $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes). The offering of the Notes was made pursuant to AES automatic shelf registration statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-285715), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 11, 2025. AES has filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement, dated March 12, 2025 together with the accompanying prospectus, dated March 11, 2025 relating to the offer and sale of the Notes. 

The public offering price of the Notes was 100.00% of the principal amount. AES intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund the purchases of our 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes) in the tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of the 2025 Notes (the Tender Offer) and to pay certain related fees and expenses. The Company intends to use any remaining net proceeds from this offering after completion of the Tender Offer to retire certain of our outstanding indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. 

The Notes were issued on March 20, 2025 pursuant to a Senior Indenture, dated as of December 8, 1998 (the Base Indenture), as amended and supplemented by a ninth supplemental indenture, dated as of April 3, 2003 (the Ninth Supplemental Indenture) and the twenty-ninth supplemental indenture, dated as of March 20, 2025 (the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture and the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), between AES and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Bank One, National Association (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), as Trustee. 

Interest on the Notes accrues at a rate of 5.800% per annum and is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2032. 

Prior to January 15, 2032 (two months prior to their maturity date), AES may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the make whole redemption price described in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after January 15, 2032, AES may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to 101.00% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The Indenture also contains covenants, subject to certain exceptions, restricting the ability of the Company to incur debt secured by any Principal Property (as defined in the Indenture) or by the debt or capital stock of any subsidiary held by the Company; to enter into any sale-lease back transactions involving any Principal Property; or to consolidate, merge, convey or transfer substantially all of its assets; as well as other covenants that are customary for debt securities like the Notes. In addition, the Indenture contains customary events of default. 

The Base Indenture and Ninth Supplemental Indenture have been incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to the Registration Statement. The Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture and the form of the Notes are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. An opinion regarding the legality of the Notes is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 5.1. 

The above description of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture and the form of Notes. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

Tender Offer Pricing and Expiration and Results 

On March 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Pricing Press Release) announcing the pricing terms of its previously announced Tender Offer to purchase any and all of the 2025 Notes. On March 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Expiration and Results Press Release) announcing the expiration and results of the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer was made pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Companys offer to purchase dated as of March 12, 2025 and the related notice of guaranteed delivery. Copies of the Pricing Press Release and Expiration and Results Press Release are attached as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Safe Harbor Disclosure 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute the Companys current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our financing plans, including the proposed use of proceeds from the offering of the Notes and other expected effects of the offering of the Notes. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute AES current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. 

Actual results could differ materially from those projected in AES forward-looking statements due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important factors that could affect actual results are discussed in the prospectus supplement related to the offering and AES filings with the SEC, including, but not limited to, the risks discussed under Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Managements Discussion & Analysis in AES 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Potential investors are encouraged to read AES filings to learn more about the risk factors associated with AES business. AES undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except where required by law. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 20, 2025, between The AES Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee.

4.2 Form of 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.1).

5.1 Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP.

23.1 Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Pricing Press Release, dated March 18, 2025.

99.2 Expiration and Results Press Release, dated March 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

THE AES CORPORATION

Date: March 20, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stephen Coughlin

Name: Stephen Coughlin

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d905393dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

THE AES CORPORATION 

as Issuer

AND 

DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST
COMPANY AMERICAS 

as Trustee 

TWENTY-NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 20, 2025 

TO 

SENIOR INDENTURE 

Dated as of December 8, 1998 

5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 

The TWENTY-NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, is dated as of this 20th day of March, 2025 (the
Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture), between THE AES CORPORATION, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Company), and
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, a national banking association, as trustee (hereinafter referred to as the Trustee), as successor trustee to WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. 

WHEREAS, the Company entered into a Senior Indenture dated as of December 8, 1998 (the Senior Indenture) between the
Company and the Trustee to provide for the future issuance of its senior debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (collectively, the Securities), said Securities to be issued from time to time in series as might be
determined by the Company pursuant to the Senior Indenture and, in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee have entered into a First Supplemental Indenture, a Second Supplemental Indenture, a Third Supplemental Indenture, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, a Seventh Supplemental
Indenture, an Eighth Supplemental Indenture, a Ninth Supplemental Indenture, a Tenth Supplemental Indenture, an Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, a Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, a Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, a Fourteenth Supplemental
Indenture, a Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, a Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, an Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, a Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, a Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-First
Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, a Twenty-Seventh
Supplemental Indenture and a Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture providing for the creation and issuance of various series of Securities and/or amendments to the Senior Indenture (the Senior Indenture, as so amended and supplemented by the
foregoing supplemental indentures and this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture is hereinafter referred to as, the Indenture); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its Securities to be
known as its 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes), the form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Senior Indenture and this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental
Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, the Company desires and has requested the Trustee to join with it in the execution and delivery of this
Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, and all requirements necessary to make this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture a legal, valid and binding instrument, in accordance with its terms, and to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company have been satisfied; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, and for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Indenture, the form and substance of the Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof, the
Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee as follows: 

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 

Section 1.1 Terms Defined in the Indenture. 

Each capitalized term used but not defined in this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
Senior Indenture. 

Section 1.2 Certain Definitions. 

The following definitions are hereby added to the definitions contained in Section 1.1 of the Senior Indenture, but only with respect to
the Notes, as applicable, issued in accordance with the provisions hereof: 

Additional Notes means any notes of the
same series issued under this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture in addition to the Initial Notes having the same terms in all respects as the Initial Notes, provided that, if Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. 

2 

Attributable Debt means the present value (discounted at the rate of 8.0%
per annum compounded monthly) of the obligations for rental payments required to be paid during the remaining term of any lease of more than 12 months. 

Board of Directors means either the Board of Directors of the Company or (except for the purposes of clause (iii) of
the definition of Change of Control) any committee of such Board duly authorized to act under the Indenture. 

Capital
Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated, whether voting or non-voting) of, or interests in (however
designated), the equity of such Person which is outstanding or issued on or after the date of the Indenture, including, without limitation, all Common Stock and Preferred Stock and partnership and joint venture interests of such Person. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (i) any sale, lease, exchange or other
transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Company (determined on a consolidated basis) to any Person or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act) of Persons, (ii) a Person or group (as so defined) of Persons shall have become the beneficial owner of more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company, or (iii) during any one-year
period, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (together with any new director whose election or nomination was approved by a majority of the directors then in office who were either directors at the
beginning of such period or who were previously so approved) cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 

Change of
Control Offer has the meaning provided in Section 4.1. 

Change of Control Triggering
Event shall mean the occurrence of a Change of Control and a Rating Event. 

Common Stock means, with respect
to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated, whether voting or non-voting) of common stock of such Person which is outstanding or issued on or after
the date of the Indenture, including, without limitation, all series and classes of such common stock. 

Consolidated Net
Assets means the aggregate amount of assets (less reserves and other deductible items) after deducting current liabilities, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries contained in the latest annual
report to the stockholders of the Company and prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Corporate Trust Office means the
office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business with respect to this Supplemental Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date of execution of this Supplemental Indenture is located at Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, 1 Columbus Circle, Floor 4S, New York NY 10019, Attn: Corporates Team Deal Manager: AES Corporation, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer, or the
designated corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer). 

DTC has the meaning provided in Section 2.1. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Global Securities has the meaning provided in Section 2.1. 

Initial Notes means the 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 of the Company issued on March 20, 2025 and delivered under this
Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture. 

Issue Date means March 20, 2025, the date of the original issuance of the
Initial Notes. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency
business. 

3 

Notes means the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes issued on or after
the Issue Date in accordance with clause (ii) of Section 2.2(a) treated as a single class of securities, as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, that are issued pursuant to
this Indenture. 

Par Call Date has the meaning provided in Section 3.1. 

Physical Securities has the meaning provided in Section 2.1. 

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents
(however designated, whether voting or non-voting) of preferred or preference stock of such Person which is outstanding or issued on or after the date of the Indenture. 

Principal Property means any building, structure or other facility (together with the land on which it is erected and
fixtures comprising a part thereof) used primarily for manufacturing, processing, research, warehousing or distribution, owned or leased by the Company and having a net book value in excess of 2% of Consolidated Net Assets, other than any such
building, structure or other facility or portion thereof which is a pollution control facility financed by state or local governmental obligations or which the principal executive officer, president and principal financial officer of the Company
determine in good faith is not of material importance to the total business conducted or assets owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries as an entirety. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys and S&P and (2) if Moodys or S&P ceases to rate the
Notes of a particular series or fails to make a rating of the Notes of a particular series publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning
of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moodys or S&P, or both of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Event means (x) the rating on a series of Notes is lowered and (y) such Notes are rated below an
investment grade rating, in either case, by both of the Rating Agencies on any day within the period (the Trigger Period) commencing on the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (ii) public
announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys or any Persons intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following the consummation of such Change of Control (which period will be extended so long
as the rating of a series of Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies); provided, however, that a Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in
rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) if (1) during the Trigger Period, the
relevant rating is subsequently upgraded to its level at the beginning of the Trigger Period (or better) or (2) the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply publicly announces or informs the
Trustee in writing at the Companys request that the reduction was not the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Rating Event). 

Repurchase Date shall have the meaning
provided in Section 4.1 hereof. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. 

Treasury Rate means,
with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day
in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the
caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield
for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yieldsone yield 

4 

corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining
Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be
deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date,
one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding such Par Call Date. If there are two or more
United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities
the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with
the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Voting Stock means, with respect
to any Person, Capital Stock of any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions. 

ARTICLE TWO 

THE
NOTES 

Section 2.1 Form and Dating. 

(a) The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, which are a part of this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, with such
appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by the Senior Indenture and this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such
legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Officers of the Company executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of
such Notes. The Notes will initially be issued as Global Securities. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (DTC) and the Trustee to act as Depositary and custodian, respectively, with respect to the Notes.
The Company initially appoints the Trustee to act as Paying Agent and Registrar with respect to the Notes. The Notes shall each be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global Notes in registered form, substantially in the form set
forth in Exhibit A (the Global Securities), registered in the name of the nominee of the Depositary, deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as
hereinafter provided, and shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.5. The aggregate principal amount of the Global Securities may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the
Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary, as hereinafter provided. 

(b) Securities issued in exchange for interests in the Global
Securities pursuant to Section 2.6 may be issued in the form of Physical Securities (Physical Securities). 

5 

Section 2.2 Execution and Authentication. 

(a) The Trustee shall authenticate (i) Initial Notes for original issue on the Issue Date in the aggregate principal amount of
$800,000,000 of Notes and (ii) any Additional Notes, (such Notes to be substantially in the form of Exhibit A) in an unlimited amount, in each case, upon written orders of the Company signed by two Officers. Each such Officers Certificate
shall specify the amount of such Notes to be authenticated, the date on which such Notes are to be authenticated, whether such Notes are to be Initial Notes or Additional Notes issued under clause (i) or (ii), respectively, of the preceding
sentence, and the aggregate principal amount of such Notes outstanding on the date of authentication, and shall further specify the amount of such Notes to be issued as a Global Security or Physical Securities. Such Notes shall initially be in the
form of one or more Global Securities, which (i) shall represent, and shall be denominated in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of, such Notes to be issued, (ii) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary for such
Global Security or Securities or its nominee and (iii) shall be held by the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary or pursuant to the Depositarys instruction. 

(b) The Notes shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons in the principal amount of at least $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 thereafter. 

Section 2.3 Interest. 

Interest on the Notes shall be payable in the amount, on the dates and in the manner provided for in the relevant form of the Note attached
hereto as Exhibit A. 

Section 2.4 Place of Payment. 

(a) The place of payment for the Notes shall be the Trustees or Paying Agents Corporate Trust Office. So long as the Notes are in
the form of Registered Global Securities, the Company agrees that payments of interest on, and any portion of the Principal of, such Notes shall be made by the Paying Agent, upon receipt from the Company of immediately available funds, directly to
the Depositary (by Federal funds wire transfer). 

Section 2.5 Restrictive Legend. 

(a) Each Global Security shall bear the following legend on the face thereof: 

UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A
WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, OR BY ANY SUCH NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR THEIR AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND
ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A
SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.6 OF THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE.

Section 2.6 Special Transfer Provisions.

(a) The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Note: 

(i) If the proposed transferor is a member of, or participant in, the Depositary (an Agent Member) holding a
beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of instructions given in accordance with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and a
decrease in the principal amount of the applicable Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in such Global Security to be transferred, and an increase in the applicable Global Security to which the
beneficial interest is to be transferred or shall authenticate and deliver one or more Physical Securities of like tenor and amount. 

6 

ARTICLE THREE 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES 

Section 3.1 Optional Redemption. 

(a) Prior to January 15, 2032 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), we may redeem the Notes at our
option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points, each less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, we may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

(c)
The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the calculation of the redemption
price. 

ARTICLE FOUR 

REPURCHASE OF NOTES UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT 

Section 4.1 Repurchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. 

(a) Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event, each holder of the Notes shall have the right to require that the Company repurchase such
holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 

(b) Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company shall send a notice to each Holder of the Notes with a copy
to the Trustee stating: 

(i) that a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred and that such Holder has the right to
require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the Change of
Control Offer), 

(ii) the circumstances and relevant facts regarding such Change of Control Triggering Event
(including information with respect to pro forma historical income, cash flow and capitalization after giving effect to such Change of Control Triggering Event), 

(iii) the repurchase date (which shall be not earlier than 30 days or later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent)
(the Repurchase Date), 

(iv) that any Notes not tendered shall continue to accrue interest, 

(v) that any Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Change of Control Offer shall cease to accrue interest after the
Repurchase Date, unless the Company defaults in depositing the purchase amount, 

7 

(vi) that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to a Change of
Control Offer will be required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of the Notes completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of
business on the Repurchase Date, 

(vii) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election if the Paying Agent
receives, not later than the close of business on the third Business Day (or such shorter periods as may be required by applicable law) preceding the Repurchase Date, a telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the
Holder, the principal amount of Notes the Holder delivered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing his election to have such Notes purchased, and 

(viii) that Holders which elect to have their Notes purchased only in part will be issued new Notes in a principal amount equal
to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered. 

(c) On the Repurchase Date, the Company shall (i) accept for payment Notes or
portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Trustee money sufficient to pay the purchase price of all Notes or portions thereof so tendered and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Trustee Notes so accepted together with an Officers Certificate identifying the Notes or portions thereof tendered to the Company. 

(d) The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Holders of the Notes so accepted payment in an amount equal to the purchase price, and promptly
authenticate and deliver to such Holders a new Note in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered (or through book-entry transfer for global Notes). The Company shall publicly announce the results of the Change of
Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Repurchase Date. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for monitoring the Companys rating status, making any request upon any Rating Agency, or determining whether
any Rating Event based upon the rating of the Notes by any Rating Agency has occurred. 

(e) The Company shall comply with all applicable
tender offer rules, including without limitation Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, in connection with a Change of Control Offer. 

ARTICLE FIVE 

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES SECTION 

Section 5.1 Restrictions on Secured Debt. 

(a) If the Company shall incur, issue, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money represented by notes, bonds, debentures or
other similar evidences of indebtedness, secured by a mortgage, pledge or other lien on any Principal Property or any capital stock or indebtedness held directly by the Company of any Subsidiary of the Company, the Company shall secure the Notes
equally and ratably with (or prior to) such indebtedness, so long as such indebtedness shall be so secured, unless after giving effect thereto the aggregate amount of all such indebtedness so secured, together with all Attributable Debt in respect
of sale and leaseback transactions involving Principal Properties, would not exceed 15% of the Consolidated Net Assets of the Company. 

(b) The foregoing restriction shall not apply to, and there shall be excluded in computing secured indebtedness for the purpose of such
restriction, indebtedness secured by (a) property of any Subsidiary of the Company, (b) liens on property of, or on any shares of stock or debt of, any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Subsidiary, (c) liens
in favor of the Company or any Subsidiary, (d) liens in favor of U.S. or foreign governmental bodies to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments, (e) liens on property, shares of stock or debt existing at the time of acquisition
thereof (including acquisition through merger or consolidation), purchase money mortgages and construction cost mortgages existing at or incurred within 180 days of the time of acquisition thereof, (f) liens existing on the first date on which
any Note is authenticated by the Trustee, (g) liens under one or more credit facilities for indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $800,000,000 at any time outstanding, (h) liens incurred in connection with pollution
control, industrial revenue or similar financings, and (i) any extension, renewal or replacement of any debt secured by any liens referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (h), inclusive. 

8 

Section 5.2 Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks. 

(a) The Company shall not enter into any sale and leaseback transaction involving any Principal Property, the acquisition or completion of
construction and commencement of full operation of which has occurred more than 180 days prior thereto, unless (a) the Company could incur a lien on such property under the restrictions described in Section 5.1 hereof
in an amount equal to the Attributable Debt with respect to the sale and leaseback transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes or (b) the Company, within 180 days after the sale or transfer by the Company, applies to the
retirement of its Funded Debt an amount equal to the greater of (i) the net proceeds of the sale of the Principal Property sold and leased pursuant to such arrangement or (ii) the fair market value of the Principal Property so sold and
leased as determined by the board of directors of the Company; provided that the amount to be applied to the retirement of Funded Debt of the Company shall be reduced by (A) the principal amount of any Notes delivered within 180 days
after such sale or transfer to the Trustee for retirement and cancellation, and (B) the principal amount of Funded Debt, other than the Notes, voluntarily retired by the Company within 180 days after such sale or transfer; provided,
further, that no retirement referred to in this clause (b) may be effected by payment at maturity or pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund payment or any mandatory prepayment provision. 

ARTICLE SIX 

ADDITIONAL EVENTS OF DEFAULT APPLICABLE TO THE NOTE 

Section 6.1 Additional Events of Default. 

(a) Pursuant to Section 6.1(f) of the Senior Indenture, an Event of Default shall be deemed to occur with respect to
the Notes if an event of default, as defined in any indenture or instrument evidencing or under which the Company has as of the date of this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture or shall thereafter have outstanding any indebtedness, shall happen and
be continuing and either (i) such default results from the failure to pay the principal of such indebtedness in excess of $50 million at final maturity of such indebtedness or (ii) as a result of such default the maturity of such
indebtedness shall have been accelerated so that the same shall be or become due and payable prior to the date on which the same would otherwise have become due and payable, and such acceleration shall not be rescinded or annulled within 60 days and
the principal amount of such indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other indebtedness of the Company in default, or the maturity of which has been accelerated, aggregates $50 million or more; provided that the Trustee
shall not be charged with knowledge of any such default unless written notice thereof shall have been given to the Trustee by the Company, by the holder or an agent of the holder of any such indebtedness, by the trustee then acting under any
indenture or other instrument under which such default shall have occurred, or by the Holders of not less than 25% in the aggregate principal amount of Notes at the time outstanding; and provided, further, that if such default shall be
remedied or cured by the Company or waived by the requisite number of percentage of holder of such indebtedness as provided in such indenture or instrument, then the Event of Default described under this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture shall be
deemed likewise to have been remedied, cured or waived without further action on the part of the Trustee, any Holder of Notes or any other person. 

ARTICLE SEVEN 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 7.1 Ratification. 

(a) The
Senior Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed. This Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent provided herein
and therein. 

Section 7.2 Counterparts. 

(a) This Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which shall be an original; but such
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of
this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the
U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

9 

Section 7.3 Notice to Holders. 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Senior Indenture, this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, or any Note, where the Senior
Indenture, this Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a Holder of a global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given
if given to DTC (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from DTC or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with DTC operational arrangements or other applicable DTC requirements. 

Section 7.4 Reports. 

(a) In
connection with Section 4.5 of the Senior Indenture, the Company shall be deemed to have furnished such information, documents or reports to the Trustee, the Holders and/or prospective purchasers of the notes, if the Company has filed such
information, documents or reports with the Commission via the EDGAR filing system (or any successor system) and/or posted such information, documents or reports on the Companys website and such information, documents or reports are publicly
available; provided, however, that the Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever to determine whether or not such materials have been filed pursuant to the EDGAR system (or its successor) or posted on any website. Delivery of such
information to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the
Companys compliance with any of their covenants under the Senior Indenture (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). 

Section 7.5 Patriot Act. 

(a) The
Company acknowledges that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record
information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Supplemental Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request
in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

[Signature Page Follow] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first above written. 

THE AES CORPORATION, as the Issuer

By: /s/ Jeff MacKay

Name: Jeff MacKay

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Attest:

By: /s/ Stephen Coughlin

Name: Stephen Coughlin

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to the
Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture] 

DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST

COMPANY AMERICAS, as Trustee:

By: 

/s/ Sebastian Hidalgo

Name: Sebastian Hidalgo

Title: Assistant Vice President

By: 

/s/ Chris Niesz

Name: Chris Niesz

Title: Director

[Signature Page
to the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture]

[FORM OF NOTE]* 

[FACE OF NOTE] 

THE AES CORPORATION

5.800% Senior Note due 2032 

CUSIP No.

ISIN No.

No. 

Principal Amount $

THE AES CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company), for value received promises to
pay to or registered assigns, the principal sum of Dollars ($) on March 15, 2032. 

Interest Payment Dates:
March 15 and September 15; commencing September 15, 2025. 

Record Dates: Each March 1 and September 1 immediately
preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which shall for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

* 

If applicable, add Global Security Legend. 

A-1 

By: 

Authorized Signature

By: 

Authorized Signature

Dated: 

Certificate of
Authentication 

This is one of the 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST

COMPANY AMERICAS, as Trustee:

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-2 

[REVERSE OF FORM OF NOTE] 

THE AES CORPORATION 

5.800% SENIOR
NOTE DUE 2032 

1. Interest. THE AES CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company, which definition shall
include any successor thereto in accordance with the Indenture (as defined below)), promises to pay, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment, interest on the principal amount set forth on the reverse side hereof at a rate of
5.800% per annum. Interest on the Notes will accrue from and including the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 20, 2025 through but excluding the date on which interest is paid.
Interest shall be payable in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year (each an Interest Payment Date), commencing September 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on the Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the interest payable on such
date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay), except that, if such Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar year, such payment shall be made on
the immediately preceding Business Day, in each case with the same force and effect as if made on such date. 

2. Method of Payment.
The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on each March 1 and September 1 immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date (each, a
Regular Record Date). Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company will pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment
of public and private debts. At the Companys option, interest may be paid by check sent to the registered address of the Holder of this Note. 

3. Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (the Trustee) will act as Paying
Agent and Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Registrar without notice. 

4. Indenture. The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of December 8, 1998 between the Company and the Trustee as
supplemented by the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2003 and the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2025 between the Company and the Trustee (said Indenture, as so supplemented, the
Indenture). This Note is one of an issue of Securities of the Company issued under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) as amended from time to time. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of the Notes are referred to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of them. Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are general unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company ranking pari passu with all of the Companys unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.
The Company may, subject to the terms of the Indenture and applicable law, issue Additional Notes under the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture. The Notes issued on March 20, 2025 and any Additional Notes subsequently issued shall be treated as
a single class for all purposes of the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture. The Indenture limits the ability of the Company to incur certain secured indebtedness and to enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions. 

5. Optional Redemption. 

Prior to January 15, 2032 (2 months prior to their maturity date) (the Par Call Date), we may redeem the Notes at our
option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at
the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points, each less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

A-3 

On or after the Par Call Date, we may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error, and the Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the calculation of the redemption price. 

Treasury
Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government
securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most
recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption
U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life,
the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall
interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer
than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity
date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on
the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time,
on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but
there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall
select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding such Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the
criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for
such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

6. Change of Control Offer. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Company shall be required, as and to the
extent set forth in the Indenture, to offer to purchase all of the outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of repurchase
(subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the repurchase date). 

7. Sinking Fund. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 

8. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay to it any taxes
and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not transfer or exchange any Notes or portion of a Note selected for redemption, or transfer or exchange any Notes for a period of 15 days before selection of such Notes to
be redeemed. 

A-4 

9. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered holder of a Note may be treated as the owner
of it for all purposes. 

10. Unclaimed Money. If money for the payment of principal or interest remains unclaimed for two years,
the Trustee or Paying Agent will pay the money back to the Company at its written request. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an abandoned property law designates
another Person. 

11. Amendment, Supplement, Waiver. The Company and the Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of any
outstanding Notes, amend, waive or supplement the Indenture or the Notes for certain specified purposes, including, among other things, curing ambiguities, defects or inconsistencies, maintaining the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 or making any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect. Other amendments and modifications of the Indenture or the Notes may be made by the Company and the Trustee with the
consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of all series affected, subject to certain exceptions requiring the consent of the Holders of the particular Securities. 

12. Successor Corporation. When a successor corporation assumes all the obligations of its predecessor under the Notes and the
Indenture and the transaction complies with the terms of Article 5 of the Senior Indenture, the predecessor corporation, subject to certain exceptions, will be released from those obligations. 

13. Defaults and Remedies. Events of Default are set forth in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations in the Indenture, if an
Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) of the Senior Indenture with respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, then the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes may, or the Trustee may, by written notice to the Company, and the Trustee at the request of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes will, declare the principal of, plus accrued interest, if any, to
be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) of the Senior Indenture with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, the Principal of and accrued interest on all of the Notes shall ipso
facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of the Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may
require indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities of all series issued under the Indenture that
are affected may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of the Notes notice of any continuing default (except a default in payment of principal or interest) if it determines in good faith that
withholding notice is in their interests. The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee. 

14. Trustee
Dealing with Company. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were
not Trustee. 

15. No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, employee, stockholder or beneficiary, as such, of the Company
shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and
releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. 

16. Defeasance. The
Indenture contains provisions (which provisions apply to this Note) for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Company in respect of this Note and (b) certain restrictive covenants and Defaults and Events of Default,
in each case upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set forth therein. 

17. Authentication. This Note shall not be
valid until the Trustee signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. 

A-5 

18. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of
Notes or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TENANT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

19. GOVERNING LAW. THE INDENTURE AND THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder of Notes upon written request and without
charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

THE AES CORPORATION 

4300 Wilson Boulevard 

Arlington, Virginia 22203 

Telephone: (703) 682-1159

Telecopy: (703) 528-4510

Attention: Legal Department 

A-6 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

If you the holder want to assign this Note, fill in the form below and have your signature guaranteed: 

I or we assign and transfer this Note to 

(Insert
assignees social security or tax ID number) 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer
this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: Your signature:

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note)

Signature

Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar,
which requirements include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in
substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-7 

[TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL NOTES] 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE 

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is $ . The following increases or decreases in this Global Note
have been made: 

Date of Exchange Amount of decrease in

Principal Amount of this

Global Note Amount of increase in

Principal Amount of this

Global Note Principal amount of this

Global Note following

such decrease or

increase Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee or

Securities Custodian

A-8 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT TO PURCHASE 

[Date] 

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 

Corporate, Municipal and Escrow Solutions 

1 Columbus Circle,
Floor 4S 

New York, NY 10019 

Attention: AES Corporate Trust
Administrator 

Re: The AES Corporation 

5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes)

The undersigned hereby elects to have [all] [a portion of] its Notes purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.1 of the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture. 

If the undersigned elects to have only part of its Notes purchased by the
Company pursuant to Section 4.1 of the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, state the principal amount (minimum amount of $2,000; multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000): 

$ 

Dated: 

Signed: 

(Sign exactly as name appears on the other side of this Security)

Signature Guarantee: 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor program reasonably acceptable to the Trustee)

A-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d905393dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue 

New York, NY 10017

davispolk.com 

March 20, 2025 

The AES
Corporation 

4300 Wilson Boulevard 

Arlington, Virginia 22203

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The AES Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the Company), has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-285717) (the
Registration Statement) for the purpose of registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), certain securities, including $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Companys 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Securities). The Securities are to be issued pursuant to the provisions of the Base Indenture dated as of December 8, 1998 (the Base Indenture) between the Company
and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (as a successor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.), as trustee (the Trustee), as amended and supplemented by the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2003 between the Company and the
Trustee (the Ninth Supplemental Indenture). Certain terms of the Securities will be established pursuant to a Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of the date hereof between the Company and the Trustee (the Twenty-Ninth
Supplemental Indenture together with the Base Indenture and the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Securities are to be sold pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement dated March 12, 2025 (the Underwriting
Agreement) between the Company and the several underwriters named in Schedule A to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters). 

We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have
deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering this opinion. 

In rendering the opinion expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry
or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all signatures on all documents
that we reviewed are genuine, (iv) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (v) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate
and (vi) all representations made by the Company as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate. 

Based upon the
foregoing, and subject to the additional assumptions and qualifications set forth below, we advise you that, in our opinion, when the Securities have been duly executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and
delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Securities will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, concepts 

To The AES Corporation 

of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to, (x) the enforceability of any waiver of rights under any usury or stay law or
(y) the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Securities to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest.

In connection with the opinion expressed above, we have assumed that the Indenture and the Securities (collectively, the Documents)
are valid, binding and enforceable agreements of each party thereto (other than as expressly covered above in respect of the Company). We have also assumed that the execution, delivery and performance by each party to each Document to which it is a
party (a) are within its corporate powers, (b) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents of such party, (c) require no action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and (d) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or any judgment, injunction, order or decree or any agreement or other instrument
binding upon such party, provided that we make no such assumption to the extent that we have specifically opined as to such matters with respect to the Company. 

We are members of the Bar of the State of New York and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, except that we express no opinion as to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to the Company, the Documents or such transactions solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable
to any party to any of the Documents or any of its affiliates due to the specific assets or business of such party or such affiliates. 

We hereby consent
to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof and to its incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. In addition, we consent
to the reference to our name under the caption Legal Matters in the preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025 and the prospectus supplement dated March 12, 2025, and under the caption Validity of
Securities in the base prospectus dated March 11, 2025, each of which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Securities Act. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Davis
Polk & Wardwell LLP 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d905393dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Press Release 

Investor Contact: Susan Harcourt, 703-682-1204, susan.harcourt@aes.com 

Media Contact: Amy Ackerman, 703-682-6399, amy.ackerman@aes.com 

AES Announces Pricing Terms of Cash Tender Offer for Any and All of Its 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 

ARLINGTON, Va., March 18, 2025 The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) (AES or the Company) announced the
pricing terms of the previously announced tender offer to purchase (the Tender Offer) for cash, subject to certain terms and conditions, any and all of its outstanding 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 (the Securities). 

The Tender Offer is being made pursuant to the Companys Offer to Purchase, dated March 12, 2025 (the Offer to Purchase) and the related
notice of guaranteed delivery (the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and, together with the Offer to Purchase, the Offer Documents), which set forth a more detailed description of the terms of the Tender Offer. Holders of the
Securities (individually, a Holder, and collectively, the Holders) are urged to carefully read the Offer Documents before making any decision with respect to the Tender Offer. 

The consideration (the Purchase Price) offered per $1,000 principal amount of Securities validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to
the Tender Offer was determined in the manner described in the Offer to Purchase by reference to the fixed spread for the Securities specified below plus the yield based on the bid-side price of the U.S.
Treasury Reference Security specified below at 2:00 p.m., New York City time today. 

Title of Security 

CUSIP Number Principal Amount

Outstanding UST

Reference

Security Bloomberg

Reference

Page Fixed

Spread

(bps) Tender Offer

Purchase

Price

3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 

144A: 00130H CB9

Reg S: U0080R AQ3 $900,000,000 3.000% UST

due July 15,

2025 FIT3 +25 $995.97

In addition to the Purchase Price, all Holders of Securities accepted for purchase will also receive accrued and unpaid
interest (Accrued Interest) from the January 15, 2025 interest payment date up to, but not including, the date on which AES makes payment for such Securities, which date is currently expected to be March 21, 2025 (such date, as it
may be extended, the Settlement Date). 

The Tender Offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 18, 2025, unless extended or
earlier terminated by AES (as the same may be extended, the Expiration Time). Tenders of Securities may be validly withdrawn at any time (i) at or prior to the earlier of (x) the Expiration Time and (y) in the event the
Tender Offer is extended, the 10th business day after commencement of the Tender Offer, and (ii) after the 60th business day after the commencement of the Tender Offer if for any reason the Tender Offer has not been consummated within 60
business days of its commencement (in each case, the Withdrawal Deadline), but may not be validly withdrawn thereafter except in certain limited circumstances where additional withdrawal rights are required by law. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer, each Holder who (i) validly tenders its Securities at or prior to the Expiration Time and does
not subsequently validly withdraw such Securities at or prior to the Withdrawal Deadline or (ii) delivers a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery with respect to its Securities at or prior to the Expiration Time
with such Securities validly tendered at or prior to the second business day after the Expiration Time, will be entitled to receive the Purchase Price, plus Accrued Interest, on the Settlement Date, if such Securities are accepted for purchase. 

1 

AES obligation to accept for purchase, and to pay for, Securities validly tendered pursuant to the
Tender Offer is subject to, and conditioned upon, certain conditions, including the condition that AES shall have obtained debt financing in a minimum aggregate principal amount, together with cash on hand, to purchase the tendered Securities,
including payment of the Purchase Price, Accrued Interest and any fees payable in connection with the Tender Offer, subsequent to the date hereof and on or prior to the Settlement Date, on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to AES (the
Financing Condition). The Tender Offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Securities being tendered. AES may amend, extend or terminate the Tender Offer in its sole discretion. The obligation of AES to accept for purchase and to
pay the Purchase Price and Accrued Interest on the Securities is not subject to any minimum tender condition, but is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Financing Condition and certain other conditions described in the Offer to Purchase.

AES has retained Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to serve as Dealer Manager for the Tender Offer. Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained
to serve as the Information Agent and Tender Agent for the Tender Offer. Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, Attn: General Counsel, (800) 831-9146. Copies of the Offer Documents are available via the Tender Offer website at https://www.gbsc-usa.com/AES or by contacting Global Bondholder Services Corporation at
65 Broadway Suite 404, New York, New York 10006, Attn: Corporate Actions, (212) 430-3774 (for banks and brokers) or (855) 654-2014 (for all others). 

AES is making the Tender Offer only by, and pursuant to, the terms of the Offer Documents. None of AES, the Dealer Manager, the Information Agent and Tender
Agent makes any recommendation as to whether Holders should tender or refrain from tendering their Securities. Holders must make their own decision as to whether to tender Securities and, if so, the principal amount of the Securities to tender. 

The Tender Offer is not being made to Holders of Securities in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the
securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the securities laws or blue sky laws require the Tender Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Tender Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of
AES by the Dealer Manager, or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

This press release does
not constitute an offer to purchase securities or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any new securities, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Capitalized terms used in this press release but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Offer Documents. 

About AES 

The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) is a Fortune
500 global energy company accelerating the future of energy. Together with our many stakeholders, were improving lives by delivering the greener, smarter energy solutions the world needs. Our diverse workforce is committed to continuous
innovation and operational excellence, while partnering with our customers on their strategic energy transitions and continuing to meet their energy needs today. 

Safe Harbor Disclosure 

This news release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute AES current
expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Tender Offer, the details thereof, other expected effects of the Tender Offer and the concurrent debt financing to satisfy the
Financing Condition and the use of proceeds therefrom. 

2 

Actual results could differ materially from those projected in AES forward-looking statements due to
risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important factors that could affect actual results include the aggregate amount of Securities tendered (which could lead to retirement or repayment of other existing debt), the successful closing of the
concurrent debt financing to satisfy the Financing Condition, and risks and uncertainties discussed in the Offer to Purchase related to the Tender Offer and AES filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC),
including, but not limited to, the risks discussed under Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Managements Discussion & Analysis in AES 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K
and in any subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Readers are encouraged to read AES filings to learn more about the risk factors associated with AES business. AES undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except where required by law. 

Any stockholder who desires a copy of the
Companys 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2025 with the SEC may obtain a copy (excluding the exhibits thereto) without charge by addressing a request to the Office of the Corporate
Secretary, The AES Corporation, 4300 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, Virginia 22203. Exhibits also may be requested, but a charge equal to the reproduction cost thereof will be made. A copy of the Annual Report on Form
10-K may be obtained by visiting the Companys website at www.aes.com. 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d905393dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Press Release 

Investor Contact: Susan Harcourt, 703-682-1204, susan.harcourt@aes.com 

Media Contact: Amy Ackerman, 703-682-6399, amy.ackerman@aes.com 

AES Announces the Expiration and Results of Cash Tender Offer for Any and All of Its 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 

ARLINGTON, Va., March 18, 2025 The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) (AES or the Company) announced that the previously
announced tender offer to purchase (the Tender Offer) for cash, subject to certain terms and conditions, any and all of its outstanding 3.300% Senior Notes due 2025 (the Securities) expired at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
on March 18, 2025 (the Expiration Time). As of the Expiration Time, $776,214,000 or 86.25% of the $900 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Securities had been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn (not
including any amount of Securities submitted pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase, dated March 12, 2025 (the Offer to Purchase) and the related notice of guaranteed delivery (the
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and, together with the Offer to Purchase, the Offer Documents)). Payment for the Securities validly tendered and accepted for purchase will be made on March 21, 2025 (the Settlement
Date). 

The following table sets forth certain terms of the Tender Offer: 

Title of Security 

CUSIP Number Principal Amount

Outstanding Principal Amount

Accepted for Purchase(1) Percentage of Principal

Amount Outstanding(1)

3.300% Senior Notes

due 2025 

144A: 00130H CB9

Reg S: U0080R AQ3 $900,000,000 $776,214,000 86.25%

(1) 

Not including any amount of Securities submitted pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures described in
the Offer Documents. 

Holders of the Securities who (i) validly tendered their Securities at or prior to the Expiration Time and
did not subsequently validly withdraw such Securities at or prior to the Withdrawal Deadline, as described in the Offer Documents, or (ii) delivered a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery with respect to its
Securities at or prior to the Expiration Time with such Securities validly tendered at or prior to the second business day after the Expiration Time, will be entitled to receive the consideration (the Purchase Price) of $995.97 per
$1,000 principal amount of Securities validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities from the January 15, 2025 interest payment date up to, but not including, the
Settlement Date. 

Closing of the Tender Offer is subject to the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase. However, the Financing Condition described
in the Offer to Purchase is expected to be satisfied on March 20, 2025 upon the closing of AES previously announced offering of $800 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.800% Senior Notes due 2032. 

AES has retained Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to serve as Dealer Manager for the Tender Offer. Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained to
serve as the Information Agent and Tender Agent for the Tender Offer. 

This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase securities or a
solicitation of an offer to sell any securities or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any new securities, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.

Capitalized terms used in this press release but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Offer Documents. 

1 

About AES 

The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) is a Fortune 500 global energy company accelerating the future of energy. Together with our many stakeholders, were
improving lives by delivering the greener, smarter energy solutions the world needs. Our diverse workforce is committed to continuous innovation and operational excellence, while partnering with our customers on their strategic energy transitions
and continuing to meet their energy needs today. 

Safe Harbor Disclosure 

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute AES current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Tender
Offer, the details thereof, other expected effects of the Tender Offer and the concurrent debt financing to satisfy the Financing Condition and the use of proceeds therefrom. 

Actual results could differ materially from those projected in AES forward-looking statements due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important
factors that could affect actual results include the successful closing of the concurrent debt financing to satisfy the Financing Condition, and risks and uncertainties discussed in the Offer to Purchase related to the Tender Offer and AES
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including, but not limited to, the risks discussed under Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Managements Discussion & Analysis in
AES 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Readers are encouraged to read AES filings to learn more about the risk factors associated with AES
business. AES undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except where required by law. 

Any stockholder who desires a copy of the Companys 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2025
with the SEC may obtain a copy (excluding the exhibits thereto) without charge by addressing a request to the Office of the Corporate Secretary, The AES Corporation, 4300 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, Virginia 22203. Exhibits also may be requested,
but a charge equal to the reproduction cost thereof will be made. A copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K may be obtained by visiting the Companys website at www.aes.com. 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aes-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aes-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aes-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g905393g0320051905547.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g905393g0320051905724.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g905393g0320054658937.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name AES CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000874761

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-12291

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1163725

Entity Address, Address Line One 4300 Wilson Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Arlington

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22203

City Area Code (703)

Local Phone Number 522-1315

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AES

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://aes.com//20250318/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aes-20250318.xsd 
aes-20250318_lab.xml 
aes-20250318_pre.xml 
d905393d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-058980-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d905393d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000874761 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

AES CORP 
false 
0000874761 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
DE 
001-12291 
54-1163725 
4300 Wilson Boulevard 
Arlington 
VA 
22203 
(703) 
522-1315 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AES 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>