<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-034994.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-034994.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415104503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-034994
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stone Point Credit Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001825384
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01375
		FILM NUMBER:		25838068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 HORSENECK LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 862-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 HORSENECK LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stone Point Capital Credit LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200918
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512253d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182538400018253842025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): April 11, 2025

Stone Point Credit Corporation

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

delaware 814-01375 85-3149929

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer Identification 

Number)

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich,
Connecticut06830

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)

(203) 862-2900

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 

on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 11, 2025, SPCC Funding I LLC executed
a letter agreement (the First Amendment) to amend the senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit
Facility) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPM). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Revolving Credit Facility (as amended by the First Amendment).

Under the First Amendment, JPM and each other
lender party and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns have agreed to make Tranche A Advances and Tranche B Advances
with the following changes to the applicable margin: (a) with respect to interest based on a Benchmark, 2.00% per annum; provided
that, in the case of Tranche B Advances denominated in pound Sterling, the applicable margin for Advances shall be 2.1193% per annum,
(b) with respect to interest based on Term SOFR, 2.00% per annum, and (c) with respect to interest based on the Base Rate, 2.00%
per annum; provided that, in the case of Tranche B Advances denominated in pound Sterling, the applicable margin for Advances shall be
2.1193% per annum. The parties to the First Amendment also extended the Non-Call Period to align with the Reinvestment Period. The other
material terms of the Revolving Credit Facility were unchanged.

The description above is only a summary of the
material provisions of the First Amendment and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the First Amendment, which is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this current report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

10.1* First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2025, among SPCC Funding I LLC, as borrower; Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager; U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator; U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary; and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Stone Point Credit Corporation

Dated: April 15, 2025 By: /s/ Steven Henke 

Name: Steven Henke 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512253d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted
in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K and, where applicable, have been marked with [Intentionally Omitted]
to indicate where omissions have been made. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC
upon its request; provided, however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange
Act for any document so furnished.

Execution Version

Conformed through the First Amendment to Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 11, 2025

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of

September 12, 2024

among

SPCC FUNDING I LLC,

as Company

The Lenders Party Hereto

The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent
and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

and

STONE POINT CREDIT ADVISER LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTSM

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 34

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 34

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases 35

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 36

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 38

SECTION 1.06. Currency Equivalents 38

SECTION 1.07. Additional Equity Contributions 39

SECTION 1.08. Substitution 39

ARTICLE II

THE AdvanceS

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 39

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 40

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 40

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Amended and Restated Effective Date 42

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 43

SECTION 2.06. Commitment Increase Option 44

SECTION 2.07. Replacement of Lenders 45

ARTICLE III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 45

SECTION 3.02. Interest Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair 49

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 51

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 54

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 55

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 56

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 57

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 57

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 59

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 60

ARTICLE V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 61

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. 62

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 62

- ii -

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 63

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 66

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. 73

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

ARTICLE VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 76

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 78

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 80

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 85

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 89

SECTION 10.02. Notices 89

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 90

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 90

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 91

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 92

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 94

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 94

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 94

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 95

SECTION 10.11. Headings 95

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 96

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 97

SECTION 10.14. Acknowledgements of Lenders 98

SECTION 10.15. Effect of Amendment and Restatement 99

- iii -

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 GICs Industry Classifications

Schedule 7 Form of Partial PIK Obligations Notifications

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Equity Commitment Letter

Exhibit C Form of Assignment and Assumption

AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
dated as of September 12, 2024 (this "Agreement") among SPCC FUNDING I LLC, as borrower (the "Company");
STONE POINT CREDIT ADVISER LLC (the "Portfolio Manager"); the Lenders party hereto; U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), in its capacities as collateral agent (in such capacity, the
"Collateral Agent") and collateral administrator (in such capacity, the "Collateral Administrator");
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the "Securities Intermediary");
and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the "Administrative
Agent").

The Portfolio Manager and the Company wish for the
Company to acquire and finance certain corporate loans and other corporate debt securities (the "Portfolio Investments"),
all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Furthermore, the Company entered into a Loan Sale
and Contribution Agreement (the "Sale Agreement"), dated on or about the Original Effective Date, between the Company
and Stone Point Credit Corporation (in such capacity, the "Seller"), pursuant to which the Company shall from time to
time acquire Portfolio Investments from the Seller.

On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ("JPMCB"), each other lender party hereto from time to time and each
of their respective successors and permitted assigns have agreed to make Tranche A Advances (in such capacity, the "Tranche A
Lenders") and Tranche B Advances (in such capacity, the "Tranche B Lenders" and, together with the Tranche A
Lenders collectively, the "Lenders"), as applicable, to the Company (collectively, "Advances") hereunder
to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the "Transaction Schedule").

Pursuant to Section 10.05, the parties to the
Loan and Security Agreement, dated the Original Effective Date (the "Original Agreement"), hereby agree to amend and
restate the Original Agreement and the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated as set forth in this Agreement.

Pursuant to the Original Agreement the Collateral
was granted to the Collateral Agent thereunder for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Pursuant to Section 8.02(a) herein, such
grant under the Original Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties to secure the Secured Obligations.

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Certain Defined Terms and Rules of Construction

"Account Control Agreement" means
the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021, among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary.

"Additional Distribution Date" has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

"Adjusted Applicable Margin" means
the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus 2% per annum.

"Administrative Agent" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

- 2 - 

"Advance Rate" means (i) during
Stage 1, 55% and (ii) following Stage 1, 60%.

"Advances" has the meaning set forth
in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Adverse Proceeding" means any action,
suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly
on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active or, to the Company's
or the Portfolio Manager's knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager or their respective property
that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

"Affiliate" means, with respect
to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such former Person but, which
shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this definition, control
of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for
the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person
whether by contract or otherwise.

"Affiliate Portfolio Investment"
means any Portfolio Investment sold and/or contributed by the Seller to the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

"Affiliate Purchased Investment Balance"
means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal balance of all Affiliate Portfolio Investments
acquired by the Company from the Seller prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate principal balance of all Affiliate Portfolio
Investments repurchased by the Seller or an Affiliate thereof or released to the Parent as a distribution prior to such date.

"Agent" has the meaning set forth
in Section 9.01.

"Agent Business Day" means any day
on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral
Agent is located (which shall initially be Boston, Massachusetts).

"Agreement" has the meaning set
forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

"Amended and Restated Effective Date"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04.

"Amendment" has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.03.

"Anti-Corruption Laws" means all
laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

"Applicable Law" means, for any
Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes,
ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person and
applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial
tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction applicable to or with jurisdiction over such Person (as the case may be).

"Applicable Margin" means, for each
Advance, the amount specified on the Transaction Schedule as the "Applicable Margin for Advances".

- 3 - 

"Assignment and Assumption" means
an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06),
and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit C or any other form (including electronic records generated by the
use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

"AUD" means Australian Dollars.

"AUD Screen Rate" means, for each
Calculation Period relating to an Advance in AUD, the average bid reference rate administered by the Australian Financial Markets Association
(or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Australian dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal to one
month or three months, as applicable, as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear
on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of
such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable
discretion) at or about 11:00 a.m. (Sydney, Australia time) two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation
Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the AUD Screen Rate for such Calculation Period shall be deemed
to be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which AUD deposits in an amount corresponding to the amount of such Advance and
for the applicable maturity are offered in the Sydney interbank market in immediately available funds at such time (as determined by the
Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the AUD
Screen Rate as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero percent, the AUD Screen Rate will be deemed to be zero percent
for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero percent again.

"Available Tenor" means, as of any
date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for
interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of a Calculation
Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is
then-removed from the definition of "Calculation Period" pursuant to clause (f) of Section 3.02.

"Bankruptcy Event" means, with respect
to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver,
conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization
or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent and the Company, has
taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment
or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result
solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or
instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts
within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental
Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

"Base Obligor Limitations" has the
meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

"Base Rate" means, for any day,
(i) with respect to USD denominated Advances, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on
such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%, (ii) with respect to CAD denominated
Tranche B Advances, the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) with respect to any Euro or GBP denominated Tranche B Advances, the annual
rate of interest announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent (or an affiliate thereof) as being its reference rate then in
effect for determining interest rates on commercial loans made by it in the United Kingdom (with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated
in GBP) or the Euro Zone (with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated in Euros). Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the
Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or a rate specified in clause (iii) above shall be effective
from and including the effective date of such change as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. In the event that any applicable
Base Rate is below zero percent at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero percent until it exceeds
zero percent again.

- 4 - 

"Base Rate Advance" means, on any
date of determination, any Advance denominated in any Currency that bears interest at the applicable Base Rate plus the Applicable
Margin for Advances (or the Adjusted Applicable Margin, as applicable).

"Benchmark" means, with respect
to Advances in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, initially, the applicable Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark"
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant
to clause (b) of Section 3.02.

"Benchmark Replacement" means, for
any Available Tenor, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation
with the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to
(i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant
Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for
the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;.

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined above
would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents.

"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment"
means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Calculation
Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration
to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for
the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable
Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency.

"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes"
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition
of "Base Rate," the definition of "Business Day," the definition of "Calculation Period," timing and frequency
of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment or continuation notices, length of lookback
periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative
Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation
of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Company, that no market practice for the administration of
such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines, in its reasonable discretion
and in consultation with the Company, is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

- 5 - 

"Benchmark Replacement Date" means,
with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of
the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the
definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event
giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination,
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the "Benchmark
Replacement Date" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events
set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof).

"Benchmark Transition Event" means,
with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) a public statement or publication of information
by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication of information
by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the
Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that
will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

- 6 - 

(3) a public statement or publication of information
by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing
that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a "Benchmark Transition
Event" will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth
above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof).

"Benchmark Unavailability Period"
means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred
if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in accordance with Section 3.02 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark
for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02.

"Beneficial Ownership Certification"
means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

"Beneficial Ownership Regulation"
means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

"Bond" means a publicly issued or
privately placed debt obligation of a corporation or other entity (other than a Loan).

"Borrowing Base Test" means a test
that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the following is true:

"Business Day" means any day on
which commercial banks are open in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located
(which shall initially be Boston, Massachusetts); provided that (i) with respect to any SONIA related provisions herein or
the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in GBP, "Business Day" shall be deemed to exclude any day on which
banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England, (ii) with respect to any provisions herein relating to the setting
of EURIBOR or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in Euros, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude any day
on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England or which is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, (iii) with respect
to any CAD related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in CAD, Business Day shall be deemed
to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Toronto, Canada and (iv) with respect to any AUD related
provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in AUD, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude any
day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Sydney, Australia.

"CAD" means Canadian dollars.

"Calculation Period" means the quarterly
period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation Period Start Date
following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding
the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the last Calculation Period
does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including the related Calculation
Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date).

- 7 - 

"Calculation Period Start Date"
means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the
immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in October 2021.

"Canadian Prime Rate" means, on
any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate published
by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable
to those currently provided by such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time
on such day and (ii) Term CORRA, plus 1% per annum. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or
Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA, respectively.

"Capital Call Capacity" means, as
of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the unfunded capital commitments (as defined in the constituent documents
of the Parent) that the Parent is entitled to call from its equity owners that are not defaulting holders (however defined in the constituent
documents of the parent and/or each applicable subscription document) in accordance with the constituent documents of the Parent.

"Capital Call Confirmation Package"
means, with respect to any Market Value Trigger Event, the following documents, agreements and notices:

(i)a
fully executed equity commitment letter executed by the Parent evidencing the commitment to acquire contribution(s) of cash to the
Company no later than the date that is twelve (12) Business Days following the date on which the Company receives notice from the Administrative
Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event, naming the Administrative Agent as a third party beneficiary thereof and in the
form set forth in Exhibit B hereto (with such modifications as are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)
(an "Equity Commitment Letter");

(ii)a
written notice from the Parent (A) containing representations and covenants by the Parent that (1) the amounts to be contributed
to the Company pursuant to the capital call notices referred to below will be funded no later than the tenth calendar day following delivery
of such notices; (2) the aggregate amount specified in the Equity Commitment Letter and the related capital calls, together with
all other amounts available to effect such Market Value Cure in accordance with the definition of such term, is at least equal to the
amount necessary to effect a Market Value Cure; (3) the aggregate amount specified in the Equity Commitment Letter and the related
capital calls does not cause the Capital Call Capacity to be exceeded; (4) the Parent will deposit (or cause its equity owners to
deposit) the proceeds of capital contributions from its equity owners into the MV Cure Account within one Business Day of receipt thereof;
(5) each capital call has been made in compliance with the Parent's constituent documents (including that each such equity owner
has unfunded capital commitments at least equal to the amount of capital called from such equity owner, which are available for the purpose
contemplated hereby) and (6) the Capital Call Capacity is at least equal to the product of (i) 125% and (ii) the sum of
(a) the amount called in accordance with the Equity Commitment Letter and (b) the amount of total liabilities (other than the
liabilities of the Company constituted by the Loan Documents) of the Parent as reported under GAAP, (B) containing a covenant by
the Parent to immediately inform the Administrative Agent if it has received notice or has any other reason to believe that the relevant
capital commitments of its equity owners will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of the requests for capital contributions
by the Parent in connection with the proposed Market Value Cure; and

- 8 - 

(iii)a
copy of the most recent quarterly or annual financial statements for the Parent, together with a representation from the Parent that such
financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of each of the Parent and
the Company.

"Cash Equivalents" means:

(a)in
respect of each USD Collateral Account, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and unconditionally
guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations
of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable
direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality
thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least
"A-1" from S&P or at least "P-1" from Moody's; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months
from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least "A-1" from S&P
or at least "P-1" from Moody's; (iv) certificates of deposit or bankers' acceptances maturing within three months after
such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any
state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at least "adequately capitalized" (as defined in the regulations
of its primary federal banking regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than U.S.$1,000,000,000;
(v) shares of any money market mutual fund that (a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of
investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than U.S.$5,000,000,000, and (c) has
the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moody's; and (vi) cash; provided that Cash Equivalents may include investments
for which U.S. Bank National Association or an Affiliate provides services and receives compensation therefor.

For the avoidance of doubt, there are no Cash Equivalents
(or Eligible Investments) in respect of Euros, AUD, GBP or CAD.

"Change in Law" means the occurrence,
after the Original Effective Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty,
(b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof
by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the
force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and
capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank
for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority)
shall be deemed to have occurred after the Original Effective Date for purposes of this definition, regardless of the date adopted, issued,
promulgated or implemented.

- 9 - 

"Change of Control" means an event
or series of events by which (A) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly,
the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority
of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management policies and decisions of
the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests
of the Company, (B) Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment adviser of the Parent or (C) Stone
Point Credit Adviser LLC shall cease to be an Affiliate of Stone Point Capital LLC.

"Charges" has the meaning set forth
in Section 10.08.

"CME Term SOFR Administrator" means
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator).

"Code" means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

"Collateral" has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.02(a).

"Collateral Accounts" has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.01(a).

"Collateral Administrator" has the
meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Collateral Agent" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Collateral Principal Amount" means
on any date of determination (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio, including the unfunded balance of any Delayed
Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including
cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus (C) the aggregate principal balance of
all Ineligible Investments as of such date.

"Collection Account" means the account(s) established
by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the
resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Commitment Increase Date" means
the effective date (which shall be a Business Day) of an increase of the Financing Commitments in accordance with Section 2.06 pursuant
to a Commitment Increase Request which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) approves in writing (which may be by email).

"Commitment Increase Request" means,
on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06.

"Company" has the meaning set forth
in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Competitor" means any (a) fund
who devotes a significant portion of its business resources on credit lending, (b) fund investing in private credit investments or
an Affiliate thereof or (c) activist hedge fund or an Affiliate thereof. For avoidance of doubt, no bank, broker dealer, or insurance
company will be considered a Competitor.

- 10 - 

"Concentration Limitation Excess"
means, on any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio Investment (other
than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the Portfolio Manager
shall select in its sole discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess; provided
further that if the Portfolio Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined
by the Administrative Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess.

"Concentration Limitations" has
the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

"Connection Income Taxes" means
Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits
Taxes.

"CORRA" means the Canadian Overnight
Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator).

"Corresponding Tenor" with respect
to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

"Credit Risk Party" or "Credit
Risk Parties" has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

"Currency" means USD and each Permitted
Non-USD Currency.

"Currency Shortfall" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.06(b).

"Custodial Account" means the account(s) established
by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the
resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Daily Simple SONIA" means, for
each day during any Calculation Period, SONIA, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by
the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by
the Relevant Governmental Body for determining "Daily Simple SONIA" for business loans, as determined for such day at approximately
11:00 a.m., London time, on the immediately preceding Business Day. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then Daily
Simple SONIA for such day shall be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which GBP deposits in an amount corresponding to the
amount of such Advance are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London
interbank market. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if Daily Simple SONIA as calculated for any purpose under
this Agreement is below zero percent, Daily Simple SONIA will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds
zero percent again.

"Default" has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.03.

"Defaulting Lender" means any Lender
that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of
its Advances or (ii) pay over any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above,
such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's good faith determination that
a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has
notified the Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply
with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based
on such Lender's good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if
any) to funding under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has
failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification
in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations)
to fund prospective Advances under this Agreement; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent's receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action; provided that neither JPMCB
nor any of its Affiliates shall constitute a Defaulting Lender on any date on which JPMCB or its Affiliate acts as Administrative Agent
and the Lenders are comprised solely of JPMCB and/or its Affiliates.

- 11 - 

"Delayed Funding Term Loan" means
any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to the obligor pursuant to the Underlying Instruments
relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates, and (c) does not
permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan will
be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such future advances to the obligor thereon expire
or are terminated or reduced to zero.

"Deliver" (and its correlative forms)
means the taking of the following steps by the Company or the Portfolio Manager:

(1)except
as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and amounts on deposit
in the Collateral Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised
thereof has been credited to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to
the Account Control Agreement, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such
security entitlement without further consent by the Company;

(2)in
the case of each general intangible, by notifying the obligor thereunder of the security interest of the Collateral Agent (except to the
extent that the requirement for consent by any person to the pledge hereunder or transfer thereof to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative
Agent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC, no such requirement for consent exists in the applicable Underlying
Instruments or such consent has otherwise been obtained);

(3)in
the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of money or instruments (the "Possessory Collateral") that do not constitute
a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by
causing (x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in a State of the United States that has adopted
Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (any such State, an "Eligible State") or (y) a Person other than
the Company and a securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State, and (II) to
then authenticate a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent
or (B)(I) to authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent and (II) to then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State;

- 12 - 

(4)in
the case of any account which constitutes a "deposit account" under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Securities Intermediary
to continuously identify in its books and records the security interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and, except as may be
expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent;

(5)in
all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware Secretary of State;
and

(6)in
all cases by otherwise ensuring that (i) all steps, if any, required under Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor
of Collateral Agent and that such Lien shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control, shall
have been taken and (ii) to the extent necessary, obtaining a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board
of directors or any similar governing body authorizing and consenting to the pledge of the Collateral in accordance with the applicable
Underlying Instruments.

"Designated Email Notification Address"
means SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and
no Market Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least five (5) Business Days' written notice to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated Email Notification Address.

"Designated Independent Dealer"
means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days' written notice to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the Designated Independent Dealer.

"Dollar Equivalent" means, with
respect to any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the amount of USD that would be required to purchase the amount of
such Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advance using the reciprocal foreign exchange rates obtained as described in clause (y) of
the definition of the term Spot Rate.

"Early Opt-in Election" means in
the case of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the occurrence of:

(1)(i) a
determination by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company or (ii) a notification by the Required Lenders to the Administrative
Agent with the consent of the Company that the Required Lenders have determined that syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.02 are being
executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the applicable Reference Rate, and

(2)(i) the
election by the Administrative Agent or (ii) the election by the Required Lenders (in either case with the consent of the Company)
to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice
of such election to the Company and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent.

- 13 - 

"Effective Date Letter" means the
letter agreement, dated as of the Original Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

"Eligibility Criteria" has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.03.

"Eligible Assignee" means at the
time of any relevant assignment pursuant to Section 2.07, (i) an Affiliate of the related assignor, (ii) a Lender immediately
prior to giving effect to such assignment or (iii) without limitation to clauses (i) and (ii) above, with the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company, a bank, an insurance company or a broker-dealer.

"Eligible Investments" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.01.

"Equity Commitment Letter" has the
meaning set forth in the definition of the term "Capital Call Confirmation Package".

"ERISA" means the United States
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

"ERISA Affiliate" means any trade
or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company or the Parent, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 414(b) or
(c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or
431 of the Code).

"ERISA Event" means that (1) any
of the Company or the Parent has underlying assets which constitute "plan assets" within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules,
or (2) the Company or the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to any Plan or any ERISA Affiliate
has any material liability with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company or
the Parent or (3) the Company has any material liability with respect to any Plan.

"EURIBOR" means, for each Calculation
Period relating to an Advance in Euros, the Euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other
person which takes over the administration of that rate) displayed on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 on the Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities
News (or on any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate
quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time
to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in the Euro in the Euro Zone) at approximately 11:00
a.m., Brussels time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as the rate for Euro deposits with
a maturity of three months. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then EURIBOR for such Calculation Period shall
be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which Euro deposits in an amount corresponding to the amount of such Advance and for
the applicable maturity are offered by the principal Brussels office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the
Euro Zone interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation
Period. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if EURIBOR as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below
zero percent, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero percent again.

"Euro" or "" means
the lawful currency of Participating Member States.

- 14 - 

"Euro Zone" means the economic and
geographic region consisting of all of the countries within the European Union that incorporate the Euro as their national currency.

"Event of Default" has the meaning
set forth in Article VII.

"Excess Interest Proceeds" means,
at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds
over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the next Interest Payment
Date, the next Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent (and, in connection with a Permitted Distribution or
a Permitted Tax Distribution, after giving effect to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances on the date of such Permitted
Distribution or Permitted Tax Distribution).

"Excluded Taxes" means any of the
following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Secured Party,
(a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed
as a result of such Secured Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its
applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are
Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account
of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on the date on
which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending
office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either
to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending
office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Party's failure to comply with Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal
withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

"FATCA" means Sections 1471 through
1474 of the Code as of the Original Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially
more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental agreements
thereunder, similar or related non-U.S. law that corresponds to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into pursuant
to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such
sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant
to such intergovernmental agreement.

"Federal Funds Effective Rate" means,
for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day's federal funds transactions by depositary
institutions, as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to
time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the effective federal funds rate, provided
that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes
of this Agreement.

"Financing Commitment"
means collectively, the Tranche A Financing Commitment and Tranche B Financing Commitment.

"Financing Event" has the meaning
set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

- 15 - 

"First Amendment Effective Date"
means October 15, 2021.

"Foreign Lender" means a Lender
that is not a U.S. Person.

"Fourth Amendment Effective Date"
means June 27, 2024.

"Fourth Amendment Effective Date Letter"
means the letter agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

"GAAP" means generally accepted
accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from time to time by the Company.

"GBP" and "" mean
British Pounds.

"Governmental Authority" means the
government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any
agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

"Indebtedness" as applied to any
Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money;
(ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary
course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability of
such Person on a balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person
in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, banker's acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others secured by
a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or
similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person acts as surety and other contingent obligations
to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, "Indebtedness" shall not include a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future
Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

"Indemnified Person" has the meaning
specified in Section 5.03.

"Indemnified Taxes" means (a) Taxes,
other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company under this
Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

"Indemnitee" has the meaning set
forth in Section 10.04(b).

"Independent Dealer" means any of
the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent): Bank of
America/Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley,
Nomura, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no event including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company.

- 16 - 

"Ineligible Investment" means any
Portfolio Investment that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any Portfolio
Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility Criteria
in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and such Portfolio
Investment shall not be considered an "Ineligible Investment" by reason of its failure to meet such waived criteria; provided
further that any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date
(if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved; provided further that any Participation Interest that has not been
elevated to an absolute assignment on or prior to the 60th calendar day following the Original Effective Date shall constitute an Ineligible
Investment until the date on which such elevation has occurred.

"Information" means all information
received from the Company or any Affiliate thereof relating to the Company or its business or any obligor in respect of any Portfolio
Investment in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

"Initial Portfolio Investments"
means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5.

"Interest Collection Account" means
the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Interest Proceeds
denominated in USD, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Interest Payment Date" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.03(b).

"Interest Proceeds" means all payments
of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments
(in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from the sale of interest
accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the Eligible Investments
acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include principal payments
(including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired with Principal
Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments or deposited
into any of the Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment fees, waiver
fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and customary administrative
agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest Proceeds shall not include amounts
or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account, the Unfunded Exposure Account, any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account
or any proceeds therefrom.

"Investment" means (a) the
purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, or (b) the making of any Loan or advance to any other Person, or (c) becoming
obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person.

"IRS" means the United States Internal
Revenue Service.

"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

- 17 - 

"JPMCB" has the meaning set forth
in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Lender Fee Letter" means each letter
agreement entered into by and among the Company, the Administrative Agent and a Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and setting forth, inter alia, the fees payable to such Lender hereunder, as amended, modified, supplemented, restated
or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

"Lender Letter Agreement" means
any letter agreement entered into by and between a Lender and the Administrative Agent (with a copy delivered to the Company) in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and setting forth, inter alia, specified rights and obligations of such Lender and/or
the Administrative Agent, as amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof
(so long as copies of such amendments, modifications, supplements, restatements or replacements are delivered to the Company).

"Lender Participant" has the meaning
set forth in Section 10.06(c).

"Lenders" has the meaning set forth
in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Liabilities" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.03.

"Lien" means any security interest,
lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens, mechanics' liens and any liens that attach by
operation of law.

"Liquid Unsecured Bond" means an
unsecured debt security which has a traded volume through TRACE of at least U.S.$5,000,000 during the thirty day period immediately preceding
such date of determination.

"Loan" means any obligation for
the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement,
the Sale Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, any Equity Commitment Letter, the Effective Date Letter, the Second Amendment Effective
Date Letter, the Fourth Amendment Effective Date Letter, any Assignment and Assumption, any Lender Fee Letter and such other agreements
and documents, and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered by the Company, the Portfolio
Manager or their respective Affiliates to or for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such amendment, supplement
or modification executed or delivered by the Company, the Portfolio Manager or their respective Affiliates to or for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders.

"Margin Stock" has the meaning provided
such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

"Market Value" means, on any date
of determination, (i) with respect to any Portfolio Investment other than a Non-Traded Portfolio Investment, (a) in the case
of a Loan, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by LoanX/Markit Group Limited and (b) in
the case of a Bond, a TRACE price (expressed as a percentage) for U.S.$1,000,000 or more executed within the prior two (2) Business
Days (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that such bid-side price or TRACE price is not available or is
stale, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable
manner (any such market value determined by the Administrative Agent, an "Alternative MV")) and (ii) with respect
to any Non-Traded Portfolio Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (each such market value, a "Designated MV"), in each case, expressed as
a percentage of par.

- 18 - 

So long as no Market Value Event has occurred or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of Alternative MVs and/or
Designated MVs as and to the extent set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides the executable bid or valuation
set forth below no later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately following the related date of determination;
provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of the
Market Value thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment
and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides an Alternative MV or a Designated MV with respect to such Portfolio Investment
that is at least 5% lower than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes any Designated
MV, the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to three such Portfolio Investments in each calendar quarter, engage a Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence
of such valuation to the Administrative Agent; provided that if the Company engages a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider
that provides a range of valuations, then the valuation for the purposes of this clause shall be equal to the mean of the highest and
lowest valuations of such range.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes any Alternative
MV, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense of the Company, obtain a written executable bid from two Independent Dealers for the full
notional amount of such Portfolio Investment and submit evidence of such bids to the Administrative Agent and the market value provided
by the Portfolio Manager shall be deemed to be the average of such bids.

The market value of any Portfolio Investment determined
in accordance with the immediately preceding two paragraphs will be the Market Value for the applicable Portfolio Investment from and
after the Business Day following receipt of notice of such executable bid or valuation by the Administrative Agent until the Administrative
Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment has changed,
in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with the definition of Market Value).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
(A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than the par amount thereof, (B) the Market Value of
any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero, (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any
bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agent's good faith and commercially reasonable
judgment: (i) such Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion
thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio Investment,
as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; or (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide, including due to
the insolvency of the Independent Dealer and (D) no valuation provided by a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider shall be effective
unless it is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and takes into account factors commonly used by market
participants in conducting valuation processes, including without limitation (i) industry and comparable company analysis, (ii) market
yield assumptions, (iii) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment's obligor
and (iv) historical material debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment's obligor; provided that,
for purposes of determining whether a valuation provided by a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider is reasonably acceptable to it,
the Administrative Agent shall take into account the fact that such valuation includes the factors set forth in clauses (D)(i) through
(iv) above.

- 19 - 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company,
the Portfolio Manager, each Lender and the Collateral Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment
in the Portfolio on a monthly basis or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio Manager; provided that the Company and the
Portfolio Manager hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may make available to the Company and the Portfolio Manager the Market
Value of each Portfolio Investment by posting such materials or information on the Financing Connect platform hosted by JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A. or another similar electronic system and such posting shall satisfy the Administrative Agent's requirements under this paragraph.
Any notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that the events set forth in clause (A)(i) of the definition of the
term Market Value Event have occurred and are continuing shall be accompanied by a written statement showing the then-current Market Value
of each Portfolio Investment.

"Market Value Cure" means, on any
date of determination, (i) the contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio Investments (subject to approval by the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 1.02) and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the
contribution of cash to the Company as an equity contribution (which amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account), (iii) the
sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment
by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) or (v) any combination
of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio
Manager, and in an amount such that immediately after giving effect to all such actions the Net Advances are less than the product of
(a) Net Asset Value and (b) the Market Value Cure Level; provided that (x) any Portfolio Investment contributed
to the Company in connection with the foregoing must meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by
the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied after such contribution, (y) a Portfolio Investment
shall be deemed to have been contributed to the Company if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment
of such Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager, such assignment will settle within
(1) ten (10) Business Days thereof, in the case of a Loan and (2) three (3) Business Days thereof, in the case of
any other Portfolio Investment and (z) the Portfolio Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment
within such time period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any cash deposited pursuant to clause (ii) above may, at the Company's discretion,
be transferred to the Principal Collection Account and be considered Principal Proceeds so long as (i) no Market Value Trigger Event
shall be occurring at the time of such transfer (or will occur after giving effect to such transfer) and (ii) the Administrative
Agent has confirmed in writing that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied at the time of such transfer (and will be satisfied after giving
effect to such transfer).

The Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to reply to any request for a consent under clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph not later than 5:00 p.m. New
York City time on the Business Day immediately succeeding the date on which it receives such request.

- 20 - 

"Market Value Cure Failure" means
the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term.

"Market Value Cure Level" has the
meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

"Market Value Cure Period" means
the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative Agent (which if received
after 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day) of
the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at the later of (x) the close of business in New York two (2) Business
Days thereafter and (y) such later date and time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email)
in its sole discretion; provided, that in the event the Parent delivers a Capital Call Confirmation Package satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall be extended
to the close of business ten (10) Business Days following the conclusion of such two (2) Business Day period (an "Extended
Cure Period"); provided, further, that (a) if the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Parent becomes aware
that any portion of the requested capital contribution(s) under such Capital Call Confirmation Package will not be timely made within
the applicable Extended Cure Period, then the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Parent, as applicable, shall provide the Administrative
Agent notice thereof as soon as reasonably practical (but no later than within one (1) Business Day) and the Market Value Cure Period
shall end on the earlier of (i) two (2) Business Days following the date the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Parent becomes
so aware and (ii) the conclusion of the applicable Extended Cure Period and (b) no more than one Capital Call Confirmation Package
may be delivered in any ten (10) Business Day period.

"Market Value Event" means (A) the
occurrence of both of the following events (i) a Market Value Trigger Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure Failure or (B) if
in connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed to the Company shall
fail to settle within (x) fifteen (15) Business Days from the related Trade Date thereof, in the case of a Loan or (y) three
(3) Business Days from the related Trade Date thereof, in the case of any other Portfolio Investment.

"Market Value Trigger" has the meaning
set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

"Market Value Trigger Event" means
an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified the Portfolio Manager in writing as of any date
that the Net Advances exceed the product of (a) the Net Asset Value and (b) the Market Value Trigger.

"Material Adverse Effect" means
a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company, the Seller
or the Portfolio Manager, (b) the ability of the Company, the Seller or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents.

"Material Amendment" means any amendment,
modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces the principal
amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones
the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder,
or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing Commitment,
(iv) effects changes to any provision in a manner that would alter the allocation of payments required hereby, (v) changes any
of the provisions of this definition or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number
or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder,
(vi) any increase in the advance rate percentage as set forth in the definition of "Advance Rate", (vii) changes any
of the provisions of the definition of "Reinvestment Period", (viii) effects any change in the provisions of the definition
of "Market Value Trigger" or "Market Value Cure Level", (ix) changes the scheduled date of expiration of the
"Non-Call Period" or (x) effects any change in the provisions of clause (m) of Article VII.

- 21 - 

"Maturity Date" means the date that
is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured
Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured
Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more
prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a Market Value Event on which all Portfolio
Investments have been sold and the proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company.

"Maximum Rate" has the meaning set
forth in Section 10.08.

"Mezzanine Obligation" means a Portfolio
Investment which is unsecured, subordinated debt of the obligor.

"Minimum Funding Amount" means,
on any date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below; provided that, upon the occurrence of any Commitment Increase
Date, thereafter the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the amount set forth in the last row below (after giving effect to any prior Commitment
Increase Request) plus (i) during the period commencing on such Commitment Increase Date and ending on (but excluding) the
date that is three calendar months thereafter, 55% of the increase in the Financing Commitment resulting from the Commitment Increase
Request, (ii) during the period commencing on the date that is three calendar months after such Commitment Increase Date and ending
on (but excluding) the date that is six calendar months thereafter, 65% of the increase in the Financing Commitment resulting from the
Commitment Increase Request and (iii) thereafter, 80% of the increase in the Financing Commitment resulting from the Commitment Increase
Request:

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount 

(% of Financing Commitment)

Original Effective Date September 27, 2021 40

September 28, 2021 March 27, 2022 55

March 28, 2022 June 27, 2022 65

June 28, 2022 Last day of the Reinvestment Period 80

"MV Cure Account" means the account
established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection
with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

- 22 - 

"Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider"
means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Hilco, (iii) Duff & Phelps, (iv) Alvarez &
Marsal and (v) Houlihan Lokey; provided that any independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be
added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this definition by the Administrative
Agent from time to time by notice thereof to the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, further, that the Administrative
Agent may remove any provider from this definition by written notice to the Company and the Portfolio Manager so long as, after giving
effect to such removal, there are at least three providers designated pursuant to this definition.

"Net Advances" means the principal
amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments which have
traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing
Principal Proceeds (other than Principal Proceeds that have been designated to pay a portion of the purchase price in respect of any Purchase
Commitments which have traded but not settled).

"Net Asset Value" means, on any
date of determination, the sum of (A) the sum of the product for each Portfolio Investment, other than, for any Loan, the unfunded
commitment amount of a Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan of (x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment multiplied
by (y) the funded principal amount of such Portfolio Investment plus (B) the amounts then on deposit in the Unfunded
Exposure Account and each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account (each including cash and Eligible Investments);
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which
has traded but not settled within (x) fifteen (15) Business Days, in the case of a Loan or (y) three (3) Business Days,
in the case of any other Portfolio Investment (or, in each case, such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof and (3) any Ineligible Investments will be excluded from the calculation of
the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes.

"Non-Call Period" means the period
beginning on, and including, the Original Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the end of the Reinvestment Period.

"Non-Traded Portfolio Investment"
means any Portfolio Investment that, on the applicable date of determination, (i) in the case of a Loan, has less than three bids
available through LoanX/Markit Group Limited and (ii) in the case of a Bond, has a traded volume through TRACE of less than U.S.$2,000,000.

"Notice of Acquisition" has the
meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

"NYFRB" means the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York.

"NYFRB's Website" means the website
of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

"NYFRB Rate" means, for any day,
the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect
on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such
rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term "NYFRB Rate" means the rate for a federal funds transaction
quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected
by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0.0%, such rate shall be deemed
to be 0.0% for purposes of this Agreement.

- 23 - 

"Original Effective Date" means
June 28, 2021.

"Other Connection Taxes" means,
with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its
obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant
to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document).

"Other Taxes" means all present
or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the
execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise
with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment.

"Overnight Bank Funding Rate" means,
for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed
banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB's Website
from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate.

"Parent" means Stone Point Credit
Corporation.

"Participant Register" has the meaning
specified in Section 10.06(d).

"Participating Member State" means
any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating
to Economic and Monetary Union.

"Participation Interest" means a
participation interest in a Loan.

"PATRIOT Act" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.04(f).

"Payment" has the meaning set forth
in Section 10.14(c)(i).

"Payment Notice" has the meaning
set forth in Section 10.14(c)(ii).

"Permitted Distribution" means,
on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds or Portfolio Investments (in each case, at the discretion
of the Company) to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company) or to the Portfolio Manager in respect of any accrued
management fees; provided that (x) Interest Proceeds may be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of
available Excess Interest Proceeds and (y) Principal Proceeds and Portfolio Investments may be distributed pursuant to this definition
only following the Ramp-Up Period and during the Reinvestment Period and Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds and Portfolio Investments
may be distributed pursuant to this definition only so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
(or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (ii) no Market Value Event shall have occurred (or would occur
after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iii) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving
effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iv) [reserved], (v) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days' prior written
notice thereof (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (vi) not more than three Permitted Distributions are made in any single Calculation
Period, (vii) the Company pays to the Lenders on the date of such Permitted Distribution all accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances
as of the date of such Permitted Distribution and (viii) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be
by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth herein are
satisfied. Nothing in this definition shall limit the right of the Company to make a Permitted Tax Distribution.

- 24 - 

"Permitted Lien" means any of the
following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting
the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided
on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, warehousemen's, mechanics', carriers', workmen's and
repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue
or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting
an Event of Default hereunder, (e) bankers' Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash
and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business
in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management,
operating account arrangements and netting arrangements, (f) with respect to any collateral underlying a Portfolio Investment, the
Lien in favor of the Company and Liens permitted under the related Underlying Instruments and (g) as to agented Portfolio Investments,
Liens in favor of the agent under the applicable transaction documents.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency" means
each of AUD, Euros, CAD and GBP.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening
Notice" has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a).

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts"
means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD
Currency Principal Collection Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts, collectively.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts"
means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collections Account and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Accounts, collectively.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts"
means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency and set forth
on the Transaction Schedule to which Portfolio Investments, Eligible Investments and other financial assets denominated in such Permitted
Non-USD Currency may be credited, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities
Intermediary.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Equivalent"
means, with respect to any amount in USD, the amount of any Permitted Non-USD Currency that could be purchased with such amount of USD
using the reciprocal foreign exchange rate(s) obtained as described in the definition of the term Spot Rate.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection
Accounts" means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency
and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Interest Proceeds denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any
successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

- 25 - 

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection
Accounts" means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency
and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Principal Proceeds denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any
successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure
Accounts" means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency
and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount denominated
in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities
Intermediary.

"Permitted Tax Distribution" means
distributions to the Parent (from the Collection Account or otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Parent to make sufficient distributions
to qualify as a regulated investment company, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Parent
in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent (or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of
any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed 115%
of the amounts that the Company would have been required to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the Company to satisfy the minimum
distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility
to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Company's
liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of
the Code (or any successor thereto) and (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor
thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Company's liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to
Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the
Company had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code and (B) amounts may be distributed pursuant to
this definition only from Excess Interest Proceeds and so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied
after giving effect to such Permitted Tax Distribution), (ii) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days' prior notice
thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (iii) if any such Permitted Tax Distributions
are made after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted Tax Distributions made in any
90 calendar day period shall not exceed U.S.$1,500,000 (or such higher amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent in writing (including
via email) in its reasonable discretion), (iv) the Company pays to the Lenders on the date of such Permitted Tax Distribution all
accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances as of the date of such Permitted Tax Distribution and (v) the Company and the Administrative
Agent have confirmed in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to
a Permitted Tax Distribution set forth herein are satisfied.

"Permitted Working Capital Lien"
has meaning set forth in the definition of "Senior Secured Obligation".

"Person" means any natural person,
corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether
acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

- 26 - 

"Plan" means any "employee
benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of
ERISA established by the Company, the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate.

"Plan Asset Rules" means the regulations
issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States
Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

"Portfolio" means all Portfolio
Investments Purchased hereunder and not otherwise sold or liquidated.

"Portfolio Investment Material Event"
means (i) any default (after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement) in respect of a Portfolio Investment as a result
of (A) a failure to make any payment of principal or interest due thereunder, (B) a breach of any financial covenant applicable
thereto, (C) a bankruptcy or insolvency event thereunder, (D) a failure to perfect or maintain the perfection of any security
interest or lien granted thereunder with respect to a material portion of the collateral thereunder or (E) a change of control event
thereunder; (ii) any acceleration of indebtedness under a Portfolio Investment in accordance with its terms (including the terms
of its Underlying Instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in such Underlying Instruments) or (iii) any
other event or circumstance with respect to a Portfolio Investment or the related obligor that is (in the determination of the Company
or the Portfolio Manager taking into account the circumstances at the time that the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives notice of
such event or circumstance) material to the credit quality of the Portfolio Investment or the creditworthiness of the related obligor.

"Portfolio Investments" has the
meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Portfolio Manager" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Prime Rate" means the rate of interest
per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City; each
change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective.

"Principal Collection Account" means
the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Principal
Proceeds denominated in USD, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Principal Proceeds" means all amounts
received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all amounts otherwise on deposit in the Collateral Accounts
(including cash contributed by the Company), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account.

"Priority of Payments" has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.05.

"Proceeding" has the meaning set
forth in Section 10.07(b).

- 27 - 

"Purchase" means each acquisition
of a Portfolio Investment hereunder (other than by Substitution), including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of a contribution by the
Parent to the Company or acquisition of a Participation Interest pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

"Purchase Commitment" has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.02(a).

"Ramp-Up Period" means the period
from and including the Original Effective Date to, but excluding, June 28, 2022.

"Reference Rate" means (i) with
respect to Advances denominated in USD and related calculations, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated
in CAD and related calculations, Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated in GBP and related calculations,
Daily Simple SONIA, (iv) with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated in AUD and related calculations, the AUD Screen Rate and
(v) with respect to Tranche B Advances denominated in Euros and related calculations, EURIBOR. The Reference Rate shall be determined
by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator), and such determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error.

"Reference Time" with respect to
any setting of the then-current Benchmark means the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

"Register" has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.01(c).

"Reinvestment Period" means the
period beginning on, and including, the Original Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the earliest of (i) June 27, 2027,
(ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs and (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs.

"Related Parties" has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.01.

"Relevant Governmental Body" means,
with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, (a) the central bank
for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising
either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or
committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated,
(2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the
administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability
Board or any part thereof.

"Request for Advance" has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.03(d).

"Required Lenders" means (a) JPMCB
and its Affiliates (in each case, so long as such Person is a Lender hereunder) and (b) the other Lenders (other than any Defaulting
Lender), if any, holding, together with the Persons set forth in clause (a) above, 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Advances (other than outstanding Advances of Defaulting Lenders excluded pursuant to this clause (b))
plus (ii) the aggregate undrawn amount of the Financing Commitments (other than the undrawn amount of the Financing Commitments
of Defaulting Lenders excluded pursuant to this clause (b)).

"Responsible Officer" means (i) with
respect to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator, any president, vice president, assistant
vice president or other officer within the corporate trust department of such Person customarily performing functions with respect to
corporate trust matters and, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such
matter is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct
responsibility for the administration of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Person not set forth in clause (i) above,
any president, vice president, assistant vice president or other officer within the corporate department of such Person customarily performing
functions with respect to corporate matters and, with respect to a particular corporate matter under this Agreement, any other officer
to whom such matter is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case,
having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement.

- 28 - 

"Restricted Payment" means (i) any
dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any
shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar
payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity interests in the Company
now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options
or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding.

"Reuters" means Thomson Reuters
Corp., Refinitiv or any successor thereto.

"Revolving Loan" means any Loan
(other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines) that under the Underlying
Instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such Loan will be
a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or
are irrevocably reduced to zero.

"Sale Agreement" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Sanctioned Country" means, at any
time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Syria and Crimea).

"Sanctioned Person" means, at any
time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control
of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
any EU member state, His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating,
organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the
foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions.

"Sanctions" means economic or financial
sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant
sanctions authority.

"Second Amendment Effective Date"
means January 28, 2022.

- 29 - 

"Second Amendment Effective Date Letter"
means the letter agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

"Second Lien Obligation" means a
Loan or Bond that (i) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject
to liens permitted under the related Underlying Instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar obligations) under Applicable
Law (other than a Loan or Bond that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines
in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan or Bond (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of
origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding balances
of all other Loans or Bonds, as applicable, of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral.

"Secured Obligation" has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.02(a).

"Secured Party" has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.02(a).

"Securities Intermediary" has the
meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Seller" has the meaning set forth
in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Senior Secured Obligation" means
any Loan or Bond that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right of payment to any obligation
of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant
to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable Underlying Instruments), (ii) is
secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject
to liens permitted under the applicable Underlying Instruments that are reasonable for similar Loans, and liens accorded priority by law
in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments,
chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the
UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority
lien on such assets a "Permitted Working Capital Lien") and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to
liens permitted under the related Underlying Instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar obligations) in all other collateral
under Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan or
Bond (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof
plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans or Bonds, as applicable, of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority
Lien over the same collateral.

"Settlement Date" has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.03.

"SOFR" means, for purposes of CME
Term SOFR Administrator and the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR Reference
Rate.

"Solvent" means, with respect to
any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Person's debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed
the present fair value of such Person's present assets; (b) such Person's capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business
as contemplated on the Original Effective Date; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as
they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time
shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that
can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

- 30 - 

"SONIA" means, with respect to any
Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such business day published by the SONIA Administrator
on the SONIA Administrator's Website.

"SONIA Administrator" means The
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

"SONIA Administrator's Website"
means the Bank of England's website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index
Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time.

"Spot Rate" means, as of any date
of determination and with respect to any then-current Permitted Non-USD Currency, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between
USD and CAD, Euros or GBP and the calculations made pursuant to Section 1.06(b), the applicable currency-USD rate available through
the Collateral Agent's banking facilities (or, if the Collateral Agent has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will
no longer provide such services or if U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or one of its Affiliates is no longer the Collateral
Agent, through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) at the time of such exchange or calculation and (y) with
respect to all other purposes between USD and CAD, Euros or GBP, the applicable currency-USD spot rate that appeared on the BFIX page of
Bloomberg Professional Service (or any successor thereto) (or such other recognized service or publication reasonably selected by the
Administrative Agent for purposes of determining currency spot rates in the ordinary course of its business from time to time) for such
currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day, as reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent (with notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator). The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

"Stage 1" means the period commencing
on the Original Effective Date and ending on (and including) the earlier of (i) December 28, 2022 and (ii) any earlier
date designated by the Portfolio Manager upon not less than five (5) Business Days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent
(with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator), which notice shall specify the date on which Stage 1 will terminate
and certify that the Company will comply with the Base Obligor Limitations as of such date.

"Subsidiary" of a Person means a
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities
or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests
having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is
otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.

"Substitution" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.08.

"Substitution Date" has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.03.

"Substitute Portfolio Investment"
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.08.

- 31 - 

"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system is open.

"Taxes" means all present or future
taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by
any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

"Term CORRA" means, for each Calculation
Period relating to an Advance denominated in CAD, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months, as such rate
is published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the Term CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period; provided, however,
that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination Date the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor has not
been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not
occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first
preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided,
further, that, in the event that the rate resulting from the sum of any Term CORRA shall be less than zero, such rate shall be
deemed to be the zero for purposes of this Agreement.

"Term CORRA Administrator" means
Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator.

"Term CORRA Determination Date"
means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Calculation
Period.

"Term CORRA Reference Rate" the
forward-looking term rate based on CORRA.

"Term SOFR Rate" means, for each
Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two
(2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period for rates with a tenor of three months, as such rate is published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than 0%, such rate shall
be deemed to be 0% for the purposes of this Agreement.

"Term SOFR Reference Rate" means,
for any day and time (such day, the "Term SOFR Determination Day"), for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance
denominated in USD, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on the overnight
funding rate ("SOFR"). If by 5:00 pm (Central Standard time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following any
Term SOFR Determination Day, the "Term SOFR Reference Rate" for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term
SOFR Administrator, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published
in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator,
so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

"Trade Date" has the meaning set
forth in Section 1.03.

"Tranche" means the Tranche A Advances
or the Tranche B Advances, as applicable.

"Tranche A Advances" means all advances
made by the Lenders as part of the Tranche A Financing Commitment upon the terms set forth in this Agreement.

- 32 - 

"Tranche A Financing Commitment"
means, with respect to each Tranche A Lender, the Tranche A Financing Commitment of the Lenders set forth in the Transaction Schedule
or in the assignment and assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Tranche A Advances shall only be made in U.S. Dollars.

"Tranche A Lenders" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Tranche Allocation" means, with
respect to any payment in accordance with this Agreement, if the source of funds for such payment (whether proceeds of a sale of a Portfolio
Investment, Principal Proceeds, Interest Proceeds, amounts on deposit in a Collateral Account or otherwise) is denominated in (a) USD,
the application of such payment pro rata in accordance with the aggregate principal amount of Tranche A Advances and Tranche B Advances
denominated in U.S. dollars then outstanding and (b) a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the application of such payment pro rata in accordance
with the aggregate principal amount of Tranche B Advances denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency then outstanding. If, following
the application of payments in accordance with the foregoing clauses (a) and/or (b), the amounts payable in the applicable
Currency of such Tranche(s) have been fully satisfied, any excess amounts available (whether proceeds of a sale of a Portfolio Investment,
Principal Proceeds, Interest Proceeds, amounts on deposit in a Collateral Account or otherwise, as applicable) will, with respect
to amounts in other Currencies which are not paid in full following the application of payments in accordance with the foregoing clauses
(a) and/or (b), be applied pro rata in accordance with the aggregate principal amount of Tranche A Advances and Tranche
B Advances of such other Currencies then outstanding (with any required Currency conversion to be made in accordance with Section 4.06(b) or
(c), as applicable); provided that, with respect to the sale of a Portfolio Investment following the occurrence of an Event
of Default or Market Value Event, any proceeds received in a Currency other than the Currency in which such Portfolio Investment is denominated
shall first be applied to amounts due and payable in the Currency in which such Portfolio Investment is denominated (with any required
Currency conversion to be made in accordance with Section 4.06(b) or (c), as applicable).

"Tranche B Advances" means all advances
made by the Lenders as part of the Tranche B Financing Commitment upon the terms set forth in this Agreement.

"Tranche B Financing Commitment"
means, with respect to each Tranche B Lender, the Tranche B Financing Commitment of the Lenders set forth in the Transaction Schedule
or in the assignment and assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Tranche B Advances may be made in U.S. Dollars and/or any Permitted Non-USD Currency, as applicable.

"Tranche B Lenders" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"Transaction Schedule" has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

"UCC" means the Uniform Commercial
Code in effect in the State of New York.

"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement"
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the
purposes of this Agreement.

- 33 - 

"Uncertificated Security" has the
meaning set forth in the UCC.

"Underlying Instruments" means the
loan agreement, credit agreement, indenture or other agreement pursuant to which a Portfolio Investment has been issued or created and
each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Portfolio Investment or of which the holders
of such Portfolio Investment are the beneficiaries.

"Unfunded Exposure Account" means
the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash
collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount denominated in USD and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation
or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

"Unfunded Exposure Amount" means,
on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate amount
of all unfunded commitments associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan.

"Unfunded Exposure Shortfall" means,
on any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0 and (ii) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount for all
Portfolio Investments minus the sum of (x) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account and the Permitted Non-USD
Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts and (y) 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount.

"USD" and "U.S.$"
means United States dollars.

"USD Collateral Accounts" has the
meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

"U.S. Person" means any Person that
is a "United States Person" as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

"U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f).

"Working Capital Revolver" means
a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, which
current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligor's total assets.

In this Agreement and in each other Loan Document,
unless a contrary intention expressly appears:

(a) the
singular number includes the plural number and vice versa;

(b) reference
to any Person includes such Person's successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by the
Loan Documents;

(c) reference
to any gender includes each other gender;

(d) reference
to day or days without further qualification means calendar days;

(e) reference
to any time means New York City time;

(f) reference
to the words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without
limitation";

- 34 - 

(g) reference
to any agreement (including any Loan Document), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified,
waived, supplemented, restated or replaced and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the
terms of the other Loan Documents, and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note that is an extension or renewal
thereof or a substitute or replacement therefor;

(h) reference
to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect
from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any Section or other provision of
any Applicable Law means that provision of such Applicable Law from time to time in effect and constituting the substantive amendment,
modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other provision; and

(i) reference
to the par or principal amount of any Portfolio Investment shall, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, be calculated exclusive
of accrued interest.

ARTICLE I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01.Purchases
of Portfolio Investments. On the Original Effective Date, the Company acquired certain Initial Portfolio Investments from the Seller
pursuant to the Sale Agreement via Participation Interest, subject to the conditions specified in this Agreement. From time to time during
the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased
for the Company's account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

SECTION 1.02.Procedures
for Purchases and Related Advances.

(a)Timing
of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may
agree in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to acquire any Portfolio Investment
(other than an Initial Portfolio Investment acquired on the Original Effective Date or with a Trade Date on or prior to the 60th calendar
day following the Original Effective Date) be made by it or for its account (a "Purchase Commitment"), the Portfolio
Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a notice of acquisition (a "Notice of Acquisition").

(b)Contents
of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent
(in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree
(which shall initially be the format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and shall
be accompanied by such other information (to the extent available to the Company) as the Administrative Agent may request.

(c)Eligibility
of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of the Lenders, to request in writing additional
information (to the extent available to the Company) regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Portfolio Manager and the Company (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment
proposed to be acquired pursuant to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, (x) an initial determination of the Market Value for
such Portfolio Investment and (y) whether it elects to designate such Portfolio Investment as a Specified Investment) no later than
the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information
(to the extent available to the Company) requested in writing in connection therewith; provided that the failure of the Administrative
Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with this Section 1.02(c) shall
be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the Administrative
Agent has approved a Notice of Acquisition (and such approval has not been withdrawn prior to the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment)
with respect to a Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment has not yet been
Purchased, if the Trade Date for such Portfolio Investment is after the 30th calendar day following the date of such approval, such Portfolio
Investment shall constitute an Ineligible Investment until the date on which the Administrative Agent approves a subsequent Notice of
Acquisition with respect to such Portfolio Investment. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.02 to the contrary, neither the
Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall be required to submit a Notice of Acquisition with respect to the Initial Portfolio
Investments and the Initial Portfolio Investments will be deemed to be approved in accordance with this clause (c) provided that
such Initial Portfolio Investment is acquired on the Original Effective Date or the Trade Date for such Initial Portfolio Investment is
on or prior 60th calendar day following the Original Effective Date.

- 35 - 

(d)The
failure of the Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring
such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio Investment not
so approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio
Investment is so approved.

SECTION 1.03.Conditions
to Purchases.

No Purchase Commitment, Purchase or Substitution
shall be entered into or made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the date on which such Purchase Commitment is
entered into or such Purchase would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investment's "Trade Date") or, in the case of a
Substitution, the date on which the Company consummates such Substitution (the "Substitution Date"):

(1)the
information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio Investment and, unless
waived by the Administrative Agent (as set forth below), such Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule
3 (the "Eligibility Criteria");

(2)with
respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than (x) in the case of a Loan, the
date that is fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after
such Trade Date or (y) in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, the date that is three (3) Business Days (or, in each
case, such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such Trade Date;

(3)no
Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event
of Default (a "Default"), has occurred and is continuing, and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and

- 36 - 

(4)after
giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and the related Advance or such Substitution, the Borrowing Base
Test is satisfied.

The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders,
may waive in its sole discretion any conditions to a Purchase Commitment, Purchase or Substitution, as the case may be, specified above
in this Section 1.03 by written notice (including via email) to the Company, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager
and the Collateral Agent.

If the above conditions to a Purchase Commitment,
a Purchase or a Substitution are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent (as shall be deemed certified upon delivery by the Company
(or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) of any trade ticket, direction or other instruction relating to purchase), the Portfolio Manager
shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator,
the date on which such Purchase (if any) or Substitution (if any) shall settle (the "Settlement Date" for such Portfolio
Investment). Promptly following the Settlement Date for a Portfolio Investment and its receipt thereof (and at other times thereafter
promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including via email)), the Collateral Agent shall provide to the
Administrative Agent, to the extent received by the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, a copy of the executed assignment
agreement or executed credit agreement evidencing the Company's purchase (or, in the case of a Portfolio Investment that is not a Loan,
the executed purchase agreement or similar instrument) pursuant to which such Portfolio Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred
to the Company.

SECTION 1.04.Sales
of Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset
without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), except that, subject to Section 6.02(w),
(a) the Company may sell any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset without such consent so long
as (x) immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, no Market Value Event has occurred and no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, (y) after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Trigger Event and no Default or Event of Default
will occur and (z) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be on an arm's-length basis at fair market value and in accordance
with the Portfolio Manager's standard market practices and (b) the Company may effect Substitutions in accordance with Section 1.08.
In addition, within two (2) Business Days of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming
an Ineligible Investment, the Company, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, shall sell such
Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale. Any trade ticket or other
direction or instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition
of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset shall be deemed to constitute a certification that any related conditions have been satisfied.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition of a
Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without limitation, the transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts)
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the
Administrative Agent), (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to sell Portfolio Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) at the sole direction
of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required
by the Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders
and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the Administrative Agent's standard market practices)
and the proceeds from such sales shall be used to prepay the Advances (in accordance with the Tranche Allocation) outstanding hereunder
and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no right to act on behalf of, or otherwise
direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments
pursuant to any provision of this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence
of a Market Value Event and in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent,
the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via email) to facilitate
the consummation of such sale.

- 37 - 

Any prepayments made pursuant to the immediately
preceding paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(c).

In connection with any sale of Portfolio Investments
required by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative
Agent shall:

(i)notify
the Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio
Investments; and

(ii)direct
the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides the
highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the
Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to purchase a Portfolio Investment
on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on
a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept
any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any
other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool) is greater than any bid on a pool basis.

For purposes of this paragraph, the Administrative
Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agent's
judgment (acting reasonably):

(A)either:

(x)the
Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments;
or

(y)the
Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent required
under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer
of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or

(B)such
bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or (y) the
inability, failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any
portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform its obligations generally.

- 38 - 

In connection with any sale of a Portfolio Investment
directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04 and the application of the net proceeds thereof, the Company hereby
appoints the Administrative Agent as the Company's attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed
to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company
and in the name of the Company to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without limitation, the power to execute
any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in respect of the application of net proceeds of any such sales).

In connection with the sale of any or all Portfolio
Investment(s) directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04, if (x) the Administrative Agent has not
yet entered into an agreement or agreements to sell the Portfolio Investments in an amount sufficient to satisfy the Secured Obligations,
(y) JPMCB (or any of its Affiliates) has not yet assigned its Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 10.06 herein and (z) the
Company diligently pursued a Market Value Cure, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, then the Administrative
Agent, in its sole good faith discretion, subject to the other terms of this Section 1.04, shall consider (but shall be under no
obligation to accept) any cash purchase bid or bids submitted by the Portfolio Manager or the Company via an Independent Dealer (and actually
received by the Administrative Agent from such Independent Dealer) during the period of three (3) Business Days following the occurrence
of the related Market Value Event, if the aggregate amount of such bids is sufficient to repay the Secured Obligations in full on or before
the proposed settlement date of any other bid or bids received by the Administrative Agent.

None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the
Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall incur any liability
to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection with any sale effected at the direction of the Administrative
Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without limitation, as a result of the price obtained for any Portfolio Investment,
the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any
such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent only, any such sale does not violate Applicable
Law.

SECTION 1.05.Certain
Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments.

For purposes of all calculations hereunder, any
Portfolio Investment for which the trade date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the settlement date for such
sale has not occurred, shall be considered to be owned by the Company until such settlement date.

SECTION 1.06.Currency
Equivalents. (a)Except as set forth in clause
(b) and Section 4.06(b), for purposes of all valuations and calculations under the Loan Documents, (i) the principal amount
of all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, (ii) proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency
on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account and (iii) for the purposes of Net Advances and the Borrowing Base Test, the
outstanding aggregate principal amount of Tranche B Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be calculated into the
USD equivalent at the Spot Rate in accordance with clause (y) of the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative
Agent on the applicable date of valuation or calculation, as applicable.

- 39 - 

(b)Except
as provided in Section 4.06(b), for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Advance, together with all other
Advances then outstanding or to be made at the same time as such Advances, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitments,
(ii) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Financing Commitments and (iii) the limitations on the portion of the Financing
Limit and the Financing Commitment that may be utilized in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the principal amount of Tranche B Advances denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advances
determined as of the date such Advances were made. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with an Advance, an amount, such as a required
minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in USD, but such Advance is denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amount shall be
the Permitted Non-USD Currency Equivalent of such USD amount (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency), calculated pursuant to clause (y) of the definition of Spot Rate.

SECTION 1.07.Additional
Equity Contributions. The Parent may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to time make a capital contribution
to the Company for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default or Event of Default, in connection with a Market Value
Cure, satisfying any Borrowing Base Test, enabling the acquisition or sale of any Portfolio Investment or satisfying any conditions under
Section 2.04. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in cash, (b) by assignment and contribution of Cash Equivalents
and/or (c) by assignment and contribution of a Portfolio Investment that satisfies all of the Eligibility Criteria and the Concentration
Limitations and could otherwise have been sold to the Company in compliance with this Agreement.

SECTION 1.08.Substitution.
The Company may replace a Portfolio Investment with another Portfolio Investment (each such replacement, a "Substitution"
and such new Portfolio Investment, a "Substitute Portfolio Investment") so long as the Company has submitted a Notice
of Acquisition and all other conditions precedent set forth in Section 1.03(1), (3) and (4) have been satisfied with respect
to each Substitute Portfolio Investment to be acquired by the Company in connection with such Substitution. In no event shall the sum
of the principal balance of all Affiliate Portfolio Investments sold by the Company to the Parent, or any Affiliate thereof, or released
to the Parent as a dividend, in each case including in connection with any Substitution, exceed ten percent (10%) of the Affiliate Purchased
Investment Balance.

ARTICLE II

THE AdvanceS

SECTION 2.01.Financing
Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally
agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in the applicable Currency specified in Section 2.03(c) below, in an aggregate
amount outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lender's Financing Commitment (or such Lender's Financing Commitment relating to
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency). The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the last day of the
Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the occurrence of a Market Value Event; provided that notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, in the case that the Financing Commitments have terminated pursuant to clauses (a) or
(c) above, each Lender shall nonetheless remain obligated to fund each Advance requested in connection with the Purchase of Portfolio
Investment(s) for which (i) the Trade Date occurred prior to the termination of the Financing Commitments, but the Settlement
Date has not yet occurred and (ii) the Administrative Agent approved the acquisition of such Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.03
prior to the termination of the Financing Commitments and prior to the occurrence of a Market Value Event, a Default or an Event of Default
(other than a Default or an Event of Default pursuant to clauses (a), (e), (f) or (g) of Article VII or an Event of Default
pursuant to clauses (d) or (m) of Article VII).

- 40 - 

SECTION 2.02.[Reserved].

SECTION 2.03.Advances;
Use of Proceeds.

(a)Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or an Advance
set forth in Section 2.05 as of (i) the related Trade Date and/or Settlement Date, as applicable, and/or (ii) the Advance
date, as applicable, the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with the aggregate undrawn amount of their respective Financing Commitments)
make the applicable Advance available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio
Investment is being acquired on such date) as provided herein. If the Company requests an Advance for application to a Permitted Distribution,
the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with the aggregate undrawn amount of their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable
Advance available to the Company on the date requested by the Company subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Advance
set forth in Section 2.05. Each request for an Advance denominated in USD shall be deemed to be a concurrent request for both Tranche
A Advances and Tranche B Advances, which the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with the aggregate undrawn amount of their respective
Financing Commitments) make available to the Company as provided herein.

(b)Except
as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its
obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent
may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by such Lender to satisfy
such Lender's obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

(c)Subject
to Section 2.03(f), the Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to (x) Purchase the Portfolio
Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition, (y) to make advances to the obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans or
Revolving Loans in accordance with the Underlying Instruments relating thereto or (z) to make a Permitted Distribution specified
in the related Request for Advance; provided that, if the proceeds of an Advance designated for the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment
are deposited in the Principal Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account as provided in Section 3.01
prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the
related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a),
upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as provided in Section 4.05 (but without
premium or penalty). Except as otherwise set forth in the Effective Date Letter, the proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any
other purpose. Advances made for the Purchase of Portfolio Investments or making advances to the obligor of a Delayed Funding Term Loan
or Revolving Loan shall be made in the Currency in which such Portfolio Investment is denominated unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative
Agent in writing (including via email).

- 41 - 

(d)With
respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(a "Request for Advance") to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, one (1) Business Day prior to the Business Day specified as the
date on which such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the
terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related
purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

(e)If
any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, all or any part of any Advance not made by such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the
non-Defaulting Lenders who notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email) that they will accept such reallocation, on
a pro rata basis (determined without regard to the outstanding Advances and Financing Commitments of the Defaulting Lender and any non-Defaulting
Lender not providing such notice), but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such
non-Defaulting Lender's outstanding Advances and unfunded commitments hereunder to exceed its Financing Commitment.

(f)If,
on any date of determination prior to the second Business Day before the last day of the Reinvestment Period, there exists an Unfunded
Exposure Shortfall, the Company shall (i) request an Advance and, if the conditions to such Advance are satisfied and such Advance
is made in accordance with this Agreement, deposit the proceeds thereof in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account and/or (ii) deposit cash from other sources into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or
each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure
Shortfall. If two Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Amount, then the Portfolio
Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding
Advance on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by the
Administrative Agent) in accordance with Article III in an amount, to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount, (ii) the
Financing Commitments in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances under the applicable Tranche(s) and
(iii) an amount such that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the
Company provides evidence to the Administrative Agent that it has cash from other sources that is available in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement to make any such future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan, then so long as such cash is deposited
in accordance with the succeeding sentence, the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such funds. The Company shall
cause (x) the proceeds of such Advance to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Unfunded Exposure Account, on the last day of the Reinvestment Period and (y) cash from other sources that are available
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement referred to in the immediately preceding sentence to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure
Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account not later than one Business Day prior to the last
day of the Reinvestment Period, such that the aggregate amounts under clauses (x) and (y) above (together with amounts already
on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account equal or exceed the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount). Any Advance requested (or deemed
requested), and any deposit of cash into an Unfunded Exposure Account, (A) shall be made in the Currency or Currencies of the Unfunded
Exposure Amount, (B) any such Advance, if denominated in USD, shall be allocated on a pro rata basis between each Tranche based on
the aggregate amount of undrawn Tranche A Financing Commitments and Tranche B Financing Commitments and (C) any such Advance, if
denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, shall be allocated on a pro rata basis between the undrawn Tranche B Financing Commitments.

- 42 - 

SECTION 2.04.Conditions
to Amended and Restated Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become effective
until the date (the "Amended and Restated Effective Date") on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or
waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion):

(a)Executed
Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of
this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which
may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this
Agreement.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)Opinions.
The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the
Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Parent, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in writing.

(d)Corporate
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably
request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters
relating to the Company and the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)PATRIOT
Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent or such Lender,
as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "PATRIOT Act") and other applicable "know
your customer" and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies as a "legal
entity customer" under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Amended and Restated Effective Date,
any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the Amended and Restated Effective Date, a
Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification.

(g)Filings.
Copies of proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of
all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured
Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder and the backup security interest of the Company in the Portfolio
Investments acquired by it pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

(h)Certain
Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending
lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name
the Company as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized and (ii) such other searches reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate.

- 43 - 

(i)Officer's
Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying
that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Amended and Restated Effective
Date.

(j)Other
Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require.

SECTION 2.05.Conditions
to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent
in writing (including via email) in its sole discretion) as of the proposed date of such Advance (as shall be certified by the Company):

(1)the
Amended and Restated Effective Date shall have occurred;

(2)the
Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d);

(3)subject
to Section 2.01, no Market Value Event has occurred;

(4)subject
to Section 2.01, no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing;

(5)the
Reinvestment Period has not ended;

(6)all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and

(7)after
giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase) hereunder:

(x)subject
to Section 2.01, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied;

(y)the
principal balance (i) of Advances, in the aggregate, then outstanding will not exceed the aggregate limit for Advances and (ii) of
Tranche A Advances and Tranche B Advances, individually, then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances with respect to each
Tranche, in each case, as set forth in the Transaction Schedule; and

(z)in
the case of an Advance made in connection with a Purchase, the amount of such Advance shall be not less than U.S.$2,000,000.

- 44 - 

If the above conditions to an Advance are satisfied
or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice
to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided.

SECTION 2.06.Commitment
Increase Option.

The Company may, at any time during the Reinvestment
Period, submit a Commitment Increase Request for an increase in the Financing Commitment to up to $1,000,000,000 (in the aggregate), subject
to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a)the
Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) approves in writing (which may be by email) such Commitment Increase Request;

(b)no
Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case on and as of the Commitment
Increase Date;

(c)the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Commitment Increase Date;

(d)all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;

(e)no
commitment reduction shall have occurred pursuant to Section 4.07(a) due to JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceasing
to act as Administrative Agent prior to the Commitment Increase Date;

(f)the
Company shall have paid on the Commitment Increase Date to or for the account of the applicable Lenders in accordance with Section 4.06
a fee in an aggregate amount specified in the Effective Date Letter (and, with respect to each Lender that is a party to a Lender Fee
Letter, the amount specified in such Lender Fee Letter);

(g)any
Commitment Increase Request shall be in an amount not less than $50,000,000;

(h)as
of the date of the Commitment Increase Request, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances is at least $200,000,000 (or,
if any previous Commitment Increase Date(s) have occurred, at least $200,000,000 plus 80% of the increase in the Financing Commitment
on each such previous Commitment Increase Date); and

(i)receipt
by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation,
documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Amended and Restated Effective Date.

Unless otherwise agreed among JPMCB and any Affiliate
thereof that is a Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company, each increase to the Financing Commitment of the Lenders on a Commitment
Increase Date shall be allocated to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender in the amount(s) designated by such Lenders
to the Administrative Agent. Any portion of such increase remaining after allocation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence
(and after allocation of such increase to any additional lender providing all or a portion of such increase) shall be allocated to the
Lenders that have notified the Administrative Agent that they wish to participate in such increase on a pro rata basis (determined without
giving effect to the Financing Commitments of JPMCB and its Affiliates).

- 45 - 

SECTION 2.07. Replacement
of Lenders.

If any Lender is a
Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require
such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required
by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.03) and obligations
under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be
another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that,(a)the
Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06;

(b)such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued
fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts);

(c)such
assignment does not conflict with applicable law;

(d)such
assignee shall not be an Affiliate of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the assigning Defaulting Lender; and

(e)the
Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent with respect to any assignee that is not already a Lender
hereunder, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment
or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require
such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

ARTICLE III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01.The
Advances.

(a)Making
the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then each Lender shall
make such Advance in the applicable Currency on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral
Agent for deposit to the Principal Collection Account (or, in the case of Tranche B Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency,
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account) (or, to the extent set forth in the Effective Date Letter, shall
make such Advance available as otherwise set forth in the Effective Date Letter). Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing
any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall
not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, including without limitation Section 4.07, the Company may borrow and prepay Advances. The Company may,
during the Reinvestment Period, prepay and reborrow Advances in an amount up to (x) the aggregate Financing Commitments of the Lenders
on such date minus (y) the Minimum Funding Amount, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Except as set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence, once prepaid, Advances may not be reborrowed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Tranche A Advances
shall not be available in any Currency other than USD.

- 46 - 

(b)Interest
on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.02, all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the date on which
such Advance is made) at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable
Benchmark and (ii) in the case of Advances denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Rate, in each case, for each Calculation Period in effect
plus, in each case, the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided that, following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest
(from and including the date of such Event of Default) at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of Advances denominated in a
Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Benchmark and (ii) in the case of Advances denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Rate, in
each case, for each Calculation Period in effect plus, in each case, the Adjusted Applicable Margin; provided further that,
for purposes of this Section 3.01(b), if the aggregate amount of outstanding Advances at any time is less than the Minimum Funding
Amount, the amount of outstanding Advances at such time shall be deemed to equal the Minimum Funding Amount and the interest rate in respect
of the positive difference between the Minimum Funding Amount and the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances shall be deemed to
be the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule minus the per annum rate payable in respect of commitment
fees pursuant to Section 4.03(d) (or, if applicable pursuant to the first proviso above, the Adjusted Applicable Margin). For
purposes of the foregoing, the Benchmark for each Calculation Period with respect to Daily Simple SONIA shall be the weighted average,
as reasonably calculated by the Administrative Agent, of such Benchmark as determined on each day during such Calculation Period in respect
of Tranche B Advances denominated in GBP.

(c)Evidence
of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and the applicable Currency thereof. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this
purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the "Register") in which it shall
record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (2) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become
due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (3) the amount of any sum received by the Lenders and each Lender's
share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error;
provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such Register or any error therein shall not in
any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Any Lender may request that Advances made by it be
evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable
to the order of such Lender (or, if a registered note is requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a
form approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances
evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form
payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

- 47 - 

(d)Pro
Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein or any Lender Letter Agreement, (i) all borrowings of the Advances under
either Tranche shall be made on a pro rata basis by the Lenders under such Tranche in accordance with their respective portions
of the Financing Commitments with respect to such Tranche, (ii) all payments in respect of the Advances denominated in the same Currency
under either Tranche shall be made on a pro rata basis to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions in respect of
Advances denominated in such Currency held by them and (iii) all payments in respect of the Advances shall be made to the Lenders
in accordance with the Tranche Allocation.

(e)Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company that the adoption
of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it
is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder (in
the aggregate or in any applicable Currency), then (1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
immediately be suspended (in the aggregate or with respect to the applicable Currency) until such time as such Lender or the Administrative
Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such Lender or
the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial,
incidental expenses), until such time as the Advances are required to be prepaid as required under clause (3) below, to transfer
all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in the aggregate or with respect to the applicable Currency) to another of its
offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the Administrative
Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then (I) any outstanding Advances of such Lender (in the aggregate or with
respect to such Currency, as applicable) shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together with all accrued interest and other amounts
owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent to take the
actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies
the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause (2) and
(y) such date as shall be mandated by law or (II) with respect to any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, if
requested by the Portfolio Manager or the Company, any outstanding Advances in such Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be converted to an
Advance denominated in USD on the date specified by the Administrative Agent at the Spot Rate and shall become denominated and payable
in USD and thereafter shall bear interest at the rates applicable to Advances denominated in USD and the Company shall pay all amounts
owing in connection therewith, including all interest accrued on the Advances being converted through such date; provided that,
to the extent that any such adoption or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to a particular Reference
Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) shall not apply and the Advances subject to such
Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate, as applicable, shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation Period
ending immediately after such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Advances
set forth on the Transaction Schedule (or the Adjusted Applicable Margin, if applicable).

(f)Increased
Costs.

(i)If
any Change in Law shall:

(A)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance
charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

- 48 - 

(B)impose
on any Lender or the London interbank market (or other applicable interest rate market) any other condition, cost or expense (other than
Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or

(C)subject
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through
(d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments,
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance
or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal,
interest or otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may
be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(ii)If
any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the
rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement
or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have achieved but for
such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to
capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Company will pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(iii)A
certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to
the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within 20 days after receipt thereof.

(iv)Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute
a waiver of such Lender's or the Administrative Agent's right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not
be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred
more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise
to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's or the Administrative Agent's intention to claim compensation therefor; provided
further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

(v)Each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company may reasonably
request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided
that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss
of money). In no event will the Company be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates
to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing.

- 49 - 

(vi)If
any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this clause (f), (B) is
a Defaulting Lender under the definition of such term (or, in the case of a requirement to assign or delegate interests, rights and obligations
as set forth below, is otherwise a Defaulting Lender), (C) becomes subject to a Bail-In Action, or (D) does not consent to a
Material Amendment consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort,
upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, prepay the Advance of such Lender or require such Lender to assign and
delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06),
all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the
Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender
shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and
all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment, (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company
to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply and (z) such assignment or delegation shall be offered first to JPMCB and
any affiliate thereof that is a Lender. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection
with any such prepayment or assignment.

(g)No
Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances
shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or any political
subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement.

SECTION 3.02.Interest
Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair. (a) Subject
to clauses (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 3.02 (in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency), if prior to the commencement of any Calculation Period for an Advance:

(i) the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining
a Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate (including, without limitation, because such Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate is
not available or published on a current basis) for the applicable Currency and such Calculation Period; provided that, with respect
to any Reference Rate, no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time; or

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the applicable Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate for the
applicable Currency and such Calculation Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making
or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) included in such Advance for such Calculation Period;

- 50 - 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company,
the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as
promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent,
the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, if any Advance denominated
in such Currency is requested to be made by the Lenders or is then outstanding, it shall thereupon constitute a Base Rate Advance.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable,
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark,
then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark
setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement
is provided to the Lenders and the Company without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark
Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)In
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the
Company, to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time by delivery of a notice of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes referred to in Section 3.02(e) below and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent
of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02.

(e)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) of (i) any
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of
any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.02, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or
any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent
from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02.

(f)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such
Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public
statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the
Administrative Agent may modify the definition of "Calculation Period" for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove
such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is
subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is
no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement),
then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of "Calculation Period" for all Benchmark settings at or after such
time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

- 51 - 

(g)Upon
the Company's receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for an Advance
in conversion to or continuation of Advances in the applicable Currency to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability
Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for an Advance into a request for a Base Rate Advance
or conversion of an outstanding Advance to a Base Rate Advance.

SECTION 3.03.Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall be made without deduction or withholding
for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of
any Tax from any such payment by the Company, then the Company shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely
pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is
an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has
been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender
receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding in respect of Indemnified Taxes been made.

(b)Payment
of Other Taxes by the Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law,
or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c)Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified
Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such
Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent),
or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any
Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such
Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of 10.06 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded
Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document,
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by
the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off
and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent
to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).

- 52 - 

(e)Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.03,
the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.

(f)Status
of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect
to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested
by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or
the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable
Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine
whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth
in Section 3.03(f) (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable judgment
such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice
the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A)any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent),
an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any
Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor
form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such
tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E
or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business
profits" or "other income" article of such tax treaty;

- 53 - 

(ii)an
executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(iii)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of
the Code, is not a "10 percent shareholder" of the Company or the Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of
the Code, and is not a "controlled foreign corporation" described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a "U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate") and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor
form; or

(iv)to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9,
and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;

(C)any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals
of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax,
duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law
and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable
Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct
and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after
the Original Effective Date.

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification
it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly
notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(E)The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon becoming a party under this Agreement.
The Administrative Agent represents to the Company that it is a "U.S. person" and a "financial institution" within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a "U.S. financial institution" within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1471-3T and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA.

- 54 - 

(g)Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including
Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount
paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant
to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the
indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid.
This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating
to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h)Survival.
Each party's obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any
assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01.Interest
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent under the applicable Underlying Instruments) with respect to
each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest Proceeds to the Interest Collection Account; provided
that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Interest Collection Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Interest Collection Account
or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall
cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to
be credited) to the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account all Interest
Proceeds received by it promptly upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

Interest Proceeds shall be retained in the Interest
Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested)
at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Cash Equivalents
selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in
which case, selected by the Administrative Agent) ("Eligible Investments"). In the absence of any such written direction
from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, Interest
Proceeds shall remain uninvested.

- 55 - 

Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest Collection
Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written
direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance
with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted Tax Distributions in accordance with this Agreement.

SECTION 4.02.Principal
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent under the applicable Underlying Instruments) with respect to
each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Principal Collection Account; provided
that Principal Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Principal Collection Account. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Principal Collection Account
or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall cause
all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to
be credited) to the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account all Principal
Proceeds received by it promptly upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

All Principal Proceeds shall be retained in the Principal
Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested)
at the written direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment
income on such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company
(or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, Principal Proceeds
shall remain uninvested.

Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection
Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written
direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of
a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) towards
the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in accordance with this Agreement or (iii) to make Permitted Distributions
or Permitted Tax Distributions in accordance with this Agreement, in each case with prior notice to the Administrative Agent.

For the avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received
in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market Value Event shall be used to
prepay Advances as set forth therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent.

- 56 - 

SECTION 4.03.Principal
and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee.

(a)The
Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Lenders on the Maturity
Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts shall be applied to the satisfaction
of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments.

(b)Accrued
interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date, (without duplication)
on the date of any Permitted Distribution or Permitted Tax Distribution and on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments;
provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the first proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand and
(ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount so repaid or prepaid shall
be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment. "Interest Payment Date" means the fifth Business Day after the
last day of each Calculation Period.

(c)(i)Subject
to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay, without any premium or
penalty (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any costs referred to in subclause (ii) below and any premium payable pursuant to
Section 4.07 in connection with a contemporaneous reduction or termination of Financing Commitments) outstanding Advances, (x) in
USD, which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the Tranche Allocation and/or (y) in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, to the
extent any Advances are then outstanding in such Permitted Non-USD Currency, which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the Tranche
Allocation (and, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), such prepayment shall result in a termination of Financing
Commitments only to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.07) in whole or in part (A) on any Business Day that JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent, (B) in connection with a Market Value Cure or (C) on
any Business Day without regard to clauses (A) and (B). The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant
to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment.
Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Tranche A Advances or Tranche
B Advances, as the case may be, to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the
Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall
be in an amount not less than U.S.$1,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest.

(ii)At
the request of any Lender, any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i), whether in full or in part, that is made on a date other
than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of the breakage of its funding at the
applicable Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate for the related Calculation Period.

(d)The
Company agrees to pay to the Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender), a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which
shall accrue at 0.60% per annum (or, during the Ramp-Up Period, the applicable per annum rate specified in the Effective Date Letter)
(or, with respect to each Lender that is a party to a Lender Fee Letter, in the amount set forth in such Lender Fee Letter) on the average
daily undrawn amount of the Financing Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Original Effective Date to but
excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date,
and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days
and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

- 57 - 

(e)The
Company agreed to pay the Lenders, an upfront fee in an aggregate amount and on the dates set forth in the Second Amendment Effective
Date Letter. Once paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

(f)Without
limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances (in accordance with
the Tranche Allocation) in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth in Section 8.02(c). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and
unpaid interest.

SECTION 4.04.MV
Cure Account.

(a)The
Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted
to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in
writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall be invested
in overnight Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders); provided
that if the Collateral Agent does not receive such written direction from the Administrative Agent, cash amounts in the MV Cure Account
shall remain uninvested. All amounts contributed to the Company by Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall be paid free and
clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable claim.

(b)Amounts
on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative
Agent)) and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances (in accordance
with the Tranche Allocation) and reduction of Financing Commitment); provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from
the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal).

SECTION 4.05.Priority
of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence
of a Market Value Event at the direction of the Administrative Agent, and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of an
Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and payable at the direction of the Administrative Agent (each
date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above, an "Additional Distribution Date"), the Collateral Agent shall
distribute all amounts in the Collection Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts in the following order of priority
(the "Priority of Payments"):

(a)to
pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary
hereunder and under the Account Control Agreement (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities, which shall also include all
reasonable and documented fees, costs and disbursements of counsel, agents and experts, and indemnities) up to a maximum amount under
this subclause (i) the sum of (x) 0.025% per annum multiplied by the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the Collateral
(after conversion to USD using clause (y) of the Spot Rate) as of the end of the related Calculation Period plus (y) U.S.$50,000
on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date
or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment
Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); provided that if any such amount is not utilized on any Interest Payment Date then
such unutilized amount may be applied during any of the three succeeding Interest Payment Dates and provided further that any limitation
on such amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be disregarded
with the consent of the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf); (ii) second, any other accrued and
unpaid fees and out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee payable to the Lenders, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder
and under the Account Control Agreement, up to a maximum amount under this subclause (ii) of U.S.$50,000 on each Interest Payment
Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after
giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same
calendar quarter);

- 58 - 

(b)to
pay (i) interest due in respect of the Advances (in accordance with the Tranche Allocation) and (ii) any increased costs and
commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro rata based on amounts due);

(c)to
pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date all prepayments of the Advances permitted or required under this Agreement (including any applicable
premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances until the
Advances are paid in full (in each case, in accordance with the Tranche Allocation);

(d)(i) prior
to the end of the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded Exposure Amounts and (ii) after the Reinvestment Period,
to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded Exposure
Amount (without the requirement for any direction by the Portfolio Manager);

(e)to
pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to the limitation set forth therein;

(f)to
make any Permitted Distributions or Permitted Tax Distributions directed pursuant to this Agreement; and

(g)(i) on
any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Principal Collection Account as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining
amounts to the Company.

Subject to Section 4.06(b), with respect to
any amounts payable under Sections 4.05(a) through (g) above resulting from an Advance denominated in any Currency, such amounts
shall be paid using Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds denominated in such Currency from the applicable Collection Account, in
each case in accordance with the Tranche Allocation.

- 59 - 

SECTION 4.06.Payments
Generally. (a)All payments to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender that is an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated
in writing to the Company and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). All payments
made to any other Lender, the Portfolio Manager, the Company, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator (in the case
of the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent, to the extent such Person is not the Collateral Agent) shall be made to such
Person at the account designated by such person in writing to the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent shall give written notice
to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator may conclusively
rely) and the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders (including the applicable benchmarks) in respect
of the Advances and the amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment
Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
in respect of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date. All payments not made as specified above shall be made as directed in writing
to the account designated by the Administrative Agent, the Company or the applicable recipient to the Collateral Agent in writing. Subject
to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All payments hereunder
shall be made in U.S. dollars. All interest calculated using the Reference Rate (other than Term CORRA) or Term SOFR Reference Rate,
as applicable, hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate or Term
CORRA hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including
the first day but excluding the last day).

(b)If,
at least four (4) Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date or an Additional Distribution Date, the Company
will not have a sufficient amount of funds in a Currency on deposit in the Collection Accounts or the Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection
Accounts in respect of the applicable Currency, as applicable, that will be needed (1) to pay to the Lenders all of the amounts required
to be paid in such applicable Currency on such date and/or (2) to pay any expenses required to be paid in accordance with the Priority
of Payments, in each case, in such Currency as required for such payment (a "Currency Shortfall"), then, so long as no
Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the Company shall exchange (or shall direct
the Collateral Agent to exchange) amounts available, if any, in another Currency in any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection
Account or Collection Account after allocation thereof on a pro forma basis in accordance with the Tranche Allocation for the Currency
in respect of which there is a Currency Shortfall in an amount necessary to cure such Currency Shortfall. Each such exchange shall occur
no later than one Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date or Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable,
and shall be made at the Spot Rate at the time of conversion. If for any reason the Company shall have failed to effect any such currency
exchange by the Business Day prior to such date, then the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to (but shall not be obligated to) direct
such currency exchange on behalf of the Company.

(c)At
any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Collateral Agent to exchange amounts held in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for USD,
or exchange amounts in the Collection Account for any Permitted Non-USD Currency, in each case, at the Spot Rate for application hereunder.
In addition, if Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency have been converted to Advances denominated in USD pursuant to
Section 3.01(e)(3)(II), the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Collateral Agent to exchange amounts held
in such Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for USD at the Spot Rate for application hereunder at any time upon not less than two (2) Business
Days' prior written notice (including via email) to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Company and the Portfolio Manager).

- 60 - 

(d)Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable
for the account of a Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times
as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender
to the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document; second, as the Company may request (so long as no Market
Value Event has occurred and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to the funding of any Advance in respect
of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement and that has not otherwise been funded,
as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a
deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender's potential future funding obligations with respect to
Advances under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any Agent as a result of any judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Agent against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's
breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; fifth, so long as no Market Value Event has occurred
and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's
breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise
directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any
Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were made at
a time when the conditions set forth in Section 2.05 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances
of, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender until
such time as all Advances are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Financing Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.03(e).
Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a
Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this clause (d) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting
Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

SECTION 4.07.Termination
or Reduction of Financing Commitments.

(a)(i) Subject
to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a), the Company shall be entitled at its option on any Business Day after the Non-Call Period
(or on any other date specified in the Effective Date Letter or on any date after JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to
act as Administrative Agent), to either (x) terminate all of the Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances
under each Tranche, all accrued and unpaid interest, all applicable premiums (if any) and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured
contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or (y) reduce the portion of the aggregate Financing Commitments that exceeds
the sum of the outstanding Advances, ratably across Tranches in accordance with the aggregate undrawn Financing Commitments under each
Tranche (after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of Advances). The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any termination
or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business
Days before the date of termination or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination
or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly
following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction
of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less than U.S.$1,000,000; and

- 61 - 

(ii)Each
optional commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i) that is made, whether in full or in part, prior
to the date that is six (6) months following the end of the Non-Call Period, shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1% of the
principal amount of Financing Commitments so terminated or reduced, as applicable (unless JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association has
ceased to act as Administrative Agent).

(b)The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced (in accordance with the Tranche Allocation) on the date of any prepayment
made in accordance with the definition of "Market Value Cure" in an amount equal to the amount of such prepayment.

(c)The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced (in accordance with the Tranche Allocation) by all amounts that are
used to prepay or repay Advances following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or an Event of Default.

(d)All
undrawn Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated.

(e)The
Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced (in accordance with the Tranche Allocation) by the amount of any repayment or prepayment
of Advances following the last day of the Reinvestment Period.

ARTICLE V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01.Appointment
and Duties of the Portfolio Manager.

The Company hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager
as its portfolio manager under this Agreement and to perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein, and
the Portfolio Manager hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager shall consist of (x) selecting,
purchasing, managing and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition of Portfolio Investments, delivering Notices of Acquisition
on behalf of and in the name of the Company and (y) acting on behalf of the Company for all other purposes hereof and the transactions
contemplated hereby. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company herein and in each
other Loan Document. The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Portfolio Manager its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with
full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the performance of its duties provided
for herein. Without limiting the foregoing:

(a)The
Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care, using a degree of skill not less than that which the Portfolio
Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for itself and others having similar
investment objectives and restrictions and consistent with practices and procedures followed by institutional managers of national standing
relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio; and

- 62 - 

(b)The
Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should know would (1) violate
the constituent documents of the Company in a manner adverse to the Lenders, (2) except as would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, (3) require registration of the
Company as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or (4) subject to all applicable materiality
qualifiers contained in this Agreement, cause the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any instruments
relating to the Portfolio Investments.

The Portfolio Manager may employ third parties (including
its Affiliates) to render advice (including investment advice) and assistance to the Company and to perform any of the Portfolio Manager's
duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its duties or liabilities hereunder regardless
of the performance of any services by third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall
have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio manager hereunder.

The Portfolio Manager shall not be entitled to the
payment of any management fees from the Company in connection with the performance of its duties under this Agreement; provided
that the Company and the Portfolio Manager may agree following the Original Effective Date that the Portfolio Manager shall receive management
fees in an amount consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email) without the requirement of an amendment to
this Agreement. Any such management fee shall be payable solely from Permitted Distributions.

SECTION 5.02.Portfolio
Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions
imposed on the Company hereunder and not to act in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents to the other parties
hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date or Substitution Date, as applicable, and Settlement Date for each Portfolio Investment purchased,
such Portfolio Investment meets all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent)
and, except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied (unless otherwise consented to by the
Administrative Agent) and (b) all of the information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete
in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any such information was furnished to the Company by any third party, such
information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager.

SECTION 5.03.Indemnification.
The Portfolio Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator
and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons
(each, an "Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any
kind, including legal fees and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons, and one
additional firm of outside counsel for any Indemnified Persons subject to an actual or perceived conflict of interest and such other
local counsel as shall be required (collectively, "Liabilities"), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person on
a current basis for all reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel, subject
to the limitations above), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending
any investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any
breach by the Portfolio Manager of any of its obligations hereunder and (b) the failure of any of the representations or warranties
of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein to be true when made or when deemed made or repeated, except to the extent that such Liabilities
or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Portfolio Manager be liable for
any consequential, indirect or special damages; provided, that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Portfolio Manager's
indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages are included in a third party claim in connection with which an
Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

- 63 - 

This Section 5.03 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder.

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01.Representations
and Warranties. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (l), (n), (o), (t) through (w) and (aa),
the Portfolio Manager) represents to the other parties hereto solely with respect to itself that as of the Amended and Restated Effective
Date and each Trade Date (or as of such other date as maybe expressly set forth below):

(a)it
is duly formed, organized or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation,
organization or incorporation, as applicable, and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement
and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and to consummate the transactions herein and therein contemplated;

(b)the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (B) equitable limitations
on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);

(c)the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate
in any material way any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will not
result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected;

(d)to
the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, it is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding;

(e)it
has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are
necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other
Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where the
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

- 64 - 

(f)it
is not required to register as an "investment company" as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(g)it
has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act");

(h)it
has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred or permitted to be incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan;

(i)(x) it
does not have underlying assets which constitute "plan assets" within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; and (y) it
has not within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been required to contribute to any Plan and no ERISA Affiliate
has any liability with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company and (z) it
does not have any liability with respect to any Plan;

(j)as
of the Amended and Restated Effective Date it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay
or defraud any of its creditors;

(k)it
is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect;

(l)it
has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental authorities, decrees and orders
with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio;

(m)it
does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or Investments (i) constituting
Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company with the approval of the Administrative
Agent, or (iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure,
restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

(n)(x) it
has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and
all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect in respect of the Company, (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data
or industry information) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such
information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to the Company's knowledge contains), when
taken as a whole, as of its delivery date, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (z) as of the Amended and Restated
Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Company, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or
prior to the Amended and Restated Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects;

- 65 - 

(o)all
of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments specified in Section 1.03 have been satisfied or waived;

(p)the
Company has timely filed all material Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such Tax returns are true and
correct in all material respects; and the Company has paid or withheld (as applicable) all material Taxes owing or required to be withheld
by it (if any) shown on such Tax returns, except in each case (x) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (y) to
the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(q)as
of the Amended and Restated Effective Date, the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(r)the
Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person;

(s)prior
to the Amended and Restated Effective Date, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership
entity for Portfolio Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto, including borrowing under the
Original Agreement, as amended from time to time;

(t)neither
it, the Parent or, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, any other of its
subsidiaries, directors, officers or Affiliates is (i) the subject or target of Sanctions; (ii) a Person that resides or has
a place of business in a country or territory named on such lists or which is designated as a "Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction"
by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction;
(iii) a "Foreign Shell Bank" within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical
presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and
supervision; or (iv) a person or entity that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United
States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 or 312 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns.
It is in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and also in compliance with all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act;

(u)the
Company is the subject of and complies with policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its agents and their
respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company
and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are in compliance in all material respects with
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result
in the Company being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) the Company or its directors, officers, managers or employees
or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, any director, manager or agent of the Company that will act in any capacity in connection
with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person;

- 66 - 

(v)the
Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, the Parent and the Seller, on the one hand, and
the Company, on the other. The Company has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments and other Collateral free of any Liens
(other than Permitted Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar
in effect naming or purportedly naming the Company or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is
on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as "Secured Party" pursuant
hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection with the Sale Agreement or which has been terminated;

(w)the
Company is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of their respective Affiliates in connection
with it entering into and performing under this Agreement;

(x)there are no judgments for Taxes with respect to the Company and no
claim is being asserted with respect to the Taxes of the Company, except any such claims with respect to Taxes (x) which are
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance
with GAAP and (y) that could not be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(y)upon
the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first priority
and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance,
free and clear of any adverse claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability;

(z)the Parent is not required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and has elected to be treated as a business development corporation
thereunder;

(aa)the
Portfolio Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended;

(bb)no
ERISA Event described in clause (1) or (3) of the definition of such term has occurred and, except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event described in clause (2) of the definition of such term has occurred; and

(cc)all
proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds
of any Advance will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the
proceeds thereof will violate or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock.

SECTION 6.02.Covenants
of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (e), (g), (h), (k), (o), (r), (gg), (hh) and
(ii), the Portfolio Manager):

(a)shall
at all times: (i) maintain at least one independent manager, director or member (who is in the business of serving as an independent
manager or director) except while a vacancy is being filled as required by the terms of the Company's constituent documents; (ii) maintain
its own separate books and records (other than tax returns and documents related thereto) and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out
to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from any other Person (without limiting the foregoing, it is acknowledged
that for accounting purposes, the Company may be consolidated as required by GAAP and included in such Person's consolidated financial
statements); (iv) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent that the Company is treated as a "disregarded entity"
for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable
Law, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which the Company has established
proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP; (v) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person; (vi) conduct
its business in its own name (except as may be required for U.S. federal income and applicable state and local tax purposes) and comply
with all organizational formalities necessary to maintain its separate existence; (vii) maintain separate financial statements, except
that the Company's financial statements may be consolidated with the financial statements of the sole member so long as such financial
statements indicate that the Company is a separate entity; (viii) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds; (ix) except
as permitted hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, maintain an arm's length relationship with the Parent and each of its other
Affiliates; (x) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xi) allocate fairly
and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space; (xii) use separate stationery,
invoices and checks; (xiii) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as security for the obligations
of any other Person; (xiv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xv) maintain adequate capital
in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own
assets;(xvi) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates except as permitted under the Loan Documents; (xvii) cause
the managers, officer, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times with respect to the Company consistently and
in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and (xviii) maintain at least one special member, who,
upon the dissolution of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole member from the Company, shall immediately
become the member of the Company in accordance with its organizational documents.

- 67 - 

(b)shall
not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions permitted pursuant to its constituent documents and
actions required or permitted to be performed under the preceding clause (a), including, other than with respect to any warrants received
in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other
Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit the Company from taking, or refraining
to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail to be Solvent; (iii) release, sell, transfer,
convey or assign any Portfolio Investment to the extent otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents; (iv) except for capital contributions
or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly reflected on the books and records of
the Company, enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of the Company except on commercially reasonable terms not materially less favorable
to the Company (taken as a whole) than those available to unaffiliated parties in an arm's-length transaction; (v) identify itself
as a department or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any material asset or property other than the Collateral and other assets
as permitted hereunder, the Sale Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the related assets and incidental personal property necessary
for the ownership or operation of these assets and the operation of the Company.

(c)shall
take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the "Facts and Assumptions" sections in the opinions
of Dechert LLP, dated the Original Effective Date, relating to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters;

(d)shall
not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents,
(ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term
Loan or Revolving Loan; provided that the Company shall not acquire any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan if such acquisition
would cause the Unfunded Exposure Amount, collateralized or uncollateralized, to exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (iv) Indebtedness
incurred under any hedge agreement or similar transaction to the extent permitted under this Agreement;

- 68 - 

(e)shall
comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws in connection with this Agreement and applicable Sanctions and shall be
subject to and comply with policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Company and its directors,
managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions;

(f)except
as expressly permitted under this Agreement, shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which
it is a party, in each case with respect to clauses (1) and (2) above, in any manner that would reasonably be expected to adversely
affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed);

(g)shall
not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this
Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants
or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit
any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the
proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not
to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal
equivalent thereof, as applicable, except for Permitted Liens;

(h)shall
not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which consent may be withheld
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, enter into any hedge agreement;

(i)shall
not change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed
by the Company (or by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Company) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially misleading
or change its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least
30 days (or such shorter period consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email)) prior written notice thereof,
and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation
statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent together with written confirmation
to the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed);

(j)shall
do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited
liability company and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in
the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral;

- 69 - 

(k)shall
comply with all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(l)shall not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in
whole or in part, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and, if the Company is not the
surviving entity, each Lender;

(m)except
for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not
form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any
investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition
of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant
to the other Loan Documents;

(n)shall
ensure that (i) its affairs are conducted so that its underlying assets do not constitute "plan assets" within the meaning
of the Plan Asset Rules, and (ii) it does not sponsor, maintain, contribute to or become required to contribute to or has any liability
with respect to any Plan; and no ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to or becomes required to contribute to any Plan that
could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company;

(o)except
for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other
Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens),
and the Company shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders
in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under the Company (other than Permitted Liens);

(p)

(i)shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall thereafter furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following
financial statements, reports and information: (i) as soon as available, but in any event by the later of (A) the 120th
day after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent or (B) in relation to the proviso below to this clause (i), the date on which
the applicable annual report on Form 10-K is due (subject to any applicable extensions) to be filed under the Exchange Act, a copy
of the audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year,
the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net
assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided,
that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor
system of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the Parent's annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative
Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (ii) as soon as available and in any event by the later of (A) the 45th
day after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) or (B) in relation
to the proviso below to this clause (ii), the date on which the applicable quarterly report on Form 10-Q is due (subject to any applicable
extensions) to be filed under the Exchange Act, an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated and
consolidating statements of income of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing
at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash
flows of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with
the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which
are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in Parent's quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; and (iii) from time to time,
such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request;

- 70 - 

(ii)shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent as soon as available, but no later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant
to Section 6.02(p)(i) or (ii), a compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and correct,
(a) stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (b) stating that Company is in compliance with the covenants set
forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent; and (c) stating
that the representations and warranties of Company contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained
in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as
of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date;

(q)shall
pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon the Company
or upon the income, profits or property of the Company; provided that the Company shall not be required to pay or discharge or
cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure
of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(r)shall
permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request,
and at the Company's expense, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments
and (B) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments for the purpose
of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Person's performance under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including,
if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect to review of
the Portfolio Investments). The Company agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably
requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with the Company's
or the Portfolio Manager's business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value
Event has occurred, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days' prior written notice, (ii) during
normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections
and only one (1) Business Day's prior notice will be required before any inspection. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this clause (r), neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making
copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (including on any quarterly telephone conference)
that (x) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (y) in respect
of which access or inspection by, or disclosure to, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors)
is prohibited by Applicable Law or any binding confidentiality agreement or (z) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege
or constitutes attorney work product;

- 71 - 

(s)shall
not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X;

(t)shall
not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may make
Permitted Distributions and/or Permitted Tax Distributions subject to the other requirements of this Agreement;

(u)shall
not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or Investments constituting Eligible Investments (measured
at the time of acquisition), (B) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent or (C) those the Company shall
have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or
proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

(v)shall
not request any Advance, and the Company shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly, use, and shall procure that
its subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly
use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving
of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in a material violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding,
financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except
to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of
any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto;

(w)other
than (i) with the written consent (including via email) of the Administrative Agent, (ii) pursuant to the Sale Agreement or
(iii) as a Substitution permitted under Section 1.08, shall not transfer to any of its Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased
from any of its Affiliates (other than sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those of an arm's length
transaction and at fair market value);

(x)shall
post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver
via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting requirements
set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (A) any management discussion and analysis provided by the related obligor
and actually received by the Portfolio Manager, (B) any financial reporting packages provided by the related obligor and actually
received by the Portfolio Manager and (C) any written notifications of Portfolio Investment Material Events with respect to such
Portfolio Investment or the related obligor received by the Company or the Portfolio Manager (including, in each case, any attached or
included information, statements and calculations). The Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall post or deliver via email
all information and notices set forth in the immediately preceding sentence (1) in the case of notifications of Portfolio Investment
Material Events, within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager and (2) in all other
cases, within five (5) Business Days of the receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager. The Company shall cause the
Portfolio Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio Investment
or obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager);

- 72 - 

(y)shall
not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company
take any other action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including transferring interests in the Company on or through an established
securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the
Code (and Treasury regulations thereunder));

(z)shall
only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person and shall not recognize
the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S.
Person;

(aa)shall
from time to time if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party execute and deliver
all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance
and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured
Parties hereunder and to grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and
the priority thereof) of this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof, perfect, publish notice of or protect the
validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the
Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay
any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes
and any other costs arising in connection with its activities or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice,
instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security
interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect
to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to file a UCC financing statement listing 'all assets
of the debtor' (or substantially similar language) in the collateral description of such financing statement;

(bb)shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts to elevate all Participation Interests to absolute assignments within the applicable then-current
standard settlement timeframes;

(cc)shall
not hire any employees;

(dd)shall
not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Collateral Accounts;

(ee)except
as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the Underlying Instruments in respect of a Portfolio Investment
to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements
unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion;

(ff)shall
not make or incur any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with this Agreement;

(gg)shall
not cancel, terminate or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of, amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition
of Section 5.01 in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders in any material respect;

- 73 - 

(hh)shall
not act on behalf of, a country, territory, entity or individual that, at the time of such act, is the subject or target of Sanctions,
and none of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, owners, directors or officers is a natural person
or entity with whom dealings are prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply with such Sanctions. The
Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or acquire, any security issued
by, or interest in, any country, territory, or entity whose direct ownership would be or is prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person
or entity required to comply with Sanctions;

(ii)shall
give notice to the Administrative Agent (and with copies forwarded to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent following receipt) promptly
in writing upon (and in no event later than (x) in the case of an Event of Default or an event specified in clauses (2) or (5) below,
one (1) Business Day after and (y) in all other cases, three (3) Business Days after) the occurrence of any of the following
(except as otherwise previously disclosed pursuant to this Agreement):

(1)any
Adverse Proceeding;

(2)any
Default or Event of Default;

(3)a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any adverse claim asserted against any of the
Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral;

(4)any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to
the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and

(5)a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any Portfolio Investment becoming an Ineligible
Investment; and

(jj)shall
provide to the Administrative Agent (x) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of
each calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar month ending June, 2024, the identity of each Portfolio Investment that is a Partial
PIK Obligation and the portion of interest payable under such Partial PIK Obligation that is actually being paid in kind rather than in
cash (with such update to be substantially in the form of Schedule 7 and which may be delivered via email) and (y) from time to time,
such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request
with respect to any Partial PIK Obligation.

SECTION 6.03.Amendments
of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any notice or other formal written communication
concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Instrument
or rights thereunder which in the commercially reasonable judgement of the Portfolio Manager is not solely ministerial and clerical in
nature (each, an "Amendment") with respect to any Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Instrument, or makes
any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, it will give prompt (and in any
event, not later than three (3) Business Days') notice thereof to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent).
In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of
such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem appropriate under the circumstances; provided that if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers of
ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the
terms of the related Underlying Instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such
right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any such case, following
the Company's receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to Underlying
Instruments, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered in connection with any Amendment.

- 74 - 

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events ("Events of
Default") shall occur:

(a)the
Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other
amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof
or otherwise and, solely in the case of amounts other than principal and interest, such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business
Days following the earlier of (x) the Company becoming aware of such failure or (y) receipt of written notice by the Company
of such failure unless its failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error, in which case such period shall be extended
by one (1) additional Business Day;

(b)any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Seller or (following the delivery
of an Equity Commitment Letter) the Parent (each, a "Credit Risk Party" and, collectively, the "Credit Risk Parties")
herein or in any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other
document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data or industry information) furnished pursuant hereto
or in connection herewith or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material
respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after
the date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure) and if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue
for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such inaccuracy from
the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such inaccuracy;

(c)(A) the
Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii),
(xi), (xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (w), (cc), (hh) or (ii)(2), Section 8.02(b) or
the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.04 or (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other
covenant, condition or agreement contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility
Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause
(B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt
by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk
Party becoming aware of such failure;

- 75 - 

(d)an
involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other
relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
conservator or similar official for any Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding
or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(e)any
Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other
relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent
to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of
this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar
official for such Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations
of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take
any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

(f)any
Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(g)the
passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the Company;

(h)any
final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of U.S.$1,000,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect
thereto) shall be rendered against the Company, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of
thirty (30) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired;

(i)an
ERISA Event occurs except, in the case of clause (2) of the definition of such term, where such ERISA Event would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(j)a
Change of Control occurs;

(k)the
Company or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(l)the
Portfolio Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as Portfolio
Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and, in each case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager is not appointed (and has accepted such appointment)
in accordance this Agreement;

(m)the
Net Advances are greater than the product of (1) the Net Asset Value multiplied by (2) 75%; or

- 76 - 

(n)(i) failure
of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account when required
in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than in the case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance
with Section 2.03(f) or (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations
with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan (including the payment of any amount in connection with the sale thereof
to the extent required under this Agreement); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake any action set forth in this
clause (n) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days;

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to
the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case during the continuance
of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company (with a copy to
the Collateral Agent), take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Financing
Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations
then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable
may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with
accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately,
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event
with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate
and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company
accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby waived by the Company.

ARTICLE VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01.The
Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control.

(a)Establishment
and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. Pursuant to the Original Agreement, the Company appointed the Securities Intermediary to establish,
and the Securities Intermediary does hereby represent that it has established pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, each of the Custodial
Account, the Principal Collection Account, the Interest Collection Account, the MV Cure Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account (collectively,
the "USD Collateral Accounts" and, together with the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts, the "Collateral Accounts").
In addition, pursuant to the Original Agreement, the Company appointed the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the Securities Intermediary
does hereby represent that it has established pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts for the
purposes of holding cash and Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency pursuant to the terms hereof; provided
that it is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding the establishment of such Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts as set forth above,
the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and
Portfolio Investments until such time as the Securities Intermediary notifies the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) that such accounts are operational and available to receive such cash and Portfolio
Investments (and neither the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have any liability for any failure or delay in the
receipt of such cash or Portfolio Investments) (each such notice, a "Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice").
The Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain the Collateral Accounts in accordance with the Account Control Agreement as a "securities
intermediary" (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the
Collateral Agent.

- 77 - 

(b)Investment
of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and
reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible
Investments; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market Value
Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company
(or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, amounts on deposit
in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall remain uninvested.

(c)Unfunded
Exposure Account and Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts.

(i)Amounts
may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account from time
to time in accordance with Section 4.05. Amounts shall also be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f).

(ii)While
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing
Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities
Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account (i) for the purpose of funding the Company's unfunded commitments with respect
to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans, for deposit into the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Principal Collection Account and (ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist (either with respect
to the applicable Currency or in the aggregate) after giving effect to the withdrawal. Following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (at the
direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), the Securities Intermediary shall transfer all amounts in the
Unfunded Exposure Account and any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account to the Principal Collection Account
(following conversion of such amounts to USD at the Spot Rate in the case of amounts on any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure
Account) to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction of the Company by means of an instruction in writing to
the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts
on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of outstanding
funding obligations of the Company shall be released to the Collection Account to prepay the outstanding Advances (following conversion
of such amounts to USD at the Spot Rate in the case of amounts on any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account); provided
that any such prepayment does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be less than the Minimum Funding
Amount.

- 78 - 

SECTION 8.02.Collateral
Security; Pledge; Delivery.

(a)Grant
of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Company's obligations to the Agents,
the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the "Secured Parties") under
this Agreement (collectively, the "Secured Obligations"), the Company hereby (1) confirms the grant made on the
Original Effective Date pursuant to the Original Agreement and (2) without constituting a novation of the grant confirmed under the
preceding clause (1), hereby grants and pledges to the Collateral Agent and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral
Agent in all of the Company's right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired
or arising) all accounts, payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts,
letter-of-credit rights, investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described
in this clause (a) being collectively referred to herein as "Collateral"), including, without limitation: (1) each
Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Company's interests in the Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property
from time to time credited thereto, (3) the Sale Agreement, any other Loan Document and all rights related to each such agreement
(4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for,
any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof.

(b)Delivery
and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Company shall (1) Deliver to the
Collateral Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; (2) if any of the securities, monies or other property
pledged by the Company hereunder are received by the Company, forthwith take such action as is necessary to ensure the Collateral Agent's
continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Collateral
Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the
Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Dechert LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection and priority of the Collateral Agent's security interest in any of the Collateral.

(c)Remedies,
Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if
and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) do any of the following:

(i)Exercise
in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights
and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice
except as specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral
Agent's or its designee's offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Collateral
Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent on their behalf)
may deem commercially reasonable. The Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar
days' prior notice to the Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall
constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice
of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement
at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned;

- 79 - 

(ii)Transfer
all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a nominee thereof;

(iii)Enforce
collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or
extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect
thereto;

(iv)Endorse
any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Company's name to allow collection of the Collateral;

(v)Take
control of any proceeds of the Collateral;

(vi)Execute
(in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance or transfer
with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or

(vii)Perform
such other acts as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agent's rights and interest hereunder.

(d)Compliance
with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction
in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law
(including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective
bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent
and agree that they are purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral),
or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and
the Company and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered
or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company
or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with
any such limitation or restriction.

(e)Private
Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale
pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any
claims against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a
private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale.

(f)Collateral
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as the Company's attorney-in-fact (it being understood
that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority
in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Collateral Agent's discretion (exercised
at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders
may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that
the power of attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest.

- 80 - 

(g)Further
Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the
Administrative Agent), the Company will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral
Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to
protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise
and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights
and protections afforded to the Company or the Portfolio Manager herein.

(h)Release
of Security Interest upon Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Collateral (or portion thereof)
that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Loan or other Collateral (or the portion thereof which has
been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall, immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Loan or other Collateral (or such portion)
and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, be released. Upon any such release, the
Collateral Agent will, at the Company's sole expense and instruction, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to
deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing or
evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee
such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release. Any such instruction (which shall include any borrower
order, trade ticket or any other direction) shall be deemed to constitute a certification from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on
its behalf) that all conditions to such sale, transfer or disposition have been complied with.

(i)Termination.
Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein
shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company.
Upon any such termination, the Collateral Agent will, at the Company's sole expense and direction, deliver to the Company, or cause the
Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments
representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company
or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01.Appointment
of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent (each, an "Agent" and collectively, the "Agents") as its agent and authorizes
such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together
with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent
and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being
understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent.

- 81 - 

Each financial institution serving as an Agent hereunder
shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though
it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in
any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

None of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary nor
the Collateral Administrator shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred
and is continuing, (b) no Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except
that the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly contemplated
hereby or that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent, the Required
Lenders, or the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of
Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, no Agent
shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company that is
communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with
the consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative Agent (in the case of the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral
Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action
or forbearance). None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge
of any of any matter (including any Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event or Market Value Cure Failure) or failure of the Borrowing
Base Test unless and until a Responsible Officer of such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable,
has received written notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire
into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate,
report or other document or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance
of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the
Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required
to be delivered to such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. None of the Collateral Agent,
the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds
in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document if it reasonably believes it will not
receive reimbursement therefor hereunder. Without limitation to the immediately preceding sentence, none of the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator nor the Securities Intermediary shall be required to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document if
taking such action (A) would subject such Person to Tax in any jurisdiction where it is not then subject to Tax, or (B) would
require such person to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified.

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the
Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon (including as to the truth
and correctness of the statements and opinions expressed therein), any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction,
opinion, document, electronic communication or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper
Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or
by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Any electronically
signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such
authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may consult
with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it in good faith, and shall
not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

- 82 - 

In the event the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders,
the instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. None of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral
Agent shall have any duties or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced
herein) to which it is not a party, nor shall the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent be chargeable
with knowledge of any of the terms of conditions of any such agreement. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act. The Collateral Agent
may rely upon instructions and information provided by (i) the Administrative Agent as if provided by the Required Lenders directly
and (ii) the Portfolio Manager as if provided by the Company directly.

It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that none
of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall not be under
any duty to monitor or determine, the Market Value (or any other characteristic) of any Portfolio Investment, compliance with the Eligibility
Criteria or the Concentration Limitations or the conditions to any purchase, sale or disposition hereunder in any instance, to determine
if the conditions of "Deliver" have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance by any other Person with
the requirements of this Agreement.

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the
Securities Intermediary may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents
appointed by it. No Agent nor the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence
on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary with due
care. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties
and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors
of such Person and its Affiliates (the "Related Parties") for such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities
Intermediary, as applicable. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related
Parties of each Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective
activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary as the case may be.

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor
as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Administrative
Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days' notice to each other agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager and the Company. Upon any such
resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor; provided that, so long as no Event of Default or
Market Value Event has occurred and is continuing, any such appointment of a successor to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the
Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent
may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an
Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of Default or Market Value Event has occurred and
is continuing, any such appointment of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment
within sixty (60) days after the retiring agent gives notice of its resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative
Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder (and, if applicable, under the Account Control Agreement) by a successor, such
successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring agent hereunder and under
the Account Control Agreement, and the retiring agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Account
Control Agreement. After the retiring agent's resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall
continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

- 83 - 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor
as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary may be removed
at any time with 30 days' notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent), with notice to the Collateral
Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager (which removal of the Collateral
Agent or the Securities Intermediary will also be effective as removal under the Account Control Agreement). Upon any such removal, the
Company shall have the right (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person shall have been so appointed
by the Company and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after such notice of removal, then the Administrative
Agent may appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such
financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of Default or Market Value Event has occurred and is continuing, any
such appointment shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities
Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the removed agent hereunder and under the Account Control Agreement, and the removed
agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (and, if applicable, under the Account Control Agreement). After the
removed agent's removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit
of such removed agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any
of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

Upon the request of the Company or the Administrative
Agent or the successor agent, such retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and shall duly assign, transfer
and deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder (and under the Account Control
Agreement, if applicable). Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all
instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights, powers and trusts.

- 84 - 

Any corporation or association into which the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or
any corporation or association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or the Collateral Administrator shall be a party, shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral
Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and duties of the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator (as applicable) hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act
on the part of any of the parties hereto. In addition, any corporation or association to which the Collateral Agent or the Collateral
Administrator transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and duties of the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto.

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or
based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no
event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential
loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary,
as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent, the Collateral
Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such
Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it
in connection with this Agreement.

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or have any responsibility for preparing,
filing or recording any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection
of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder.

In the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith on its part, each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may conclusively rely, as to the truth
of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any request, instruction, certificate, opinion or other
document or electronic communication furnished to it, reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by
the proper party or parties and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement but, in the case of a request, instruction, document
or certificate which by any provision hereof is specifically required to be furnished to it, such Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, shall be under a duty to examine the same in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement
to determine that it conforms to the form required by such provision.

- 85 - 

None of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator
nor the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such
acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, epidemics, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment,
the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are entitled to rely conclusively on any instructions provided to them by the Administrative
Agent.

Before the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary
or Collateral Administrator acts or refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, a certificate (which may be constituted
by written directions provided in accordance with this Agreement) of an officer of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as
applicable. The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits
to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate.

The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or
Collateral Administrator may, from time to time, request that the parties hereto deliver a certificate (upon which the Collateral Agent,
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers
authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Agreement or any related document together with a specimen signature
of such authorized officers and the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively
rely on the then current certificate until receipt of a superseding certificate.

In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations
and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist
activities and money laundering ("Applicable Bank Law"), the entity serving as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary
or Collateral Administrator is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain
a business relationship with such entity. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or the Collateral Administrator upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be
available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator to comply
with Applicable Bank Law.

The rights, protections and immunities given to the
Agents in this Section 9.01, Section 9.02(c) and Section 9.02(j) shall likewise be available and applicable to
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator.

SECTION 9.02.Additional
Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.

(a)Collateral
Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein
or any other exercise of rights, remedies or discretionary actions hereunder and the Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent
in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that in each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take
any such action (including, for avoidance of doubt, any action relating to any mandatory deposit, purchase or replacement obligations
of the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement) in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation to comply with any such direction
(including after the occurrence of an Event of Default) if it reasonably believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law
or (2) is reasonably likely to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, issuing such instruction provides indemnification or otherwise make provision reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same (which provision may be payment of such cost or expense by the Company in accordance
with the Priority of Payments if such arrangement is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). The Collateral Agent shall not
be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction
with respect to any action or inaction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until the Collateral
Agent shall have received such direction, and the Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.

- 86 - 

If, in performing any duties under this Agreement,
a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, determines
that it is required to decide between alternative courses of action due to any ambiguity in the interpretation of any definition or term
contained in this Agreement or to the extent more than one methodology can be used to make any of the determinations or calculations set
forth therein, the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, shall request written instructions
from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it (including the interpretation and/or methodology to be used) and
shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken prior to receipt of such instruction. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled
to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder.

(b)Custody
and Preservation. The Collateral Agent is required to hold in custody and preserve any of the Collateral in its possession pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement and the standard of care set forth herein, provided that the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to
have complied with the terms of this Agreement with respect to the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such
action for that purpose as the Company reasonably requests (or, following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, as the Administrative Agent reasonably requests), but failure of the Collateral Agent
to comply with any such request at any time shall not in itself be deemed a failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral
Agent will not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public
office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon.

(c)Collateral
Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless
disregard of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement
with respect to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to the Collateral
Agent's failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not
as collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment
prior to its stated maturity. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any act or omission of the Company, the Lenders party
hereto, the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any other person, and absent written notice to a Responsible Officer
of the Collateral Agent to the contrary, the Collateral Agent may assume that such person is in compliance with its obligations under
this Agreement or any other document related to this transaction. The Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive
additional compensation that could be deemed to be in such Agent's economic self-interest for (1) serving as investment adviser,
administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (2) using
Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Eligible Investments, and (3) effecting transactions in certain investments. Such compensation
shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged
that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto
or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible or chargeable with knowledge
of or responsible for any terms or conditions contained in any Loan Document (or any other agreement) to which it is not a party.

- 87 - 

(d)Certain
Rights and Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may
execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or
other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders
have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent
on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral
at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity
unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of
the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations
as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale.

(e)Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as agreed to in a separate fee letter agreement between the Collateral
Agent and the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) as may be subsequently modified as agreed among the Company, the Portfolio
Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator in writing, subject
to the Priority of Payments. The Company further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator, or reimburse the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including fees, expenses costs, and disbursements of experts, agents and attorneys, in connection
with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments.

(f)Execution
by the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and
Collateral Administrator, respectively, hereunder and in no event shall have any obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance or
perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder.

(g)Reports
by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Collateral Administrator
and directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral
Administrator and the Administrative Agent. The Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent shall cooperate with the Collateral
Administrator in connection with the matters described herein, including calculations relating to the reports contemplated herein or as
otherwise reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its
behalf) shall supply in a timely fashion any determinations, designations, classifications or selections made by it relating to a Portfolio
Investment, including in connection with the acquisition or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the Collateral
Administrator may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Portfolio Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports
required to be prepared by the Collateral Administrator hereunder or reasonably required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform
its obligations hereunder. Upon reasonable request by the Collateral Administrator, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf)
further agrees to provide to the Collateral Administrator from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on a timely basis, any
information relating to the Portfolio Investments and any proposed purchases, sales or other dispositions thereof as to enable the Collateral
Administrator to perform its duties hereunder.

- 88 - 

(h)Neither
the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to determine or calculate any Net Asset Value, the Unfunded
Exposure Amount, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall or any Market Value and shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon such amounts as reported
by the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon information provided by the Administrative Agent with respect to the determination of all
interest, fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable to the Lenders and the calculation of each Benchmark, Reference Rate, Term
SOFR Reference Rate and any Base Rate or Benchmark Replacement.

(i)None
of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be under any obligation (i) to monitor,
determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference Rate or Reference Rate including, without limitation,
any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to
any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, or Benchmark Unavailability
Period (ii) to select, determine or designate any Base Rate, Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index,
or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. None of the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties
set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference Rate or Reference Rate including,
without limitation, any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the Base Rate or any Benchmark Replacement,
and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the
part of any other transaction party, including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the
Required Lenders, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement
and reasonably required for the performance of such duties.

(j)Information
Provided to Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator. Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither the
Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the
Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a timely
basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with
the terms of this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance
on the Collateral Agent's or Collateral Administrator's, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results
from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply
with the terms hereof.

- 89 - 

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01.Non-Petition;
Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager
and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) hereby agrees not
to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the
Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference
period plus one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material
inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent
or the Company may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation,
in any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy,
winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such
proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01
shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described
in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained
in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of
the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any
assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that
this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager under
the Loan Documents) the Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator,
stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates
(solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company
or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability
for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity,
or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent
is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement.

SECTION 10.02.Notices.
All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers
or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging
system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule
(or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such
notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) personally delivered, (b) in the case of
a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (c) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other electronic
messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

- 90 - 

Each of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator
and Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement and other Loan
Documents sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided, that each party
providing such instructions or directions shall provide to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary written
notice of persons designated to provide instructions or directions. The Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary
shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Collateral Agent's, Collateral Administrator's
and Securities Intermediary's reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or
being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Each party hereto agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such
electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary,
including without limitation the risk of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary acting on unauthorized
instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Any party providing such instructions acknowledges and agrees
that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security
procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree
of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances.

SECTION 10.03.No
Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect
to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 10.04.Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff.

(a)The
Company shall pay and reimburse (1) subject (in the case of initial fees and expenses) to Section 2.04(e), all fees and reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related
Parties, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent and the Collateral Administrator, and such other
local counsel as required for the Agents, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, collectively, in connection with
the preparation and administration of this Agreement, the Account Control Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the
provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (2) all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and
the Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator
and the Securities Intermediary and such other local counsel as required for all of them, in connection herewith, including the enforcement
or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, including their rights under this Section,
the other Loan Documents or in connection with the Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.

- 91 - 

(b)The
Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, each Lender and their Related Parties (each
such Person being called an "Indemnitee"), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims
(whether brought by or involving the Company or any third party), damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges
and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for each affiliated group of Indemnitees and such other local counsel as required for
any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (1) the execution
or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance
by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including, without limitation, any breach of any representation or warranty made
by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any limitation included in any such
representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material Adverse Effect)) or the exercise or enforcement of the parties
thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition
of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
(2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding
relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party
thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available
to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) with
respect to the Lenders, relate to the performance of the Portfolio Investments. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect
to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against
the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided,
that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Company's indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages
are included in a third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d)If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) and each of its Affiliates is
hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or
Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing
under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and
although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies
(including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.

SECTION 10.05.Amendments.
Subject to Section 3.02(b), (c) and (d), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective
unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by an electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents, the
Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided,
however, that any amendment to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment
is necessary to effectuate the purposes of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and which would not result in an increase or decrease in the rights, duties
or liabilities of the Portfolio Manager or the Company shall not be required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager or the Company;
provided further that the Administrative Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule
3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; provided further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; provided
further that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby.

- 92 - 

SECTION 10.06.Successors;
Assignments.

(a)The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer
by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)Subject
to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and/or the Advances at the time owing to it) to any person with the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and, if the assignee is not a bank, broker-dealer or insurance company, the Portfolio
Manager (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and upon reasonable prior written notice (including via email) to the
Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent or the Portfolio
Manager shall be required for an assignment of any Financing Commitment (x) to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof)
immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment or (y) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event; provided further that, prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event
of Default and prior to the occurrence of a Market Value Event, no Lender may assign all or a portion its rights and obligations under
this Agreement to a Competitor without the prior consent of the Portfolio Manager; provided further that JPMCB shall provide written
notice (including via email) to the Portfolio Manager if the other Lenders hold more than 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Advance (other than outstanding Advances of Defaulting Lenders) plus (ii) the aggregate
undrawn amount of the Financing Commitments (other than the undrawn amount of the Financing Commitments of Defaulting Lenders).

Assignments shall be subject to the following additional
conditions: (A) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights
and obligations under this Agreement; and (B) the assignor and assignee shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, the
Company and the Portfolio Manager a fully-executed assignment and assumption agreement in the form of Exhibit C hereto (an "Assignment
and Assumption") together with each applicable Lender Letter Agreement (if any).

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof below,
from and after the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to
the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement,
and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from
its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and
obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 5.03 and 10.04).

- 93 - 

The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this
purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered to it and
the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, the Collateral Agent, any Lender and the Portfolio
Manager, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and
assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record
the information contained therein in the Register.

(c)Any
Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a "Lender Participant") in all or a portion of
such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and/or the Advances
owing to it); provided that (1) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the Company, the Agents
and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations
under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender
shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Lender Participant,
agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant.

(d)Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participant's interest
in the Advances and/or other obligations under this Agreement (the "Participant Register"); provided that no Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant
or any information relating to a Lender Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under
any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter
of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The
entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining
a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01(e) and
3.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it being understood
that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation)) to the
same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided
that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to replacement of Lenders
as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to any participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have
been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs
after the Lender Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company's request
and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in
Section 3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant.

- 94 - 

SECTION 10.07.Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a)Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.

(b)Submission
to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively, "Proceedings") shall be
tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in
New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto irrevocably (i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives
any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings,
that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings
to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place where such party
or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the
bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

(c)Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 10.08.Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Advance, together
with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the "Charges"),
shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the "Maximum Rate") which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved
by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and
Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.08
shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but
not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate
to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 10.09.PATRIOT
Act. Each Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the
requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information
includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance
with the PATRIOT Act.

- 95 - 

SECTION 10.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication including electronic
mail, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by email or facsimile shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words "executed," "execution," "sign,"
"signed," "signature," and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document
related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including,
without limitation, "pdf," "tif", "tiff", "jpeg" or "jpg") and other electronic signatures
(including, without limitation, Orbit, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without
limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of
the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the
New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other Applicable Law, including, without limitation, any state law based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

By executing this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby
acknowledge and agree, and direct the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary to acknowledge and agree
and the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary do hereby acknowledge and agree, that execution of this
Agreement, any instruction, order, direction, notice, form or other document executed by the any party to this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents in connection with this Agreement or such other Loan Documents, by electronic signatures (whether by Adobe Sign, DocuSign,
or any other similar platform identified by such party and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent,
Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and
such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures. Any electronically signed
document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such officer
on such party's behalf. The parties hereto also hereby acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities
Intermediary shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and
shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto.

SECTION 10.11.Headings.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

- 96 - 

SECTION 10.12.Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender
that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the
applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application of any Write-Down and
Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender
that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any
such liability, including, if applicable:

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of
any such liability;

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability
into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that
may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu
of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority.

As used herein:

"Affected Financial Institution"
means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

"Bail-In Action" means the exercise
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

"Bail-In Legislation" means (a) with
respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of
the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking
Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

"EEA Financial Institution" means
(a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any
entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of
this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

"EEA Member Country" means any of
the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

"EEA Resolution Authority" means
any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

"EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule"
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to
time.

- 97 - 

"Resolution Authority" means an
EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

"UK Financial Institution" means
any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

"UK Resolution Authority" means
the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

"Write-Down and Conversion Powers"
means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from
time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract
or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it
or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary
to any of those powers.

SECTION 10.13.Confidentiality.

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information until the date that is two (2) years after
receipt of such Information (or, with respect to Information relating to the financial and other material terms of this Agreement, until
the date that is one (1) year after the Maturity Date), except that (x) Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its
Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that
the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such
Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority), (iii) to
the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party to this
Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, the sale of any Portfolio Investment following the occurrence
of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of
rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.13,
to (x) any assignee of or participant in or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement, or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to
the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (x) becomes
publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party or its Affiliates or (y) becomes
available to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source
other than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under this Agreement or the Account Control Agreement and (y) Loan
Documents, transaction documents delivered pursuant to Section 2.04, any structure chart relating to the Company, any manager deck
or portfolio loan tape may be disclosed to a nationally recognized statistical rating organization in connection with securing and/or
maintaining a rating with respect to Advances made hereunder. For the purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain
the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to
do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord
to its own confidential information.

- 98 - 

SECTION 10.14. Acknowledgements
of Lenders.

(a)Each
Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is
engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such
Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of
financial instrument (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of
the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make Advances hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make,
acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either
it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other
facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender,
or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public
information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to
time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other
Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

(b)Each
Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to
an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have
acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be
approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date.

(c)(i) 
Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined
in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment,
prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a "Payment") were erroneously
transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such
Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount
of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect
of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid
to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such
Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment
with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without
limitation any defense based on "discharge for value" or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender
under this Section 10.14(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

- 99 - 

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that
if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different
date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment
(a "Payment Notice") or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in
each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise
becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of
such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter,
return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day
funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received
by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(iii) The Company, the Collateral Agent and
each other party hereto agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender
that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of
such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy
any obligations owed by the Company, the Collateral Agent or any other party hereto; except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous
Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent or
its Affiliates from the Company for the purposes of making such Payment.

(iv) Each party's obligations under this Section 10.14(c) shall
survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the
termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

SECTION 10.15.Effect
of Amendment and Restatement.

On the Amendment and Restatement Effective Date,
the Original Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, whether executed and delivered in connection herewith or otherwise, do not constitute a novation, payment
and reborrowing, or termination of the obligations, security interest and Liens under the Original Agreement as in effect immediately
prior to the Amendment and Restatement Effective Date, which remain outstanding and in effect and (ii) such obligations, security
interest and Liens (as amended and restated hereby) are in all respects continuing.

[remainder of page intentionally blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

SPCC FUNDING I LLC,

as Company

By /s/ Michael S. Winderman

Name: Michael S. Winderman 

Title: Vice President

STONE POINT CREDIT ADVISER LLP,

as Portfolio Manager

By /s/ Michael S. Winderman

Name: Michael S. Winderman

Title: Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
Securities Intermediary

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent

By /s/ James Greenfield 

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Lender

By /s/ James Greenfield 

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

SCHEDULE 1

Transaction Schedule

1. Types of Financing Available Financing Limit

Advances yes 

Tranche A Financing Limit:

Prior to a Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$200,000,000 and after a Commitment
Increase Date, if any, U.S.$200,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the
applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the aggregate
and, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07. Available in USD only.

Tranche B Financing Limit:

Prior to a Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$650,000,00; and after a Commitment
Increase Date, if any, U.S.$650,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the
applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the aggregate,
in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07.

- 2 - 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Tranche B Advances denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currencies may not exceed 20.0% of the cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit.

Cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit: Prior to a Commitment Increase Date:

U.S.$850,000,000; and after a Commitment Increase Date, if any, U.S.$850,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Tranche A Financing Commitment or Tranche B Financing Commitment, as applicable set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the aggregate, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07.

2. 

Lenders

Financing Commitment

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 

Tranche A Financing Commitment:

Prior to a Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$200,000,000; After a Commitment
Increase Date, if any, U.S.$200,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the
applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Limit up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the aggregate
and, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07. Available in USD only.

- 3 - 

Tranche B Financing Commitment:

Prior to a Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$650,000,000; After a Commitment
Increase Date, if any, U.S.$650,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the
applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Commitment up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the
aggregate and, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Tranche
B Advances denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currencies may not exceed 20.0% of the cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Commitment.

Cumulative Tranche A and Tranche B Financing Commitment:

Prior to a Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$850,000,000; After a Commitment
Increase Date, if any, U.S.$850,000,000 plus the principal amount of each increase in the Tranche A Financing Commitment or Tranche
B Financing Commitment, as applicable, set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Requests for a cumulative Tranche A and Tranche
B Financing Commitment up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 in the aggregate and, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07.

3. Scheduled Termination Date: June 27, 2029

4. Interest Rates 

Applicable Margin for Advances: 

With respect to interest based on a Benchmark, 2.00% per annum; provided
that, in the case of Tranche B Advances denominated in GBP, the Applicable Margin for Advances shall be 2.1193% per annum (in each case,
subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

With respect to interest based on the Term SOFR Rate, 2.00% per annum
(subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

- 4 - 

With respect to interest based on the Base Rate, 2.00% per annum; provided
that, in the case of Tranche B Advances denominated in GBP, the Applicable Margin for Advances shall be 2.1193% per annum (in each case,
subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

5. Account Numbers 

Custodial Account: [******-***]

Interest Collection Account: [******-***]

Principal Collection Account: [******-***]

MV Cure Account: [******-***]

Unfunded Exposure Account: [******-***]

Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts:

AUD: 

AUD Custodial Account: [******-***]

AUD Interest Collection Account: [******-***]

AUD Principal Collection Account: [******-***]

AUD Unfunded Exposure Account: [******-***]

CAD:

CAD Custodial Account: [******-***]

CAD Interest Collection Account: [******-***]

CAD Principal Collection Account: [******-***]

CAD Unfunded Exposure Account: [******-***]

GBP: 

GBP Custodial Account: [******-***]

GBP Interest Collection Account: [******-***]

GBP Principal Collection Account: [******-***]

GBP Unfunded Exposure Account: [******-***]

Euro:

Euro Custodial Account: [******-***]

Euro Interest Collection Account: [******-***]

Euro Principal Collection Account: [******-***]

Euro Unfunded Exposure Account: [******-***]

6. Market Value Trigger: On any date of determination, the then-current Advance Rate plus 7.5%

7. Market Value Cure Level: On any date of determination, the then-current Advance Rate

- 5 - 

8. Purchases of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As used herein, "Restricted Security" means any security that forms part of a new issue of publicly issued securities (a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a "broker" or a "dealer", within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender. 

- 6 - 

Addresses for Notices

The Company: 

SPCC Funding I LLC

c/o Stone Point Credit Corporation

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Attn: Gene Basov, Chief Financial Officer

Telephone: 203-862-3141

Email: SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com

The Portfolio Manager: 

Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Attn: Gene Basov, Chief Financial Officer

Telephone: 203-862-3141

Email: SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com

The Administrative Agent: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

with a copy to

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-834-9340

Email:

James.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

With a copy to:

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

The Collateral Agent: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust SPCC Funding I LLC

Email: SPCC.Funding.I.LLC@usbank.com, with a copy to stonepointcustody@usbank.com

The Securities Intermediary: 

U.S. Bank National Association,

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust SPCC Funding I LLC

Email: SPCC.Funding.I.LLC@usbank.com, with a copy to stonepointcustody@usbank.com

The Collateral Administrator: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust SPCC Funding I LLC

Email: SPCC.Funding.I.LLC@usbank.com, with a copy to stonepointcustody@usbank.com

- 7 - 

JPMCB: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

with a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-834-9340

Each other Lender: The address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) provided by it to the Administrative Agent. 

SCHEDULE 2

Contents of Notices of Acquisition

Each Notice of Acquisition shall include the following information
for the related Portfolio Investment(s):

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Email: de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: Burton Chirinos

Email:NA_Private_Financing_Diligence@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

cc:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Attention: Global Corporate Trust SPCC Funding I LLC

Email: SPCC.Funding.I.LLC@usbank.com, with a copy to stonepointcustody@usbank.com

- 2 - 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024 (as amended, the "Agreement"), among SPCC Funding I
LLC, as borrower (the "Company"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "Administrative
Agent"), Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager"), the lenders party thereto
and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Portfolio Manager
hereby [requests approval for the Company to acquire][notifies the Administrative Agent of the Company's intention to acquire] via [a
Purchase][a Substitution] the following Portfolio Investment(s):1

Fund 

Issuer / Obligor 

Jurisdiction 

Identifier (LoanX; CUSIP) 

Requested Notional Amount 

Currency 

Asset Class 

Current Pay (Y/N) 

Syndication Type 

Lien 

Tranche Size 

Price 

Spread / Coupon 

Reference Rate 

Reference Rate Floor 

Maturity 

Moody's Industry 

LTM EBITDA (In Millions) 

LTM Capital Expenditures (in Millions) 

Leverage Through Tranche (Net) 

Interest Coverage 

Financial Covenants 

Security Identifier 

Security Description 

Quantity 

Partial PIK Obligation (Y/N) 

1 Company to complete as applicable.

- 3 - 

To the extent available, we have included
herewith (1) the material Underlying Instruments (including, in the case of a Loan, the final credit agreement and collateral and
security documents) relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) an audited financial statement for the previous most recently
ended three years of the obligor of each such Portfolio Investment to the extent reasonably available to and received by the Portfolio
Manager after reasonable inquiry or, alternatively, a quality of earnings report prepared by an accredited accounting firm, (3) quarterly
statements for the previous most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the obligor of each such Portfolio Investment, (4) any appraisal
or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed investment by the Company, (5) applicable "proof
of existence" details (if requested by the Administrative Agent), and (6) investment committee memo. The Portfolio Manager acknowledges
that it will provide such other information from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

We hereby certify that all conditions to the Purchase
of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement are satisfied.

Very truly yours,

Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name:

Title:

SCHEDULE 3

Eligibility Criteria

1. Such obligation is a Senior Secured Obligation, a Second Lien Obligation, a Liquid Unsecured Bond or a Specified Investment and is
not a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance Obligation, a Participation Interest (other than a Participation
Interest that is an Initial Portfolio Investment), a letter of credit or an interest therein or a Mezzanine Obligation (or, for the avoidance
of doubt, any other unsecured obligation of an obligor).

2. Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the Company to the issuer thereof or any related counterparty
except in connection with a Delayed Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan.

3. Such obligation is eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company and pledged to the Collateral Agent.

4. Such obligation is denominated and payable in USD or a Permitted Non-USD Currency and purchased at a price that is at least 75% of
the par amount of such obligation; provided that any Non-Traded Portfolio Investment must be purchased at a price that is at least 95%
of par.

5. Such obligation is issued by a company organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction.

6. It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of any withholding Taxes imposed
by any jurisdiction unless the related obligor is required to make "gross-up" payments that cover the full amount of any such
withholding Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such payments which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company)
in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied).

7. Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in the Underlying Instruments for such obligation) in accordance
with its terms (including the terms of its Underlying Instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the
Underlying Instruments for such obligation, but not to exceed five (5) days) and no Indebtedness of the obligor thereon ranking pari
passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with respect to the payment of principal or interest or is subject to any other
event of default that would trigger a default under the related Underlying Instruments (after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period
set forth in such Underlying Instruments, but not to exceed five (5) days) (a "Defaulted Obligation").

8. The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related risk as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its good
faith and reasonable judgment.

9. It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase the subject of an offer other than an offer pursuant to the terms of which
the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash in an amount equal to or greater
than the full face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and unpaid interest.

10. Such obligation is not an equity security and does not provide, on the date of acquisition, for conversion or exchange at any time
over its life into an equity security.

- 2 - 

11. Such obligation (i) provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually and (ii) except with
respect to a Partial PIK Obligation, does not allow for the "payment in kind" of interest.

12. Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

13. The Portfolio Investment has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent.

14. (i) The Administrative Agent is an "Eligible Assignee" (as such term, or comparable term, is defined in the Underlying
Instruments in respect of such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold
or assigned to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Company has delivered to the Collateral Agent to hold in custody in accordance
with this Agreement (to be provided to the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event) an assignment agreement duly executed by the administrative agent and/or obligor
(as required to effect an assignment pursuant to such Underlying Instruments) in respect of such Portfolio Investment, naming the Administrative
Agent as assignee.

15. Following the relevant Trade Date, such Portfolio Investment has not been amended to (a) reduce the principal amount of such
Portfolio Investment, (b) postpone the maturity date or any scheduled prepayment date in respect of such Portfolio Investment, (c) alter
the pro rata allocation or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related Underlying Instruments in a manner adverse to
the Company, (d) release any material guarantor of such Portfolio Investment from its obligations, or (e) terminate or release
any lien on a material portion on the collateral securing such Portfolio Investment, in each case without the prior written consent of
the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders); provided that this clause 15 shall not be applicable for purposes
of Section 1.03 of the Agreement.

16. Without limitation to clauses 7 and 15 above, in the case of a Specified Investment, (i) the obligor on such obligation has not
violated any financial covenant contained in such obligation's Underlying Instruments and (ii) no such financial covenant has been
amended, modified or waived, in each case, since the relevant Trade Date (in the case of this subclause (ii), unless otherwise consented
to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

The following capitalized terms used in this Schedule
3 shall have the meanings set forth below:

"Eligible Jurisdictions"
means the United States and any State therein Australia, Canada, the Cayman Islands, the United Kingdom and each country within the European
Economic Area other than Bulgaria, Romania and Malta, or such other jurisdictions as may be consented to by the Administrative Agent in
its sole discretion.

"Partial PIK Obligation"
means a Senior Secured Obligation or a Second Lien Obligation whose Underlying Instruments permit the "payment in kind" of interest
("PIK-ing Interest"), but require that interest at a rate at least equal to the sum of (a) the reference rate applicable
to such Senior Secured Obligation or Second Lien Obligation plus (b) 50% of the spread of such Senior Secured Obligation or
Second Lien Obligation is paid in cash on at least a semi-annual basis.

"Specified Investment"
has the meaning set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

- 3 - 

"Structured Finance Obligation"
means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool
of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.

"Synthetic Security"
means a security or swap transaction, other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that has payments associated with either
payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.

"Zero-Coupon Security"
means any debt security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period that it is outstanding
or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity.

SCHEDULE 4

Concentration Limitations

The "Concentration Limitations" shall be satisfied
on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments) owned (or in relation
to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements set forth below;
provided that, with respect to each Concentration Limitation set forth below related to any Permitted Non-USD Currency, prior to
the receipt of the applicable Account Opening Notice such Concentration Limitation shall be not more than 0.0%:

1. Portfolio Investments issued by a single obligor and its affiliates may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 6% of the
Collateral Principal Amount; provided that (x) Senior Secured Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Specified
Investments and Liquid Unsecured Bonds) issued by 1 obligor and its affiliates in any of Industry Classifications 202020, 351020, 351030,
402010, 402020, 402030, 403010, 451020 or 451030 that are agreed to between the Administrative Agent and the Portfolio Manager in writing
(including via email) may constitute up to an aggregate principal balance equal to 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (y) Second
Lien Obligations, Liquid Unsecured Bonds or Specified Investments (unless agreed otherwise by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)
issued by a single obligor and its affiliates may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 4% of the Collateral Principal Amount
(such limitations, the "Base Obligor Limitations"); provided, further that, unless the Portfolio Manager
has terminated Stage 1 in accordance with the definition of such term, (a) during the period commencing on the Original Effective
Date and ending on (but excluding) March 28, 2022, Portfolio Investments issued by a single obligor and its affiliates may not exceed
an aggregate principal balance equal to $55,000,000 and (b) during the period commencing on March 28, 2022 and ending on (but
excluding) December 28, 2022, Portfolio Investments issued by a single obligor and its affiliates may not exceed an aggregate principal
balance equal to 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount, except that Senior Secured Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance
of doubt, any Specified Investments and Liquid Unsecured Bonds) issued by up to two (2) obligors and their respective affiliates
in any of Industry Classifications 202020, 351020, 351030, 402010, 402020, 402030, 403010, 451020 or 451030 that are agreed to between
the Administrative Agent and the Portfolio Manager in writing (including via email) may each constitute up to an aggregate principal balance
equal to 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount.

2. (a) During the Ramp-Up Period, not less than 80% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Obligations
and Specified Investments, collectively (plus cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in the Collateral Accounts as Principal Proceeds)
and (b) after the Ramp-Up Period, not less than 85% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Obligations
and Specified Investments, collectively (plus cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in the Collateral Accounts as Principal Proceeds).

3. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Specified Investments.

4. On any date on or after December 28, 2021, (a) not more than 12% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio
Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to the same GICs Industry Classification industry classification; provided
that Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to any of the following GICs Industry Classification industry classifications
may each constitute up to 18% of the Collateral Principal Amount: 202020, 351020, 351030, 402010, 402020, 402030, 403010, 451020 and 451030
and Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to one of the foregoing GICs Industry Classification industry classifications
may constitute up to 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided, further, that Diversified Tech and Services Classification
Portfolio Investments may constitute up to 100% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (b) not more than the applicable percentage
of the Collateral Principal Amount set forth in the column entitled "Sector Limit" in Schedule 6 hereto may consist of Portfolio
Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to the same GICs Industry Classification sector classification set forth in Schedule
6 hereto; provided, further, that Diversified Tech and Services Classification Portfolio Investments may constitute up to
100% of the Collateral Principal Amount. As used herein:

- 2 - 

"GICs Industry Classification" means a sector
or industry classification set forth in Schedule 6 hereto, as applicable, which classification (x) shall be determined by
the Portfolio Manager (with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Trade Date for the applicable
Portfolio Investment and (y) shall be updated, upon reasonable prior notice to the Portfolio Manager, for any published revisions
to GICs sector or industry classifications.

"Diversified Tech and Services Classification Portfolio
Investments" means, for purposes of both the GICs Industry Classification industry classifications and the GICs Industry Classification
sector classifications, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, Portfolio Investments of obligors that belong
to either of the following GICs Industry Classification industry classifications: 451020 or 451030 and result in diversified end-market
revenue streams for software products.

5. The Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount.

6. Not more than an aggregate of 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in Permitted
Non-USD Currencies; provided that not more than an aggregate of 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio
Investments denominated in AUD.

7. Not more than an aggregate of 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments whose obligors are organized
in Eligible Jurisdictions other than the United States.

8. 0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of obligations of obligors with EBITDA for the most recent fiscal quarter ending
on or most recently ended prior to the applicable date of determination (calculated in accordance with the Underlying Instruments in respect
of such Portfolio Investment, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable judgment) of U.S.$10,000,000 or
less; provided that Specified Investments shall be disregarded for purposes of this clause 8.

9. Not more than 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Partial PIK Obligations which are currently PIK-ing Interest.

10. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Liquid Unsecured Bonds.

SCHEDULE 5

Initial Portfolio Investments

[Intentionally Omitted]

SCHEDULE 6

GICs Industry Classifications

Sector Classification Sector Limit Industry Code Industry Classification

Energy 5% 101010 Energy Equipment & Services

101020 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 

Materials 15% 151010 Chemicals

151020 Construction Materials

151030 Containers & Packaging

151040 Metals & Mining

151050 Paper & Forest Products

Industrials 25% 201010 Aerospace & Defense

201020 Building Products

201030 Construction & Engineering

201040 Electrical Equipment

201050 Industrial Conglomerates

201060 Machinery 

201070 Trading Companies & Distributors 

202010 Commercial Services & Supplies 

202020 Professional Services

203010 Air Freight & Logistics 

203020 Airlines

203030 Marine

203040 Road & Rail

203050 Transportation Infrastructure

Consumer Discretionary 10% 251010 Auto Components 

251020 Automobiles

252010 Household Durables 

252020 Leisure Products 

252030 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 

253010 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 

253020 Diversified Consumer Services

255010 Distributors 

255020 Internet & Direct Marketing Retail 

255030 Multiline Retail 

255040 Specialty Retail 

Consumer Staples 15% 301010 Food & Staples Retailing 

302010 Beverages 

302020 Food Products 

302030 Tobacco 

303010 Household Products 

303020 Personal Products

Health Care Variable Sector Limit 351010 Health Care Equipment & Supplies

351020 Health Care Providers & Services

351030 Health Care Technology

352010 Biotechnology 

- 2 - 

352020 Pharmaceuticals 

352030 Life Sciences Tools & Services

Financials Variable Sector Limit 401010 Banks

401020 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance

402010 Diversified Financial Services

402020 Consumer Finance

402030 Capital Markets 

402040 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

403010 Insurance

Information Technology Variable Sector Limit 451020 IT Services 

451030 Software 

452010 Communications Equipment 

452020 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals

452030 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 

453010 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

Communication Services 25% 501020 Diversified Telecommunication Services

501020 Wireless Telecommunication Services

502010 Media 

502020 Entertainment

502030 Interactive Media & Services

Utilities 15% 551010 Electric Utilities 

551020 Gas Utilities 

551030 Multi-Utilities 

551040 Water Utilities 

551050 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Real Estate 15% 601010 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

601020 Real Estate Management & Development

* As used above, "Variable Sector Limit" means, on
any date of determination, (i) with respect to one of the GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 40%,
(ii) with respect to one of the applicable GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 30% and (iii) with
respect to the remaining GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification Designated above, 25%. For the avoidance of doubt, neither
the Company nor the Portfolio Manager shall be obligated to select or identify the applicable designated GICs Industry Classification
Sector Classifications to which clause (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall apply and no action by any Person shall be required to
modify which applicable designated GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification is subject to any such clause.

SCHEDULE 7

Form of Partial PIK Obligations Notifications

Portfolio Investment Paid PIK Interest in Quarter ended [Insert immediately prior Quarter] (Y/N) Coupon Paid (Cash / PIK Interest)

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Request for Advance

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield

Email:james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

cc:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,

as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Attention: Global Corporate Trust SPCC Funding I LLC

Email: SPCC.Funding.I.LLC@usbank.com, with a copy to stonepointcustody@usbank.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024 (as amended, the "Agreement"), among SPCC Funding I
LLC, as borrower (the "Company"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "Administrative
Agent"), Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager"), the lenders party thereto,
and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, you are hereby notified
of the following:

(1)The
Company hereby requests an Advance under Section 2.03 of the Agreement to be funded on [____________].

- 2 - 

(2)The
aggregate amount of the Advance requested hereby is U.S.$[_________].2

(3)The
currency of the proposed Advance is [USD][AUD][CAD][EUR][GBP]3.

(4)The
proposed purchases (if any) relating to this request are as follows:

Security Par Price Purchased Interest (if any)

]

[(5)The
Advance is requested to make a Permitted Distribution for the following purpose(s): [__]].

We hereby certify that all conditions [to the Purchase
of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement and] to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05
of the Agreement have been satisfied or waived as of the [related Trade Date (and shall be satisfied or waived as of the related Settlement
Date) and] Advance date[, as applicable].

Very truly yours,

SPCC Funding I LLC

By 

Name:

Title:

2 Note: The requested Advance shall be in an amount such
that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s) (if any), the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied.

3 Each request for an Advance denominated in USD shall
be deemed to be a concurrent request for both Tranche A Advances and Tranche B Advances. Tranche A Advances shall not be available in
any currency other than USD.

EXHIBIT B

Form of Equity Commitment Letter

EQUITY COMMITMENT
LETTER (this "Equity Commitment Letter") dated as of [___] by and between STONE POINT CREDIT CORPORATION ("Parent")
and SPCC FUNDING I LLC ("Borrower").

WHEREAS, Borrower has entered into that certain
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of [__], 2024 (as amended or modified from time to time, the "Agreement")
among the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the "Administrative Agent"),
the financing providers party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto;

WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent has delivered
a notice to Borrower that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred and, to prevent a Market Value Cure Failure from occurring under the
Agreement, Parent has elected to deliver this Equity Commitment Letter committing to contribute funds to Borrower as set forth below;
and

WHEREAS, Parent owns all the equity interests in
the Borrower, and will benefit from the extension of the deadline to effect a Market Value Cure under the Agreement that will result from
the delivery of this Equity Commitment Letter; and

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree
as follows:

1. Equity Commitment. Parent hereby irrevocably commits
to transfer immediately available funds to the MV Cure Account an amount equal to $[__]4
(the "Equity Commitment Amount") no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on [_____]5
(the "Due Date"). Parent further agrees that it shall transfer Capital Contributions (as defined below) it receives
forming part of the Equity Commitment Amount to the MV Cure Account within one Business Day of receipt of such Capital Contribution (or
as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the Due Date). Attached hereto as Annex 1 is a true and correct copy of a representative
call notice (each such notice to an equity owner of Parent, a "Capital Call") requesting a Capital Contribution issued
to one of Parent's equity owners and indicating the aggregate amount of the Capital Contributions requested by Parent from its equity
owners.

4 Amount not less than the amount required to effect a
Market Value Cure

5 Date not later than 12 Business Days following the date
on which notice of a Market Value Event was delivered by the Administrative Agent

- 2 - 

2. Representations and Warranties. Parent represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Due Date that:

a. it is duly organized or incorporated and registered, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization or incorporation and registration;

b. the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Equity Commitment Letter are within its powers under its organizational documents
and have been duly authorized by all necessary action by its equity owners and, if required, any other person under its constituent documents;

c. this Equity Commitment Letter has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws affecting
creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
at law;

d. the execution, delivery and performance of this Equity Commitment Letter (i) do not require any consent or approval of, registration
or filing with, or other action by, any governmental authority, except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect and
no limitations set forth in Parent's investment restrictions will be exceeded as a result of this Equity Commitment Letter, (ii) except
as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, will not violate any Applicable Law or regulation or the constituent
documents of Parent or any order of any court or governmental authority, and (iii) will not violate or result in a default under
any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon Parent or any of its properties or give rise to a right thereunder
to require it to make any payment;

e. there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or court or other governmental authority pending against or,
to its knowledge, threatened against or affecting Parent as to which there is a reasonable possibility of adverse determinations that,
in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on its assets, operations, prospects or condition,
financial or otherwise or its ability to perform its obligations under this Equity Commitment Letter;

f. it has issued Capital Calls to its equity owners requesting purchases of equity interests with a purchase price at least equal to
(x) the amount required to effect a Market Value Cure multiplied by (y) 125% (the "Capital Contributions")
to be funded no later than the tenth calendar day following delivery of such Capital Calls.

g. the Capital Calls have been made in compliance with Parent's organizational documents and each of Parent's equity owners receiving
a Capital Call has unused commitments to purchase equity interests in Parent for a price at least equal to the amount set forth in the
Capital Call to such equity owner, which unused commitments are available for the purpose contemplated hereby.

h. except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no material adverse effect on its business, assets,
liabilities or financial condition (taken as a whole) that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability
to perform its obligations under this Equity Commitment Letter shall have occurred since the date of its most recent financial statements;

- 3 - 

i. no breach of its organizational documents that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform
its obligations under this Equity Commitment Letter shall have occurred and be continuing;

j. no vote or determination has been made by its designated directors, managers, members, shareholders or other applicable persons under
its constituent document to terminate, dissolve or wind up Parent or to terminate or suspend the commitments of its equity owners to purchase
additional equity interests; and

k. the financial statements provided by Parent as part of the Capital Call Confirmation Package to which this Equity Commitment Letter
relates fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of Parent.

3. Covenants. Parent covenants that it shall (i) not rescind or modify any Capital Call, (ii) not permit any lien on
any Capital Contribution, (iii) not use the Capital Contributions for any purpose other than to deposit proceeds thereof into the
MV Cure Account in accordance with the Agreement; provided that Parent may utilize any portion of the Capital Contributions in
excess of the Equity Commitment Amount for any permissible purpose under its constituent documents following the deposit of the Equity
Commitment Amount into the MV Cure Account, (iv) immediately inform the Administrative Agent if Parent has received notice or has
any other reason to believe that the Capital Contributions will not be timely made and (v) furnish to the Administrative Agent a
compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and correct, stating the amount of the Capital Call
Capacity as of the date thereof, including a list of the Parent's equity owners, the total capital commitment of each such equity owner
and the unfunded capital commitment of each such equity owner.

4. Waivers.

a. Parent agrees that its obligation hereunder to fund the Equity Commitment Amount shall not be affected by, or set off against, any
claim that it may have against Borrower or any obligation that Borrower may owe to Parent, whether in connection herewith or otherwise,
and that Parent shall not assert any legal or equitable defense or counterclaim to its obligations hereunder.

b. Parent hereby waives any claim or defense that it may have under Section 365(c) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the
enforceability of its obligations under this Equity Commitment Letter.

5. Third Party Beneficiary Rights. Each of the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent is an intended third party beneficiary
of this Equity Commitment Letter and shall have the right to enforce this Equity Commitment Letter directly against Parent. Parent and
Borrower agree that no amendment, modification, or waiver of, forbearance under, or consent to the deviation from the terms of, this Equity
Commitment Letter may be effected without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

- 4 - 

6. Assignment. The rights and obligations of Parent set forth herein may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by Parent to
any other Person without the written consent of Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and any purported transfer or assignment without
the written consent of Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be null and void.

7. Governing Law. This Equity Commitment Letter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of
New York.

8. Jurisdiction. Parent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction
of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in New York, New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Equity Commitment Letter, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent
permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall
be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Equity Commitment Letter shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or Borrower may otherwise have to
bring any action or proceeding relating to this Equity Commitment Letter against Parent or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Parent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which
it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Equity Commitment
Letter in any court referred to above. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in any such court.

Sincerely, 

STONE POINT CREDIT CORPORATION, as
Parent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

Acknowledged and agreed, 

as of the first date written above 

SPCC FUNDING I LLC, as Company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

- 5 - 

Annex 1 to Equity Commitment Letter

EXHIBIT C

Form of Assignment and Assumption

This Assignment and Assumption (the "Assignment
and Assumption") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor]
(the "Assignor") and [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee"). Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement identified below (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the "Loan Agreement"), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard
Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of
this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby
irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to
and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Loan Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative
Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Loan Agreement
and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified
below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the Loan Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted
to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)
against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Loan Agreement, any other documents or instruments
delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including
contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and
obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and
(ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the "Assigned Interest"). Such sale and assignment is without
recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the
Assignor.

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

[and is an Affiliate of [identify
Lender]6 ]

3. Borrower: SPCC
Funding I LLC

4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent under the Loan Agreement

5. Loan Agreement: The Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024 (as amended, the "Agreement"),
among SPCC Funding I LLC, as borrower (the "Company"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative
agent (the "Administrative Agent"), Stone Point Credit Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager"),
the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto

6 Select as applicable.

1

6.Assigned
Interest:

Aggregate Amount

of Financing

Commitment for 

all Lenders Amount of 

Financing 

Commitment

Assigned Percentage 

Assigned of 

Financing 

Commitments7 Amount of 

Advances 

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of

Advances8 

$ $ % $ % 

$ $ % $ % 

$ $ % $ % 

Aggregate Amount 

of Advances for all 

Lenders Aggregate

Amount of 

Advances 

Assigned Percentage 

Assigned of 

Advances8 

$ $ % 

$ $ % 

Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed
Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may
contain material non-public information about the Company and its Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available
and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee's compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and
state securities laws.

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed
to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

7 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of
the Financing Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder.

2

Consented to and Accepted:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as 

Administrative Agent 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consented to:]8 

SPCC FUNDING I LLC 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

8 To be added only if the consent of the Company is required
by the terms of the Loan Agreement.

3

annex 1
to Assignment and assumption to the Loan Agreement

STANDARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents
and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and
clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary,
to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no
responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Loan Agreement,
(ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Agreement or any collateral
thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in
respect of the Loan Agreement, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Loan Agreement
or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Loan Agreement.

1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents
and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment
and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Loan Agreement, (ii) it satisfies
the requirements, if any, specified in the Loan Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to
acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of
the Loan Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder,
(iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either
it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of
such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Loan Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered
pursuant to Section 6.02(p) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to
make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis
of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other
Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required
to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that
(i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective
Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit
decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of
the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

2. Payments. From and after the Effective
Date, the Collateral Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees
and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts
which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3. General Provisions. This Assignment
and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This
Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and
adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>none-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>none-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>none-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2512253d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 814-01375

Entity Registrant Name Stone Point Credit Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001825384

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3149929

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 20 Horseneck Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Greenwich

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06830

City Area Code 203

Local Phone Number 862-2900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://stonepoint.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

none-20250411.xsd 
none-20250411_lab.xml 
none-20250411_pre.xml 
tm2512253d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-034994-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2512253d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001825384 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001825384 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
Stone Point Credit Corporation 
DE 
814-01375 
85-3149929 
20 Horseneck Lane 
Greenwich 
CT 
06830 
203 
862-2900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>