<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-002767.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-002767.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204172409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-002767
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLUM HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001996210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				933735199
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56626
		FILM NUMBER:		25589647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3242 SOUTH HALLADAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3238410046

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3242 SOUTH HALLADAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92705
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blmh20250203_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?blmh20250203_8k.htm

false000199621000019962102025-01-312025-01-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):January 31, 2025

BLUM HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

000-56626 

93-3735199

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

11516 Downey Ave.,

Downey, California 

90241

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (888)909-5564

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 31, 2025, Blum Holdings, Inc. (the Company or Blm) entered into a binding letter of intent (the LOI) with a third party seller (Seller) which sets forth the terms and conditions of a proposed transaction (the Proposed Transaction), pursuant to which the Companys wholly owned subsidiary will acquire 100% of the common stock of a target entity (the Target), which owns and operates a licensed cannabis dispensary in Northern California. The total consideration for the Proposed Transaction shall be $2,000,000 comprised of: (i) $1,300,000 payable in cash at closing, (ii) $200,000 payable in cash or stock at the Sellers election subject to earn-outs, and (iii) $500,000 payable in shares of the Companys Common Stock at a per share price of $1.90, which shall be issued at closing and held in escrow, subject to a 12-month holdback. In addition, performance-based bonus awards may be payable in cash or stock on the first anniversary following the date of closing. 

In connection with the Proposed Transaction, Blum Management Holdings, Inc. (the Holder) entered into a senior secured convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of $500,000 (the Note). The Note earns interest at a rate of 8% per annum and matures on March 31, 2025. At the Holders option, the Note may be converted into Class A and/or Class B shares of the Target, based on a Target valuation of $2,000,000, subject to decrease pursuant to certain Performance-Based Tranche Reductions as defined and described in the LOI. The Note provides for certain events of default that are typical for a transaction of this type, including, among other things, any breach of the representations, warranties or affirmative covenants made by the Target in the Note and Security Agreement (defined below). 

In connection with the issuance of the Note, the Holder and the Target entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement) pursuant to which the Target agreed to grant to the Holder a security interest in all of its assets to secure the obligations under the Note. 

The Proposed Transaction is subject to the execution of definitive agreements. No assurances can be made that the Company will successfully negotiate and enter into definitive agreements for the Proposed Transaction or that the Company will be successful in completing the Proposed Transaction.

The foregoing descriptions of the LOI, the Note, and the Security Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such LOI, Note, and Security Agreement which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding a binding letter of intent with the Target. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information provided under this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Description

10.1* Binding Letter of Intent.

10.2* Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated January 31, 2025.

10.3* Security Agreement, dated January 31, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated February 4, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

* Portions of the exhibit have been omitted.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BLUM HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: February 4, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Sabas Carrillo 

Sabas Carrillo 

Chief Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_774716.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BINDING LETTER OF INTENT.
<TEXT>
ex_774716.htm

Exhibit 10.1

Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it both (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. Information that has been omitted from the exhibit are indicated with brackets.

BINDING LETTER OF INTENT

This Binding Letter of Intent (the LOI) dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Effective Date), sets forth the terms of the agreement among Blum Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded Delaware corporation (the Buyer or Blm) via a newly formed Blm subsidiary created for the purposes of culminating the transactions contemplated herein (Blm Acquisition Co.), [***] (the Seller(s) or [***]), and [***] (the Target), on the other hand. The Buyer and the Target may be referred to collectively as Parties and each separately a Party.

BINDING PROVISIONS

Binding: 

This LOI is a statement of mutual intent and constitutes a legally binding contractual commitment between the Parties with respect to the Transaction contemplated herein. The parties acknowledge that this LOI represents a binding obligation to proceed in good faith toward the execution and delivery of the Definitive Documents and any other related agreements necessary to consummate the Transaction, subject to the conditions expressed therein. Notwithstanding the binding nature of this LOI, certain terms, including the proposed transaction structure, remain subject to revision and amendment as appropriate and as the parties see fit in Definitive Documents subject to corporate, legal, tax, accounting, and other considerations.

Transaction: 

Buyer shall enter into a Stock Sale and Purchase Agreement, or substantially similar document with Seller pursuant to which Buyer will acquire 100% of the common stock of Target from the Sellers, on the terms and subject to the conditions included herein and as further detailed in the Definitive Documents (as defined below). [***] owns 100% of the Targets issued and outstanding Class A Voting Shares and owns 96% of all of the Targets issued and outstanding shares. For the avoidance of doubt, subsequent to the closing of the Transaction, the Target shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Blm Acquisition Co., and Blm Acquisition Co. shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Blm. The Transaction will be structured in as tax-efficient of a manner as possible; provided that the Parties reserve the right to modify the structuring of the Transaction if advised to do so by their respective accountants or their respective tax, regulatory or legal advisors; provided further, however, that such structuring will not be modified in a manner that is materially and disproportionately disadvantageous from a tax standpoint for the Target without such Targets prior written consent.

Transaction Consideration: 

The total consideration for the transaction shall be $2,000,000 (Purchase Price Floor) subject to the earn-outs described below.

1. Cash Consideration:

i. $1,300,000 payable at Closing.

ii. $200,000 payable in cash or common stock of Blm at a per share price of $1.90 at Sellers election if the 12-month trailing revenue of the Business on the one-year anniversary following the Date of closing is equal to or greater than $13,700,000 but less than $15,000,000. Should Seller elect to receive common stock, Buyer shall grant to Seller, in addition to the equity contemplated herein, a common stock purchase warrant to subscribe for and purchase from the Borrower up to 10,938 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) with an exercise price of $0.64.

1

2. Equity Consideration: $500,000 aggregate value of common stock of Blm at a per share price of $1.90 (the Equity Consideration Valuation).

i. The Blm stock shall be issued at Closing and held in escrow, transfer agent, or similarly situated third party and subject to a 12-month holdback from the date of Closing for the purposes of securing indemnification obligations and any other post-closing adjustments as outlined in Definitive Documents.

3. Performance Based Bonus Awards:

i. $400,000 payable in cash or stock as mutually agreed if the 12-month trailing revenue of the Business on the one-year anniversary following the Date of closing is equal to or greater than $15,000,001 but less than $16,500,000.

ii. $800,000 payable in cash or stock as mutually agreed if the 12-month trailing revenue of the Business on the one-year anniversary following the Date of closing is equal to or greater than $16,500,001 but less than $17,500,000.

iii. $1,600,000 payable in cash or stock as mutually agreed if the 12-month trailing revenue of the Business on the one-year anniversary following the Date of closing is equal to or greater than $17,500,001.

Working Capital 

The Parties agree that within 30 days of the date of Closing, they shall make the following working capital contributions:

1. Target shall execute a senior secured convertible promissory note to [***] in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000 for working capital (the [***] Note). The [***] Note may be converted into common stock of Blm at the Equity Consideration Valuation, on terms to be agreed-upon.

2. Buyer has made and delivered to the Target a working capital contribution in the amount of $500,000 in the form of a senior secured convertible promissory note (the Buyers Note, and together the [***] Note, the Notes) in light of Targets payment obligations including CDTFA payments for which time is of the essence. The Note shall be for a term of 60 days during which the Parties intend to negotiate and enter into an Amended and Restated senior secured convertible note that shall contain certain affirmative covenants as noted below.

The Buyers Note shall include covenants as defined below in Performance-Based Milestone Requirements which if not achieved shall constitute events of default on the Buyers Note. Given the working capital payment made via the Buyers Note, Target acknowledges the effectiveness of the Performance-Based Milestone requirements detailed below and shall work towards their achievement as of the Effective Date. 

2

Performance-Based Milestone Requirements 

To align the interests of the executive team with the long-term financial and operational success of the Target, Buyers obligation to pay and deliver the Performance-Based tranche shall be tied to the achievement of specific performance milestones as outlined below. These milestones are designed to drive operational efficiency and profitability in accordance with the annexed financial projections for 2025.

1. Expense Reduction Milestone Targets

a. Payroll, Payroll-Associated Expenses, and Employee Benefits:

o By March 2025: Reduced to 20% of monthly revenue.

o By June 2025: Reduced to 17% of monthly revenue.

o By September 2025: Reduced to 15% of monthly revenue.

o By November 2025: Reduced to 13% of monthly revenue.

b. Professional and Consulting Fees:

o By March 2025: Not to exceed 1% of monthly revenue.

o By June 2025: Reduced to 0.7% of monthly revenue.

c. Contracted Labor:

o By March 2025: Not to exceed 4% of monthly revenue.

o By June 2025: Reduced to 3% of monthly revenue.

d. Total Labor Costs:

o Total combined labor costs (payroll, payroll-associated expenses, employee benefits, and contracted labor) must not exceed:

24% of monthly revenue by March 2025.

20% of monthly revenue by June 2025.

18% of monthly revenue by September 2025.

16% of monthly revenue by November 2025.

e. Positive EBITDA and Net Income Goals:

o By March 2025, achieve a positive EBITDA and October 2025, achieve a net income through the outlined cost management and operational efficiency measures.

2. Performance-Based Tranche Adjustments

Baseline Revenue Alignment: Targets are tied to a baseline monthly revenue of $1,141,423 as outlined in the 2025 financial forecast. Actual targets will be dynamically adjusted in proportion to actual revenue achieved.

3

Performance Reporting: The executive team must provide monthly updates on milestone progress, along with explanations for any variances from the targets.

Adjustments to Milestones: Performance will be assessed based on adherence to the targets listed above, with adjustments made as mutually agreed upon to reflect actual revenue and market conditions.

Performance-Based Tranche Reductions: Failure to meet the above milestones by their respective deadlines will result in a proportional reduction in the performance related Cash Consideration.

3. Monitoring and Accountability

A supplementary annex (Annex A) provides illustrative dollar amounts corresponding to these percentages for clarity. The executive team will report monthly to ensure transparency and accountability.

Economic metrics shall be determined by Blm management.

Control of Purchased Interests: 

Upon the Closing of the Transaction, Blm Acquisition Co. shall exercise ownership and/or management control of Target via a Management Services Agreement or similarly situated document with terms as mutually agreed between the Parties. The Parties will work collectively with the change management team (the CMT) established by Buyer and/or Blm Acquisition Co. to consolidate operations and provide for continuity among the teams.

Survival; Indemnification; Right of Offset: 

Representations and warranties of the Parties will survive for twelve (12) months following the Closing of the Transaction (the Survival Period). Target will be required to, severally and not jointly, indemnify Buyer and Blm Acquisition Co. and other customary indemnified parties against losses related to breaches of representations, warranties, covenants (including the failure to transfer control and/or ownership of Target license(s) to the reasonable satisfaction of Buyer and Blm Acquisition Co., fraud and other specified indemnities (if any). Indemnification claims will be subject to standard dispute procedures, including referral to arbitration.

Closing: 

The closing of the transactions contemplated herein (the Closing) shall take place as soon as practicable but no later than February 28, 2025 subject to reasonable extensions as agreed between the Parties.

Definitive Documents shall include as a post-closing condition that Target complete an AICPA audit, such audit to be paid for by Sellers.

From the date hereof until the earlier to occur of execution of the Definitive Documents by all Parties or the termination of this LOI, each of the Parties agrees to operate in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices. Target agrees to provide monthly Financial Statements or other documents as reasonably requested by Buyer. The Consideration described above is subject to change to account for material changes to the Targets debt or liabilities at Closing from what is noted above.

4

Contingencies 

The consummation of this Transaction is contingent upon the following conditions being satisfied:

1. Completion of customary conditions outlined in the Definitive Documents, including necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals, and the absence of any material adverse change affecting the Target.

If these conditions are not satisfied or waived in writing by the Parties, the Transaction may be renegotiated or terminated.

Definitive Documents: 

Upon execution of this LOI, Buyer will instruct its legal counsel to prepare and circulate, and the Parties will negotiate in good faith, the terms of the Definitive Documents, which Definitive Documents shall contain fundamental and other standard representations and warranties, standard covenants, indemnification, and other provisions appropriate for a Transaction of the type contemplated herein.

Expenses: 

Except as set forth herein, each Party shall pay their own transaction expenses, including the fees and expenses of legal counsel and other advisors incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this LOI. Fees of the escrow agent shall be split pro rata amongst the Parties in accordance with their resulting ownership interests.

Authorization: 

Each Party represents and warrants that it has received independent legal advice from attorneys of its own choosing with respect to the legal effect of this LOI, and further represents and warrants that it has carefully reviewed this entire LOI. Each Party represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to enter into this LOI and to consummate and perform the Transaction contemplated hereby.

Confidentiality: 

Each Party covenants and agrees that such Party shall keep secret and retain in strictest confidence, and shall not at any time or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, divulge, copy, communicate, furnish, make available, or disclose any Confidential Information (as defined herein) received by it in connection with this LOI to any third party or use any such Confidential Information for the benefit of himself, itself, or any third-party, except as required by applicable law.

As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any information relating to the other Party, or the business of the other Party; provided, however, that the term Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is now, or hereafter becomes, through no wrongful act or failure to act on the part of the receiving party, generally known or available; (b) is known by the receiving party at the time of receiving such information as evidenced by its records; (c) is hereafter furnished to the receiving party by a third party, as a matter of right and without restriction on disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of any of the disclosing partys Confidential Information; or (e) is authorized to be disclosed by the prior written consent of the disclosing party. The Parties acknowledge that Confidential Information is vital, sensitive, confidential, and proprietary to the other Parties and their business. The warranties, covenants, and agreements set forth in this section shall not expire for any reason and shall survive the expiration or termination of this LOI. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party may provide or disclose confidential information to advisors, legal counsel, accountants, and actual or prospective investors or lenders (Authorized Parties) so long as the Party disclosing such information obtains consent and agreement from such Authorized Parties to be bound (or such Authorized Persons are otherwise contractually or ethically bound) by the terms of this paragraph.

5

Governing Law; Attorneys Fees 

This LOI shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, California law without giving effect to any principle of law that would require application of the law of another jurisdiction.

If any action in law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this LOI, the prevailing Party (as determined by the judge or arbitrator) shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and costs in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing Party may be entitled.

Assignment: 

No Party may assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations under this LOI without the prior written consent of the other Party. This LOI will apply to, and inure to the benefit of, the successors and permitted assigns of the Parties.

Amendments: 

This LOI may be amended only by a written instrument executed by the Parties.

Term: 

Unless otherwise extended by the written approval of the Parties, this LOI shall automatically terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) midnight local time in Los Angeles, California on June 30, 2025 or (ii) the date on which the mutually agreed and duly authorized Definitive Documents have been executed by all Parties, whichever occurs first (the Termination Date). If the LOI terminates as a result of the Definitive Documents not having been executed prior to the Termination Date, none of the Parties shall have any obligation or liability to the other Parties except to the extent that, prior to the Termination Date, a Party has breached the provisions under the sections entitled Expenses and Confidentiality, which shall survive any such termination.

Exclusivity Period: 

From the Effective Date until the earlier of (a) the execution of the Definitive Documents or (b) termination of this LOI as described herein, or such other date as may be agreed to in writing by the Parties: (i) Target will deal exclusively and in good faith with Buyer relating to the Transaction prior to entering into the Definitive Documents, (ii) Target and its respective directors, officers, employees, and financial, legal or other advisors (collectively, the Representatives) will immediately cease all existing discussions and negotiations, if any, with any other party in respect of any transaction involving any merger or other business combination or takeover bid involving Target, as applicable, or any other transaction where the consummation of which would or could reasonably be expected to interfere with or prevent the Transaction between Buyer and Target or materially reduce the benefit thereof to Buyer (collectively, an Alternative Transaction), and (iii) neither Target nor its representatives will solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage initiation of, or entertain a proposal or offer from, conduct discussions with, or provide any information to, any third party relating to an Alternative Transaction.

Buyer and Target agree that the rights and remedies for non-compliance with this exclusivity provision shall include having such provision specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to Buyer and that money damages alone would not provide an adequate remedy to Buyer. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are waived by the parties.

Entire Agreement: 

This LOI supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, representations or understandings, whether written, oral, or implied, between or among any of the Parties regarding the subject matter described herein.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this LOI as of the Effective Date.

SELLER:

[***]

By: _________________________

Name:

Its:

BUYER:

BLUM HOLDINGS, INC.

By: _________________________

Name: Sabas Carrillo

Its: Chief Executive Officer

TARGET:

[***]

By: _________________________

Name: 

Its: 

[Signature Page to Binding Letter of Intent]

Schedules to Exhibit 10.1 have been omitted under Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) and listed below:

Annex A: Performance-Based Milestones for Executive Team
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_774717.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025
<TEXT>
ex_774717.htm

Exhibit 10.2

Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it both (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. Information that has been omitted from the exhibit are indicated with brackets.

Execution Version 

THE SECURITIES REFERENCED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.

SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Five-Hundred-Thousand Dollars ($500,000) 

January 31, 2025

California, United States

For value received, [***], a California corporation (the Company), promises to pay to Blum Management Holdings, Inc. (including its permitted assigns and successors, the Holder), the principal sum of Five-Hundred-Thousand Dollars ($500,000). Interest shall accrue from the date of this Secured Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) on the unpaid principal amount at a rate equal to 8% per annum, computed as simple interest on the basis of a year of 365 days (the Interest Rate). This Note is subject to the following terms and conditions.

1.Basic Terms.

(a)Maturity. While this Note is outstanding, principal and any accrued but unpaid interest under this Note shall be due and payable (subject to Section 2(b)) upon demand of the Holder at any time on or after March 31, 2025 (the Maturity Date). Subject to Section 2 and 3 below, interest shall accrue on this Note and shall be due and payable with each installment of principal.

(b)Event of Default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal sum of this Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon (collectively, the principal and such interest, the Purchase Amount), shall become immediately due and payable (each such event, an Event of Default):

(i) upon demand of the Holder, in the event of any of the following: (1) failure to pay any accrued but unpaid interest or principal under the Note when due and payable; (2) any material breach by the Company of the terms (including the representations and warranties) of this Note or the Security Agreement (as defined below) and the failure to cure such material breach within 30 days of the receipt of written notice of such breach from the Holder if such breach is capable of cure; (3) any default by the Company under any other material indebtedness and the failure to cure such default within 10 days of the receipt of written notice of the default; (4) the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Company; or (5) any material breach by the Company of the Affirmative Covenants; or

(ii) automatically, in the event of the filing by or against the Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the federal bankruptcy code or the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period of 60 days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of the Company, or the Company makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or takes any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing, or fails to generally pay its debts as they become due.

For purposes herein, Affirmative Covenants shall include the following:

a. Expense Reduction; Payroll, Payroll-Associated Expenses, and Employee Benefits (collectively Payroll Expenses):

o 

By March 2025 the Company shall reduce Payroll Expenses to 20% of monthly revenue.

o 

By June 2025 the Company shall reduce Payroll Expenses to 17% of monthly revenue..

o 

By September 2025 the Company shall reduce Payroll Expenses to 15% of monthly revenue.

o 

By November 2025 the Company shall reduce Payroll Expenses to 13% of monthly revenue.

b. Expense Reduction; Professional and Consulting Fees (Professional and Consulting Fees):

o 

By March 2025 Professional and Consulting Fees of the Company shall not to exceed 1% of monthly revenue.

o 

By June 2025 the Company shall reduce Professional and Consulting Fees to 0.7% of monthly revenue.

c. Expense Reduction; Contracted Labor (Contracted Labor):

o 

By March 2025 Contracted Labor expenses of the Company shall not exceed 4% of monthly revenue.

o 

By June 2025 the Company shall reduce Contract Labor expenses to 3% of monthly revenue.

d. Expense Reduction; Total Labor Costs:

o 

Total combined labor costs (payroll, payroll-associated expenses, employee benefits, and contracted labor) must not exceed:

24% of monthly revenue by March 2025.

20% of monthly revenue by June 2025.

18% of monthly revenue by September 2025.

16% of monthly revenue by November 2025.

e. Positive EBITDA and Net Income:

o 

By March 2025, the Company shall achieve a positive EBITDA and October 2025, achieve a net income through the outlined cost management and operational efficiency measures.

Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default as set forth in this Section 1(b), the Interest Rate shall automatically adjust as of the date of such Event of Default, through and until the cure of such Event of Default or otherwise payment in full of the Purchase Amount, at the rate equal to 10% per annum, computed as simple interest on the basis of a year of 365 days.

-2-

(c)Securities. The Note and the equity securities issuable upon conversion thereof are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

(d)Payment; Prepayment. All payments shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America at such place as the Holder hereof may from time to time designate in writing to the Company. Payment shall be credited first to costs and expenses under Section 7, if any, then to the accrued interest then due and payable, and the remainder shall be applied to principal. The Company may prepay this Note at any time with the written consent of the Holder, provided that the Company shall also pay all interest calculated to the Maturity Date, as well.

(e)Security Interest. The indebtedness represented by this Note shall be secured by all assets of the Company in accordance with a UCC-1 financing statement pursuant to the Security Agreement.

2.Conversion.

(a)Conversion at Payees Election. $500,000 of the unpaid principal under this Note, plus accrued interest and accelerated interest, is, at the Holders election, convertible at any time into the Class A and/or Class B shares of the Company based on a Company valuation of $2,000,000 subject to decrease pursuant to Performance-Based Tranche Reductions as defined in that certain Binding Letter of Intent dated of even date herewith.

(b)Mechanics and Effect of Conversion. Upon conversion of this Note pursuant to this Section, the Company will, at its own expense and as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to the Holder, at the address of the Holder most recently furnished in writing to the Company, a certificate or certificates or evidence of book entries in the records of the Company for the shares to which the Holder is entitled upon such conversion.

(c)No Dilution or Impairment. The Company covenants that it will not, by voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but it will at all times in good faith assist in carrying out all those terms and take all action necessary or appropriate or protect the rights of the Holder against dilution or other impairment.

3.Mechanics and Effect of Conversion. In connection with any conversion of this Note, the Holder shall surrender this Note, duly endorsed, to the Company or any transfer agent of the Company, and shall deliver to the Company any other documentation reasonably required by the Company in connection with such conversion (including, in the event of a conversion of this Note into capital stock, the applicable transaction documents). The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver the capital stock or other property into which this Note may convert until the Holder has surrendered this Note to the Company and delivered to the Company such documentation. Upon conversion of this Note, the Company will be forever released from all of its obligations and liabilities under this Note with regard to that portion of the principal amount and accrued interest being converted including without limitation the obligation to pay such portion of the principal amount and accrued interest.

-3-

4.Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or Security Agreement (the Loan Documents), the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate). If the Holder shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied first to costs and expenses under Section 7, if any, then to the principal remaining owed under this Note or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Holder exceeds the Maximum Rate, the Holder may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of this Note.

5.Action to Collect on Note. If action is instituted to collect on this Note, the Company promises to pay all of the Holders costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection with such action.

6.Loss of Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note or any Note exchanged for it, and indemnity satisfactory to the Company (in case of loss, theft or destruction) or surrender and cancellation of such Note (in the case of mutilation), the Company will make and deliver in lieu of such Note a new Note of like tenor.

7.No Fractional Shares. Upon the conversion of a Note into Shadow Preferred Stock, in lieu of any fractional shares to which the holder of the Note would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay the holder of this Note cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price.

8.Miscellaneous.

(a)Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Note, and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the Company and Holder shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

(b)Entire Agreement. This Note, the Security Agreement, and the documents referred to therein, constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Holder relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous discussions, understandings and agreements, whether oral or written between them relating to the subject matter hereof.

(c)Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Note may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (i) reduce the principal amount of this Note without the Holders written consent, or (ii) reduce the rate of interest of this Note without the Holders written consent. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9(c) shall be binding upon the Company, the Holder and each transferee of any Note.

-4-

(d)Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the Company and the Holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not assign its obligations under this Note without the written consent of the Holder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Note may be transferred only upon surrender of the original Note for registration of transfer, duly endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company. Thereupon, a new note for the same principal amount and interest will be issued to, and registered in the name of, the transferee. Interest and principal are payable only to the registered holder of this Note.

(e)Notices. Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given under this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by electronic mail or facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day, (c) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt shall be in writing, or (d) 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such partys address as set forth on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice, or if no address is specified on the signature page, at the most recent address set forth in the Companys books and records.

(f)Counterparts. This Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

-5-

Execution Version 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Convertible Promissory Note as of the date first set forth above.

THE COMPANY:

[***]

By: [***]

By:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email:

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

THE HOLDER:

By:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_774718.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025
<TEXT>
ex_774718.htm

Exhibit 10.3

Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it both (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. Information that has been omitted from the exhibit are indicated with brackets.

Execution Version

SECURITY AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 31, 2025, is entered into between Blum Management Holdings, Inc., a California corporation ("Secured Party"), and [***], a California corporation ("Debtor").

The parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. In addition to the definitions contained in the first paragraph of this Agreement, the following terms as used in this Agreement shall have the following definitions:

1.1 The term "this Agreement" means this Security Agreement and any extensions, supplements, amendments, or modifications to this Security Agreement.

1.2 The term "the Code" means the California Uniform Commercial Code, and any and all terms used in this Agreement which are defined in the Code shall be construed and defined in accordance with the meaning and definition ascribed to such terms under the Code.

1.3 The term "Collateral" means the assets of Debtor listed on Exhibit A attached hereto.

1.4 The term "Event of Default" means the occurrence of any one of the events set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement.

1.5 The term "Judicial Officer or Assignee" means any trustee, receiver, controller, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or any other person or entity having powers or duties like or similar to the powers and duties of a trustee, receiver, controller, custodian or assignee for the benefit of creditors.

1.6 The term "Note" means that certain Convertible Secured Promissory Note, of even date herewith, in the original principal amount of Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000), executed by Debtor to the order of Secured Party, and any amendments, restatements and modifications thereof.

1.7 The term "Obligations" means the loan evidenced by the Note, including, without limitation, all principal and interest.

2. CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST. Debtor hereby grants to Secured Party a security interest in all presently existing and hereafter acquired or arising Collateral in order to secure prompt repayment of any and all Obligations owed by Debtor to Secured Party.

3. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default by Debtor under this Agreement:

3.1 If Debtor fails to pay when due and payable or when declared due and payable, all or any portion of the Obligations owing to Secured Party or there occurs any Event of Default under the Note or any related documents;

3.2 If any material representation, statement, report, or certificate made or delivered by Debtor, or any of its officers, employees or agents, to Secured Party is not true and correct;

1

3.3 If all or any of Debtor's assets are attached, seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or are levied upon, or come into the possession of any Judicial Officer or Assignee;

3.4 If Debtor is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by court order from continuing to conduct all or any material part of its business affairs;

4. SECURED PARTY'S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

4.1 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default by Debtor under this Agreement, Secured Party may, at its election, without notice of its election and without demand, do any one or more of the following, all of which are authorized by Debtor:

(a) Declare all Obligations immediately due and payable;

(b) Exercise all rights and remedies of a secured creditor under the Code.

4.2 Secured Party's rights and remedies under this Agreement and all other agreements shall be cumulative. Secured Party shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided by law or in equity. No exercise by Secured Party of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Secured Party of any default on Debtor's part shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Secured Party shall constitute a waiver, election or acquiescence by it.

5. NOTICES. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices or demands by any party relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and either personally served or sent in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the Note.

6. GOVERNING LAW; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. This Agreement and the provisions hereof are to be construed according to and are governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Debtor agrees that the California State Court located in the County of Los Angeles, State of California shall have exclusive jurisdiction in connection with any dispute concerning or arising out of this Agreement or otherwise relating to the parties' relationship. In any action, lawsuit or proceeding brought to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Agreement and/or arising out of or relating to any dispute between the parties, Secured Party shall be entitled to recover all of its costs and expenses relating collection and enforcement of this Agreement (including without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and disbursements) in addition to any other relief to which Secured Party may be entitled and all costs of collection, including any legal fees associated with this Agreement will be paid by Debtor. Each party agrees that any process or notice to be served or delivered in connection with any action, lawsuit or proceeding brought hereunder may be accomplished in accordance with the notice provisions set forth above or as otherwise provided by applicable law.

DEBTOR HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANYWAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

7. GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1 This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties; provided, however, that Debtor may not assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder without Secured Party's prior written consent and any prohibited assignment shall be absolutely void. No consent to an assignment by Secured Party shall release Debtor from its Obligations to Secured Party. Secured Party may assign this Agreement and its rights and duties hereunder.

2

7.2 Section headings and section numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained in each section applies equally to this entire Agreement.

7.3 Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against Secured Party or Debtor, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto.

7.4 Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.

7.5 This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated orally. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties and negotiations, if any, are merged into this Agreement.

7.6 In the event either party hereto shall institute an action to enforce or interpret any rights hereunder, the prevailing party therein shall be entitled, in addition to any other relief which may be awarded, to reasonable attorneys, fees and litigation expenses.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first hereinabove written.

[***]

By: [***]

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

Email:

4

EXHIBIT A

Description of Collateral

The collateral consists of all of Debtors right, title and interest in and to the following personal property:

All assets of Debtor, including without limitation, all personal property, and all goods, accounts, equipment, inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, general intangibles, any commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and

All of Debtors books and records relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_774715.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED FEBRUARY 4, 2025.
<TEXT>
ex_774715.htm

Exhibit 99.1

Blm Holdings Moves Forward with Binding LOI for Key Acquisition

DOWNEY, Calif., Feb. 04, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Blum Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: BLMH) (the Company, Blm, Blm Holdings, we or us), a California-based publicly traded holding company and cannabis operator, today announced that it has entered into a Binding Letter of Intent (LOI) to acquire a premier Northern California dispensary (Target). This follows the previously announced Non-Binding Letter of Intent disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 15, 2025.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Target generated approximately $18.0 million in annual gross revenue and approximately $13.0 million in net revenue. These revenue figures have not been audited and remain subject to adjustment.

Pursuant to the terms of the LOI, a wholly own subsidiary of Blm will acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding stock of the Target for a total purchase price of $2.0 million structured as a combination of cash and equity, and subject to a performance-based bonus award.

Concurrently with the parties execution of the LOI, Blm entered into a senior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $500,000 (the Note). The Note includes performance-based milestone requirements. The Note carries interest at a rate of 8% per annum and matures on March 31, 2025. The Note may be converted into shares of the Target and is currently expected to be either converted into equity of the Target or have its maturity date extended, subject to completion of due diligence and final negotiations as the case may be. The LOI and Note include structured operational targets, such as operating expense reductions and EBITDA improvements, to align incentives and drive sustainable growth.

No assurances can be made that the Company will successfully negotiate and enter into definitive agreements for the transactions contemplated by the LOI (the Transaction) or that the Company will be successful in completing the Transaction.

This agreement is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team and shareholders over the past two years as we continue executing on our turnaround strategy and enter a new era of growth. The progress we have made would not have been possible without the trust and support of our employees, corporate team, partners, and shareholders, and for that, I am incredibly grateful. Their belief in our vision has allowed us to take bold but disciplined steps which we believe will stabilize and grow our business. We expect this Transaction to represent a significant and meaningful milestone in our journey, and we remain committed to driving durable value for our team, shareholders, partners, and customers, said Sabas Carrillo, CEO of Blm Holdings.

Beyond acquiring a dispensary with strong gross and net revenues, we are equally excited to welcome such a hardworking and dedicated team to Blm. Their experience, resilience, and commitment to excellence align well with our culture, and we look forward to working alongside them to build something truly special together while integrating their operations into our expanding platform, Sabas added.

That said, jobs not finished. We still have work ahead of us to successfully close this Transactionwork that must be done during a particularly turbulent time in both the cannabis industry and the broader political climate. While challenges remain, I have confidence in our teams ability to navigate this moment with the same determination and discipline that have brought us this far, concluded Sabas.

About Blm Holdings

Blm Holdings is a leader in the cannabis sector. Our commitment to quality, innovation, and customer service makes us a trusted name in the cannabis industry, dedicated to shaping its future. Blm Holdings, through its subsidiaries, operates leading dispensaries throughout California as well as several leading company-owned brands including Korova, known for its high potency products across multiple product categories, including the legendary 1000 mg THC Black Bar. As both a holding company and a marketing platform, Blm aims to leverage its growing ecosystem to accelerate customer and retail investor acquisition, increase brand awareness, and create value across its portfolio.

For more info, please visit: https://blumholdings.com.

Follow us on Instagram @blumholdings

Contact:

Jason Assad

LR Advisors LLC.

jassad@blumholdings.com

678-570-6791

Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this communication regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, known as the PSLRA. These include statements regarding management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or forecasts for the future, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. The Company uses words such as anticipates, believes, plans, expects, projects, future, intends, may, will, should, could, estimates, predicts, potential, continue, guidance, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements that are intended to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions of the PSLRA. Such forward-looking statements are based on the Companys expectations and involve risks and uncertainties; consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements due to a number of factors.

New factors emerge from time-to-time and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors, nor can the Company assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such risks may include, among other things, the risk that the Company will not achieve the anticipated benefits of Transaction, such as the stabilization and growth of the Companys business; the risk that we may not be able to execute our growth strategies; the risk that we may not successfully negotiate and enter into definitive agreements for the Transaction; and the risk that even if we are able to negotiate and enter into definitive agreements, the Transaction may not be completed. Additional risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents filed from time to time with the SEC. Forward-looking statements included in this release are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>blmh-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>blmh-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>blmh-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>blmh-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Jan. 31, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name BLUM HOLDINGS, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 000-56626

Entity, Tax Identification Number 93-3735199

Entity, Address, Address Line One 11516 Downey Ave.

Entity, Address, City or Town Downey

Entity, Address, State or Province CA

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 90241

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 909-5564

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001996210

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.blmh.com/20250131/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

blmh-20250131.xsd 
blmh-20250131_def.xml 
blmh-20250131_lab.xml 
blmh-20250131_pre.xml 
blmh20250203_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-002767-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>blmh20250203_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001996210 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

false 
0001996210 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
BLUM HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
000-56626 
93-3735199 
11516 Downey Ave. 
Downey 
CA 
90241 
888 
909-5564 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>