<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001579877-25-000004.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001579877-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117161019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001579877-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OUTFRONT Media Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36367
		FILM NUMBER:		25538769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-297-6400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBS OUTDOOR AMERICAS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130621
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>out-20250117.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?out-20250117

000157987712/31FALSE00015798772025-01-172025-01-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

__________________________

FORM 8-K

__________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2025

_________________________

OUTFRONT Media Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

__________________________

Maryland 

001-36367 

46-4494703

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

90 Park Avenue, 9th Floor 

New York, 

New York 

10016

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212) 297-6400

__________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01, par value 

OUT 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03 Material Modification to the Rights of Security Holders.

To the extent required by Item 3.03 of Form 8-K, the information contained in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

OUTFRONT Media Inc. (the Company) filed Articles of Amendment to its charter (as amended, the Charter), effective at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on January 17, 2025, to effectuate the Company's previously announced 1-for-1.024549 reverse stock split on the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock), such that every holder of Common Stock will receive one share of Common Stock for every 1.024549 shares of Common Stock held by such holder. Cash will be paid in lieu of fractional shares, calculated using the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) during the period beginning on January 14, 2025 and ending on January 16, 2025. The Companys authorized shares of Common Stock and par value of each share of Common Stock remain unchanged.

The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Charter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Trading in the Companys Common Stock on a split-adjusted basis commenced at the market open on January 17, 2025. The Companys Common Stock will continue trading on the NYSE under the symbol OUT but under a new CUSIP number 69007J-304.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed herewith:

Exhibit

Number 

Description

3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of OUTFRONT Media Inc. effective March 28, 2014, as amended by the Articles of Amendment of OUTFRONT Media Inc. effective November 20, 2014, June 10, 2019 and January 17, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

Number 

Description

3.1 

Articles of Amendment and Restatement of OUTFRONT Media Inc. effective March 28, 2014, as amended by the Articles of Amendment of OUTFRONT Media Inc. effective November 20, 2014, June 10, 2019 and January 17, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

OUTFRONT MEDIA INC.

By: /s/ Matthew Siegel

Name: 

Matthew Siegel

Title: 

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 17, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>outfrontmediainc-articleso.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.1

OUTFRONT MEDIA INC.

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT

OUTFRONT Media Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that:

FIRST: The charter of the Corporation is hereby amended to provide that, immediately upon the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time (as defined below), every 1.024549 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), of the Corporation that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time shall be combined into one issued and outstanding share of Common Stock, par value $0.01024549per share. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon such amendment and each stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional share shall be entitled to receive in lieu thereof cash in an amount equal to the product of the fraction of a share the stockholder would otherwise be entitled to receive multiplied by 1.024549 times the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange during the period beginning January 14, 2025 and ending January 16, 2025.

SECOND: The amendment to the Charter as set forth in Article FIRST has been duly approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law. The amendment set forth in Article FIRST is made without action by the stockholders of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 2-309(e) of the Maryland General Corporation Law.

THIRD: The charter of the Corporation is hereby amended, effective immediately after the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time, to decrease the par value of the shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding immediately after the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time from $0.01024549per share to $0.01 per share.

FOURTH: The amendment to the charter of the Corporation as set forth in Article THIRD above has been duly approved by a majority ofthe entire Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by law. The amendment set forth in Article THIRD above is limited to a change expressly authorized by Section 2-605(a)(2) of the Maryland General Corporation Law to be made without action by the stockholders of the Corporation. 

FIFTH: There has been no increase in the authorized stock of the Corporation effected by the amendments to the charter of the Corporation as set forth above.

SIXTH: These Articles of Amendment shall become effective at 9:00 a.m. on January 17, 2025 (the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time).

The undersigned officer acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Corporation and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its Executive Vice President and General Counsel and attested to by its Corporate Secretary on this 15th day of January 2025. 

ATTEST: OUTFRONT MEDIA INC.

/s/ Louis J. Capocasale By: /s/ Richard H. Sauer 

Louis J. Capocasale Richard H. Sauer

Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President and General 

Counsel

OUTFRONT MEDIA INC.

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT

OUTFRONT Media Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that:

FIRST: The charter of the Corporation (the Charter) is hereby amended by deleting therefrom in its entirety Section 5.1 of Article V and inserting in lieu thereof new Section 5.1 of Article V to read as follows: 

Section 5.1 Number of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation initially shall be seven, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL. At the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held in 2020, each of the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2020 shall be elected to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held in 2022 and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. At the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held in 2021, each of the successors to the class of directors whose terms expire at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2021 shall be elected to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held in 2022 and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Beginning with the annual meeting of stockholders in 2022, all directors shall be elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualify. The directors may fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, on the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

The Corporation elects, effective at such time as it becomes eligible under Section 3-802 of the MGCL to make the election provided for under Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of stock, any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

SECOND: The Charter is hereby amended by deleting therefrom in its entirety Section 5.2 of Article V and inserting in lieu thereof new Section 5.2 of Article V to read as follows: 

Section 5.2 Extraordinary Actions. Notwithstanding any provision of law requiring any action to be approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

THIRD: The Charter is hereby amended by deleting therefrom in its entirety Section 5.8 of Article V and inserting in lieu thereof new Section 5.8 of Article V to read as follows: 

Section 5.8 Removal of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of shares of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock (as defined below) to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. For the purpose of this paragraph, cause shall mean, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to the Corporation through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty.

FOURTH: The Charter is hereby amended by deleting therefrom in its entirety Article VIII and inserting in lieu thereof new Article VIII to read as follows: 

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by specific provision in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

FIFTH: The Charter is hereby amended by deleting therefrom in its entirety Article X (CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST). 

SIXTH: The amendments to the Charter as set forth above have been duly advised by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law.

SEVENTH: There has been no increase in the authorized shares of stock of the Corporation effected by the amendments to the Charter as set forth above.

EIGHTH: The number of directors of the Corporation is currently seven, and the names of the current directors are as follows:

Jeremy J. Male (class expiring 2020)

Joseph H. Wender (class expiring 2020)

Manuel A. Diaz (class expiring 2021)

Peter Mathes (class expiring 2021)

Susan M. Tolson (class expiring 2021)

Nicolas Brien (class expiring 2022)

Angela Courtin (class expiring 2022)

NINTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its Executive Vice President and General Counsel and attested by its Corporate Secretary on this 10th day of June, 2019. 

ATTEST: OUTFRONT MEDIA INC.

/s/ Louis J. Capocasale By: /s/ Richard H. Sauer 

Louis J. Capocasale Richard H. Sauer

Corporate Secretary Executive Vice President and General 

Counsel

CBS OUTDOOR AMERICAS INC.

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT

CBS Outdoor Americas Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that:

FIRST: Article SECOND of the charter of the Company (the Charter) is hereby amended to change the name of the Company to:

OUTFRONT Media Inc.

SECOND: The foregoing amendment to the Charter was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company and was limited to a change expressly authorized by Section 2-605(a)(1) of the Maryland General Corporation Law without action by the stockholders.

THIRD: These Articles of Amendment shall become effective at 12:01 a.m. on November 20, 2014.

FOURTH: The undersigned officer of the Company acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the Company and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned officer acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under penalties of perjury.

-Signature Page Follows-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused these Articles of Amendment to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and attested by its Assistant Secretary this 19th day of November, 2014.

ATTEST: CBS OUTDOOR AMERICAS INC.

/s/ Lisa M. Tanzi /s/ Richard H. Sauer 

Lisa M. Tanzi Richard H. Sauer

Assistant Secretary Executive Vice President,

General Counsel and Secretary

CBS OUTDOOR AMERICAS INC.

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

FIRST: CBS Outdoor Americas Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation), desires to amend and restate its charter as currently in effect and as hereinafter amended.

SECOND: The following provisions are all the provisions of the charter currently in effect and as hereinafter amended:

ARTICLE I

INCORPORATOR

Jeffrey M. Keehn, whose address is c/o Venable LLP, 750 E. Pratt Street, Suite 900, Baltimore, Maryland 21202, being at least 18 years of age, formed a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland on December 30, 2013.

ARTICLE II

NAME

The name of the corporation (the Corporation) is: CBS Outdoor Americas Inc.

ARTICLE III

PURPOSE

The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity (including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute (the Code)) for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force. For purposes of the charter of the Corporation (as the term charter is defined in the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time (the MGCL), the Charter), the term REIT means a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code or any successor provisions.

ARTICLE IV

PRINCIPAL OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT

The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is c/o CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company, 7 St. Paul Street, Suite 1660, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. The name and address of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland are CSC-Lawyers Incorporating Service Company, 7 St. Paul Street, Suite 1660, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. The resident agent is a Maryland corporation.

ARTICLE V

PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING

AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE

CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS

Section 5.1 Number and Classification of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation initially shall be seven, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant to the Bylaws of the Corporation (the 

Bylaws), but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL. The directors shall be classified, with respect to the terms for which they severally hold office, into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible. The Class I directors shall be Anthony G. Ambrosio, Peter Mathes and Lawrence P. Tu; the Class II directors shall be Joseph R. Ianniello and Leslie Moonves; and the Class III directors shall be Jeremy J. Male and Joseph H. Wender. The Class I directors shall serve for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders first occurring after the date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement; the Class II directors shall serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of stockholders occurring after the date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement; and the Class III directors shall serve for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders occurring after the date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successor or successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting shall be elected in accordance with the Bylaws, and shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. The directors elected to each class shall hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualify, or until their earlier death, disqualification, removal or resignation. The directors may fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, on the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Bylaws.

The Corporation elects, effective at such time as it becomes eligible under Section 3-802 of the MGCL to make the election provided for under Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of stock, any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies.

Section 5.2 Extraordinary Actions. Except as specifically provided in Section 5.8 (relating to removal of directors) and in the last sentence of Article VIII, notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Section 5.3 Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Charter or the Bylaws.

Section 5.4 Preemptive and Appraisal Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 6.4 or as may otherwise be provided by a contract approved by the Board of Directors, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell. Holders of shares of stock shall not be entitled to exercise any rights of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor statute unless the Board of Directors, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, shall determine that such rights apply, with respect to shares of any or all classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Corporation is subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, holders of shares of stock shall be entitled to 

exercise rights of an objecting stockholder under Section 3-708(a) of the MGCL unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws.

Section 5.5 Indemnification. The Corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to obligate itself to indemnify, and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, manager or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity. The Corporation may, with the approval of the Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation.

Section 5.6 Determinations by Board. The determination as to any of the following matters, made by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock: the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, acquisition of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock; the amount of paidin surplus, net assets, other surplus, cash flow, funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged); any interpretation or resolution of any ambiguity with respect to any provision of the Charter (including any of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation) or of the Bylaws; the number of shares of stock of any class or series of the Corporation; the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation; any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Corporation; any interpretation of the terms and conditions of one or more agreements with any person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other organization; or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.7 REIT Qualification. If the Corporation elects to qualify for U.S. federal income tax treatment as a REIT, the Board of Directors shall take such actions as it determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of the Corporation as a REIT; however, if the Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT, the Board of Directors may revoke or otherwise terminate the Corporations REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code. The Board of Directors also may determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on stock ownership and transfers set forth in Article VII is no longer required.

Section 5.8 Removal of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of shares of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock (as defined below) to elect or remove one or more directors, at or after the time when CBS Corporation (as defined in Section 10.2 below) no longer beneficially owns a majority or more of shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Trigger Date), any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be 

cast generally in the election of directors. Prior to the Trigger Date, subject to the rights of holders of shares of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, but only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. For the purpose of this paragraph, cause shall mean, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to the Corporation through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty. 

ARTICLE VI

STOCK

Section 6.1 Authorized Shares. The Corporation has authority to issue 500,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 450,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share (Common Stock), and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share (Preferred Stock). The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $5,000,000. If shares of one class of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of stock in accordance with this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. The Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire Board and without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Corporation has authority to issue.

Section 6.2 Common Stock. Subject to the provisions of Article VII and except as may otherwise be specified in the Charter, each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. The Board of Directors may reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock.

Section 6.3 Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors may classify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any series from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock. 

Section 6.4 Classified or Reclassified Shares. Prior to the issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series of stock, the Board of Directors by resolution shall: (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation; (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series; (c) set or change, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers (including any exclusive voting rights), restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series; and (d) cause the Corporation to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland. Any of the terms of any class or series of stock set or changed pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.4 may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board of Directors or other facts or events within the control of the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary or other Charter document.

Section 6.5 Stockholders Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Common Stock entitled to vote generally 

in the election of directors may be taken without a meeting by consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, in any manner and by any vote permitted by the MGCL and set forth in the Bylaws. 

Section 6.6 Charter and Bylaws. The rights of all stockholders and the terms of all shares of stock of the Corporation are subject to the provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws.

Section 6.7 Distributions. The Board of Directors from time to time may authorize the Corporation to declare and pay to stockholders such dividends or other distributions in cash or other assets of the Corporation or in securities of the Corporation, including in shares of one class or series of the Corporations stock payable to holders of shares of another class or series of stock of the Corporation, or from any other source as the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion shall determine. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares of the Corporations stock at the time outstanding.

ARTICLE VII

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES OF STOCK

Section 7.1 Definitions. For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit. The term Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 percent in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter. The value of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock shall be determined by the Board of Directors, which determination shall be final and conclusive for all purposes hereof. For the purposes of determining the percentage ownership of Capital Stock by any Person, shares of Capital Stock that may be acquired upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any securities of the Corporation directly or constructively held by such Person, but not shares of Capital Stock issuable with respect to the conversion, exchange or exercise of securities of the Corporation held by other Persons, shall be deemed to be outstanding prior to conversion, exchange or exercise.

Beneficial Ownership. The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(1)(B) of the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings.

Business Day. The term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Capital Stock. The term Capital Stock shall mean all classes or series of stock of the Corporation, including, without limitation, Common Stock and Preferred Stock.

Charitable Beneficiary. The term Charitable Beneficiary shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.6, provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code.

Common Stock Ownership Limit. The term Common Stock Ownership Limit shall mean 9.8 percent (in value or in number of shares of Common Stock, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or such other percentage determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 7.2.8 of the Charter.The number and value of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation shall be determined by the Board of Directors, which determination shall be final and conclusive for all purposes hereof. For purposes of determining the percentage ownership of Common Stock by any Person, shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any securities of the Corporation directly or constructively held by such Person, but not shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to the conversion, exchange or exercise of securities of the Corporation held by other Persons, shall be deemed to be outstanding prior to conversion, exchange or exercise.

Constructive Ownership. The term Constructive Ownership shall mean ownership of Capital Stock by a Person, whether the interest in the shares of Capital Stock is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. The terms Constructive Owner, Constructively Owns and Constructively Owned shall have the correlative meanings.

Excepted Holder. The term Excepted Holder shall mean a stockholder of the Corporation for whom an Excepted Holder Limit is created by this Article VII or by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 

Excepted Holder Limit. The term Excepted Holder Limit shall mean, provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7 and subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections 7.2.7 and 7.2.8, the percentage limit established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.2.7.

Initial Date. The term Initial Date shall mean the date of the closing of the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the initial underwritten public offering of the Corporation. 

Market Price. The term Market Price on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding shares of Capital Stock, the Closing Price for such Capital Stock on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Capital Stock, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Capital Stock, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Capital Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if such Capital Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the principal automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Capital Stock is not quoted by any such system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Capital Stock selected by the Board of Directors or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Capital Stock, the fair market value of the Capital Stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

NYSE. The term NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange.

Person. The term Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within 

the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and a group to which an Excepted Holder Limit applies.

Prohibited Owner. The term Prohibited Owner shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of this Article VII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned.

Restriction Termination Date. The term Restriction Termination Date shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board determines pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Charter that it is no longer in the best interests of the Corporation to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with any or all of the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of shares of Capital Stock set forth herein is no longer required.

Transfer. The term Transfer shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, redemption, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire or possess Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership, or any agreement to take any such action or cause any such event, of Capital Stock or the right to vote or receive dividends on Capital Stock, including (a) the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any interest in Capital Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (c) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms Transferring and Transferred shall have the correlative meanings.

Trust. The term Trust shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.3.1.

Trustee. The term Trustee shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and a Prohibited Owner that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of the Trust.

Section 7.2 Capital Stock.

Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations. During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date, but subject to Section 7.4:

(a) Basic Restrictions.

(i) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder.

(ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock would result in the Corporation being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT (including, but not limited to, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership that would result in the Corporation owning (actually or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the 

Code if the income derived by the Corporation from such tenant would cause the Corporation to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code).

(iii) Any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock that, if effective, would result in the Capital Stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void abinitio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock.

(iv) No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock could result in the Corporation failing to qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity within the meaning of Section 897(h)(4)(B) of the Code.

(b) Transfer in Trust. If any Transfer of shares of Capital Stock occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv),

(i) then that number of shares of the Capital Stock the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv) (rounded up to the nearest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares; or

(ii) if the transfer to the Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv), then the Transfer of that number of shares of Capital Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iv) shall be void abinitio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of Capital Stock.

(iii) To the extent that, upon a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust pursuant to this Section 7.2.1(b), a violation of any provision of this Article VII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of shares of Capital Stock by a single Trust would violate the 100 stockholder requirement applicable to REITs), then shares of Capital Stock shall be transferred to that number of Trusts, each having a distinct Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VII.

Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach. If the Board of Directors shall at any time determine that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any shares of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board of Directors or a committee thereof shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event; provided, however, that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void abinitio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board of Directors.

Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer. Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of shares of Capital Stock that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a) or any Person who would have owned shares of Capital Stock that resulted in a transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and 

shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporations status as a REIT.

Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information. From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date:

(a) every owner of five percent or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the U.S. Treasury Department regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Corporation stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of Capital Stock Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Each such owner shall provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Corporations status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit; and

(b) each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Capital Stock and each Person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding Capital Stock for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Corporation such information as the Corporation may request, in order to determine the Corporations status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance and to ensure compliance with the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit.

Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited. Subject to Section 5.7 of the Charter, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation in preserving the Corporations status as a REIT.

Section 7.2.6 Ambiguity. In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board of Directors may determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 or any such definition with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 requires an action by the Board of Directors and the Charter fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors may determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3. Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board of Directors (which the Board may make in its sole and absolute discretion), if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 7.2.2) acquired Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Capital Stock in violation of Section 7.2.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the shares of Capital Stock that, but for such remedies, would have been actually owned by such Person, and second to shares of Capital Stock that, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such shares of Capital Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Capital Stock held by each such Person. 

Section 7.2.7 Exceptions.

(a) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a Person from the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit and the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person if the Corporation 

obtains such representations and undertakings from such Person as are reasonably necessary for the Board of Directors to determine that:

(i) no individuals Beneficial or Constructive Ownership of such shares of Capital Stock will violate Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) at the time the Board makes the determination; and

(ii) such Person does not and will not own, actually or Constructively, an interest in a tenant of the Corporation (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Corporation) that would cause the Corporation to own, actually or Constructively, more than a 9.9% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant (for this purpose, a tenant shall not be treated as a tenant of the Corporation if the Corporation (or an entity owned or controlled by the Corporation) derives (and is expected to continue to derive) a sufficiently small amount of revenue from such tenant such that, in the determination of the Board of Directors, rent from such tenant would not, individually or in the aggregate with other revenues of the Corporation, adversely affect the Corporations ability to qualify as a REIT).

Any violation or attempted violation of any such representations or undertakings (or other action which is contrary to the restrictions contained in Sections 7.2.1 through 7.2.6) will result in shares of Capital Stock being automatically transferred to a Trust in accordance with Sections 7.2.1(b) and 7.3.

(b) Prior to granting any exception pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a), the Board of Directors may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Corporations status as a REIT. Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board of Directors may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting such exception.

(c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter or placement agent that participates in a public offering or a private placement of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock) in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, the Common Stock Ownership Limit, or both such limits, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement.

(d) The Board of Directors may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder: (1) with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time, or (2) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit or the Common Stock Ownership Limit, as the case may be.

Section 7.2.8 Increase or Decrease in Aggregate Stock Ownership and Common Stock Ownership Limits. Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii) and this Section 7.2.8, the Board of Directors may from time to time increase the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for one or more Persons and decrease the Common Stock Ownership Limit and the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit for all other Persons. No decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit will be effective for any Person whose percentage ownership of Capital Stock is in excess of such decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, until such time as such Persons percentage ownership of Capital Stock equals or falls below the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable; provided, 

however, any further acquisition of Capital Stock by any such Person (other than a Person for whom an exemption has been granted pursuant to Section 7.2.7(a) or an Excepted Holder) in excess of the Capital Stock owned by such person on the date the decreased Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, as applicable, became effective will be in violation of the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit. No increase to the Common Stock Ownership Limit or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit may be approved if the new Common Stock Ownership Limit and/or Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit would allow five or fewer Persons to Beneficially Own, in the aggregate more than 49.9% in value of the outstanding Capital Stock.

Section 7.2.9 Legend. Each certificate for shares of Capital Stock, if certificated, or the notice in lieu of a certificate, if any, shall bear substantially the following legend:

The shares [represented by this certificate] are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose, among others, of the Corporations maintenance of its status as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporations Charter, (i) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the Corporations Common Stock in excess of the Common Stock Ownership Limit, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (ii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of the Aggregate Stock Ownership Limit, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit shall be applicable); (iii) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Capital Stock that would result in the Corporation being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the Corporation to fail to qualify as a REIT; (iv) no Person may Transfer shares of Capital Stock if such Transfer would result in the Capital Stock of the Corporation being owned by fewer than 100 Persons; and (v) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock that could result in the Corporation failing to qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity under Section 897(h)(4)(B) of the Code. Any Person who Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns or attempts or intends to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock which cause or will cause a Person to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations must immediately notify the Corporation. If any of the restrictions on transfer or ownership provided in (i), (ii), (iii) or (v) above are violated, the shares of Capital Stock in excess or in violation of the above limitations will be automatically transferred to a Trustee of a Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition, the Corporation may redeem shares upon the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion if the Board of Directors determines that ownership or a Transfer or other event may violate the restrictions described above. Furthermore, if the ownership restriction provided in (iv) above would be violated, or upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void ab initio. All capitalized terms in this legend have the 

meanings given to them in the Charter of the Corporation, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation on request and without charge. Requests for such a copy may be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation at its principal office. 

Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate or notice may state that the Corporation will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on ownership and transferability to a stockholder on request and without charge.

Section 7.3 Transfer of Capital Stock in Trust.

Section 7.3.1 Ownership in Trust. Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of shares of Capital Stock to a Trust, such shares of Capital Stock shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Trustee as trustee of a Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Trustee shall be appointed by the Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 7.3.6.

Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held by the Trustee. Shares of Capital Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust.

Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Voting Rights. The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or distribution to the Trustee upon demand, and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee. Any dividend or distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustees sole discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary; provided, however, that if the Corporation has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its stock transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes and determining the other rights of stockholders.

Section 7.3.4 Sale of Shares by Trustee. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a person, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 

7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.4. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. The Trustee may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be retained by or immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Corporation that shares of Capital Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.4, such excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand.

Section 7.3.5 Purchase Right in Stock Transferred to the Trustee. Shares of Capital Stock transferred to the Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Corporation may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.3.3 of this Article VII. The Corporation may pay the amount of such reduction to the Trustee for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. The Corporation shall have the right to accept such offer until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.4. Upon such a sale to the Corporation, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner.

Section 7.3.6 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries. By written notice to the Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries of the interest in the Trust such that the shares of Capital Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary or Charitable Beneficiaries. Neither the failure of the Corporation to make such designation nor the failure of the Corporation to appoint the Trustee before the automatic transfer provided in Section 7.2.1(b) shall make such transfer ineffective, provided that the Corporation thereafter makes such designation and appointment.

Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions. Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII.

Section 7.5 Enforcement. The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII.

Section 7.6 Non-Waiver. No delay or failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board of Directors in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing.

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation. Except for amendments to Section 5.8 of the Charter and except for those amendments permitted to be made without stockholder approval under Maryland law or by specific provision in the Charter, any amendment to the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Any amendment to Section 5.8 or to this sentence of the Charter shall be valid only if declared advisable by the Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

ARTICLE IX

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article IX, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption.

ARTICLE X

CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Section 10.1 Competing Activities and Corporate Opportunities.

(a) Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Corporation and CBS Corporation, (i) neither the Corporation nor CBS Corporation shall have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same or similar activities or lines of business as the other corporation, doing business with any potential or actual customer or supplier of the other corporation, or employing or engaging or soliciting for employment any director, officer or employee of the other corporation, and (ii) no director or officer of the Corporation or CBS Corporation shall be liable to either the Corporation or CBS Corporation or to the stockholders of either for breach of any duty by reason of any such activities of the Corporation or CBS Corporation, as applicable, or for the presentation or direction to the Corporation or CBS Corporation of, or participation in, any such activities, by a director or officer of the Corporation or CBS Corporation, as applicable.

(b) In the event that an Interested Person acquires knowledge of a potential Opportunity that may be a corporate opportunity for both the Corporation and CBS Corporation (excluding any Opportunity that was presented or became known to such Interested Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation, as reasonably determined by such director or officer, unless the Corporation notifies the Interested Person that the Corporation does not intend to pursue such Opportunity), 

(i) the Corporation hereby renounces any interest in or expectancy with respect to such Opportunity if such Interested Person (A) presents such Opportunity to CBS 

Corporation or (B) does not communicate information regarding such Opportunity to the Corporation because the Interested Person has directed or intends to direct the Opportunity to CBS Corporation, and

(ii) such Interested Person may present such Opportunity to either the Corporation or to CBS Corporation or to both, as such Interested Person deems appropriate under the circumstances in such Interested Persons sole discretion, and by doing so such Interested Person (A) shall have fully satisfied and fulfilled such persons duties to the Corporation and its stockholders with respect to such Opportunity, (B) shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any statutory or common law duties, and (C) shall be deemed to have acted in accordance with the standard of care set forth in Section 2-405.1 of the MGCL, or any successor statute, or otherwise applicable to directors and officers of a Maryland corporation.

(c) This Article X shall not limit any protections or defenses available to, or indemnification rights of, any director or officer of the Corporation under the Charter or applicable law. The renunciation of any interest in or expectancy with respect to an Opportunity in this Article X shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way any other renunciation of a corporate opportunity by the Corporation or the Board of Directors or protection to which any Interested Person may be or may become entitled under any statute, bylaw, resolution, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

Section 10.2 Definitions. For the purpose of this Article X, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

CBS Corporation means CBS Corporation, a Delaware corporation, all successors to CBS Corporation by way of merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and all corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, joint ventures, associations and other entities in which CBS Corporation beneficially owns (directly or indirectly) 50% or more of the outstanding voting stock, voting power, partnership interests or similar voting interests or which CBS Corporation otherwise controls, but shall not include the Corporation.

Corporation shall mean the Corporation and all corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, joint ventures, associations and other entities in which the Corporation beneficially owns (directly or indirectly) 50% or more of the outstanding voting stock, voting power, partnership interests or similar voting interests or which the Corporation otherwise controls.

Interested Person shall mean a person who is a director or officer of the Corporation and is also a director or officer of CBS Corporation.

Opportunity shall mean a potential corporate transaction or matter that may be a corporate opportunity for the Corporation, whether such opportunity is proposed by a third party or is conceived of by an Interested Person, but excluding any potential corporate opportunity if it is a corporate opportunity that is one in which the Corporation has no reasonable expectancy, that the Corporation is not financially able or contractually permitted or legally able to undertake, or that is, from its nature, not in the line of the Corporations business or is of no practical advantage to it.

Person means any individual, partnership (whether general, limited or otherwise), corporation, limited liability company or other entity, government, or political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of a government or any two or more such persons acting as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of securities of an issuer.

Section 10.3 Notice. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have, and may be charged with, notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article X.

Section 10.4 Expiration. The provisions of this Article X shall automatically expire, cease to apply and have no further force and effect as charter provisions from and after the date on which both (1) CBS Corporation ceases to beneficially own 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (2) no Person meets the definition of Interested Person above. For the avoidance of doubt, the expiration of this Article X shall not affect the protections afforded by this Article X to any Person with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to the expiration of this Article X. 

THIRD: The amendment to and restatement of the charter as hereinabove set forth have been duly advised by the Board of Directors and approved by the stockholders of the Corporation as required by law.

FOURTH: The current address of the principal office of the Corporation is as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter.

FIFTH: The name and address of the Corporations current resident agent are as set forth in Article IV of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter.

SIXTH: The number of directors of the Corporation and the names of those currently in office are as set forth in Article V of the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter.

SEVENTH: There has been no increase in the authorized stock of the Corporation effected by the foregoing amendment and restatement of the charter.

EIGHTH: These Articles of Amendment and Restatement shall become effective as of 12:01 A.M. on March 28, 2014. 

NINTH: The undersigned acknowledges these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be the corporate act of the Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Executive Officer and attested to by its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on this 27th day of March, 2014.

ATTEST: CBS OUTDOOR AMERICAS INC.

/s/ Donald R. Shassian By: /s/ Jeremy J. Male

Donald R. Shassian Jeremy J. Male

Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer

and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>out-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>out-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Commission File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Registrant's telephone number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>out-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Jan. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter OUTFRONT Media Inc.

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation MD

Commission File Number 001-36367

I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 46-4494703

Entity Address, Address Line One 90 Park Avenue, 9th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York,

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Zip Code 10016

City Area Code 212

Registrant's telephone number 297-6400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01, par value

Trading Symbol OUT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001579877

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.outfrontmedia.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

out-20250117.htm 
out-20250117.xsd 
out-20250117_lab.xml 
out-20250117_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001579877-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>out-20250117_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001579877 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

0001579877 
--12-31 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
OUTFRONT Media Inc. 
MD 
001-36367 
46-4494703 
90 Park Avenue, 9th Floor 
New York, 
NY 
10016 
212 
297-6400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01, par value 
OUT 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>